 These worked very well , but we decided to buy one more pair so give extra support when our mid-west winds kick up against the motohome . Easy to install and take down . Works great to cut down the flapping noise and prevents the awning from picking up speed which in turn keeps it from destroying the structure of the awning .
 I ordered these De-Flappers for a Sunsetter Awning . The De-flappers are well made and easy to install . Actually , they are better than the ones offered by Sunsetter -LRB- for half the price ! -RRB- . These De-flappers give you extra room by using the `` Hook and Loop '' design . I would certainly recommend this product !
 Great item . I needed a few more to use with my Sun-Setter awning but I was n't about to spend the $ $ that Sunsetter wanted .
 This is a nice frame . Good design -LRB- not too simple , not too fancy/complex -RRB- , good quality . I 'm not too sure what else to say ... except that I thought about buying another for my other car .5 stars.Should anything change , like it start to corrode or something , then I 'll update this review .
 I like these license plate frames , they are as they appear in the item description . They were a good price as well and I would recommend these .
 Was exactly what I was looking for . Not cheap tin but nice heavy chrome . Looks great on the car it was bought for .
 Love this license plate holder . It is very firm , shinny , and it holds the license perfectly . Looks very nice on my new Acura RDX .
 This is a very attractive , sturdy , shiny , classy license plate frame . And it 's available at an excellent price.I was surprised by its weightiness - the pattern has twists , but this frame is n't going to twist .
 Put this on a 2008 Charger . Looks great and still looks brand new . It seems to be made of heavy steel was not flimsy .
 Quality material , great shine , classy . Looks great with Silver Metallic Grey CRV . Does n't limit visibility of the license plate - state and registration tag is clearly visible . Just might indulge in another one to put on the front with a vanity plate . Arrived in a timely manner .
 This was an impulse buy for me . It looked shiny , so I bought it . And I 'm quite happy with it . It 's been on my car for a few weeks now and it makes the whole rear end look much more interesting.The twisted metal design is gorgeous , and the whole thing has a good weight to it , so it 's not cheaply made as far as I can tell . It installed in less than 3 minutes , and it looks great . I 'm considering buying another for the front license plate !
 This chrome plate cover looked exactly as pictured . Looks great on my car . Great license plate frame for the price
 Bought this on a impulse for my new car but after I got they suggested a bracket and screws , did not order . Now if you order need to get because factory screws are not long enought and then you need caps if they do n't come with the frame so it looks good . Frame itself good for the price . Also need to see if you need 2 holes or 4 holes on your car , I got 4 holes but only need 2 .
 Wow , This frame really catches your eye when you look at a car from behind . I put it on the rear plate of my 2010 Silver Maxima and it looks great with the other chrome detailing which exists on my car . Its heavier and not one of those cheap bendable plate frames . Id be willing to pay double for this frame being that the quality and appearance are even better than expected . 5 star purchase with no second thoughts .
 I bought this for a brand new silver car . It compliments the car very well . It does not have a cheap look to it . I was able to use the same screws that came with the license plate frame from the dealership I purchased the car from . I only have 2 screws on each plate , since that is what came with my car . You only need 2 to secure the plates . Most of the cars on the road only have 2 . I think the screws look just fine , so I did not spend the extra money to buy the screws and crew covers that are sold separately .
 I was pleasantly surprised when I received this item . The frame is sturdy and appears to be well made . Frankly , I was expecting something much flimsier for the price . One thing that should be mentioned is that you need to purchase the fasteners -LRB- they come to fit either import or domestic cars -RRB- and the screw covers if so desired . I have yet to receive this shipment but will update my review once everything is in hand and the plates are on my car . Only four stars because I do n't yet know whether the frames actually fit . I hope so because they really are very attractive.Cruiser Accessories 81330 Locking Fasteners , Import-StainlessCruiser Accessories 82030 Screw Covers , ChromeUpdate
 Great quality , looks great , my wife loves it . Has provision for 4 screws , 2 at the top , 2 at the bottom .
 Shipping was quick and our item arrived in one piece . We were very pleased that Amazon offered this product , because we could n't find this particular item locally.The quality is great and really adds to the `` classiness '' of your vehicle . At least we think so . This is an easy recommend . Great price too .
 This license plate cover is very cool-looking . It 's a little cheap as far as construction as it 's simply hollowed out in back , but from the view of it , you ca n't tell.I 'm very impressed with how shiny it is , and how it looks exactly like the pictures . I 'll have to wait a few months or so before I can note anything about corrosion , but as of now , I 'm impressed.Would recommend this to others looking for a license plate holder .
 It looks perfect on my car -LRB- Honda Pilot - Gray -RRB- . Its kinda rugged and looks perfect , I would buy this one again for another car .
 Nice tag holder . Looks nice on my car . I am glad I purchased this one . It seems to hold up well in the weather .
 Installed on my Elantra Limited and it adds a very nice touch of chrome to the rear view . Looks great , highly polished and very well made .
 Wanted something that looked nice on my car , but not too busy . This gives it just the right amount of style without being too much . Does feel a little flimsy though .
 These looked just like the ones that came on the truck and they worked fine .
 Looks like the original wiper arm . Looks good and work great !! Price was alot cheaper than the factory one , ford wanted twice as much as I paid for it .
 These are top quality fork springs . Equal in length and ` strength ' , they transformed the front end of my DL650 -LRB- V-Strom -RRB- . I like that the fork springs are even labeled as to their spring rate -LRB- in this case , 0.9 kg -RRB- Nice ! I would definitely recommend the Race Tech fork springs to others .
 Delivery was n't as quick as some things I 've ordered but it came when they said it would . Installation was n't too difficult and I 'm happy with the quality . If I break another mirror I would order here again .
 If the vehicle harness had been 3 &#34; longer -LRB- as was the case on the driver 's side -RRB- , this would have been a snap . As it was , I had to remove the door trim panel and speaker to get to the connector to attach the mirror wires . Driver 's side was easy , just pop off the mirror triim panel and you could reach everything from there . Not the fault of the mirror manufacturer , but Chevrolet 's engineering screw up .
 My daughter broke the passenger 's side mirror on our 98 Suburban when she failed to fold it in before going through the carwash . I expected a replacement to cost $ 200 or something ridiculous . I could n't believe there was an exact match for only $ 20.95 . I got it 5 days later and installed it with only minor trouble . Installing the mounting nuts was difficult . My hands are large and they are in a very narrow space . The only flaw I noticed is a vibration in the mirror glass while travelling over bumpy roads . I am sure I tightened the mounting bolts very securely . I think the spring that controls the folding feature just is n't as strong or `` loaded '' as the OE . It really does n't bother me , just an observation .
 The mirror is a perfect fit and is an exact match . It was somewhat easy to install and works great . It arrived when promised . I found installation instructions on the internet and did it myself .
 I was really impressed with the quality and accuracy of your product . It really compliments my vehicle and very easy to install . This was my first experience purchasing items from Amazon and will continue to do so in the future !
 For the price it is what it is ! I have no complaints and it 's functioning just fine . Though I do miss my heated one . It 's nothing fancy and the mirror was just a tiny bit misshapen . But over all for the price it 's good !
 Fit great could n't tell any loss in power going to buy them for all my quads
 great design , they slide right in from one side of the awning and can easily be slid to the other side . I have two sets to hang two sets of lights all the way across the awning roller and they work awesome !
 The holders fit our Dometic awning perfect . They hold the lights great and look to be of good quality too .
 These things work great and are so easy to install . Once installed they stay you do n't have to try to come up with a way to hang your lights every time . the service I got from Camco was great . i will be shopping there again .
 we bought this for our motorhome to hang lights on the awning - it works great and we 'd buy again if we needed more
 The party light holders work good , but the silver S hooks constantly fall out of the gray holders when I try and put the string of lights through them . That part is kind of annoying , but once the lights are up , no problems , even on windy days . Easy to use and seem pretty durable .
 This holds milk , 2 liters and other tall items in place in you do not have to worry about them spilling as you travel .
 We are able to drive our RV from place to place without having to remove everything from our fridge , closets & cabinets . We are also able to remove some of our items without first removing the bars by lifting out over/under them . We store the ones we do take out , in a space underneath our table booth ... and I labeled each bar as to where it goes , then there 's less adjusting when we re-install .
 Only words can express how I feel . Why do i have to submit soo many words to satisfy the system
 It works and that 's the most important thing in utilitarian RV items , right ? Easy to use , keeps the stuff in your fridge in place while you 're going down the road -LRB- and keeps them from tumbling out at you when you open the fridge door after you park -RRB- . No brainer : - -RRB-
 Works good for my European Fridge that makes things fall out cause the doors slant to much . I bought to and plan to use both and great for other things too .
 Bought these for the RV refrigerator . Work great ! Holds everything on the shelves and less worry about opening refrigerator door when we reach our location . Can also seperate the rods to make two single rods for use . Would recommend to anyone traveling with a fridge that has items to shift .
 Saved us from the mess of the camper fridge opening while travelling ... everything was where we left it :o-RRB- Love 'em !
 this refrigerator bar works great ! I like it because it 's adjustable and keeps items from moving around as I travel .
 We could only use part of this item , the plastic pc that hang down . The white pcs that slide in the awning were to large to fit in the slide track and could not use them @ all .
 This is our 3rd Rhino Flex sewer hose . The 32 &#34; compressed length is perfect for the built in sewer hose carrier on our RV . You can expand it to just the length required .
 I was a little worried about the quality and resemblance to the original Rhino hose that I have . Well all is well . Seems to be good and strong just like the original . I will be dropping it in my spare compartment and junking the original hose I got with the camper .
 Nicer hose than I had but is hard to get a seal that does not leak . Had to use plumbers putty with the hose clamp . Seems sturdy will see how it handles the sun .
 !!!! Supper !!!! easy to install , look great , and I got it 32 hours after I ordered it . And I ordered it at 12:30 AM
 This K&N ; Filter Foam Wrap was used around an Edelbrock 14 ' filter for a 360 Jeep engine . So far it has worked very well , keeping the air filter away from heavy mud and dust , and making the cleaning of most of the dirt a really easy task.Setup takes minutes , and it looks like it will last a long time . This is recommended for any serious off-road enthusiast .
 What can you write about a sewer pipe support . Folds in , folds out , works as it should . Easy to store . No problems .
 February 2009 : I drive a 2008 Honda Civic Si . No mods except KNN cold air intake . This product is very easy to install . I get on average 1.5 to 2mpg more . I would highly recommend this product to anyone who wants to save money on gas.March 2010 : I ran a complete stock intake when I first bought the car . Three months later I bought a cold air intake . After installing the cold air intake , the MPG stayed the same as well as my driving habits . 6 months later I installed the Tornado . I did notice a slight increase in MPG right away . It 's been a little over a year now , and I am still noticing the same increase in MPG with the Tornado as compared to without it . I have owed 2 cars and 2 trucks in the past . All have had KNN cold air intakes . I have never noticed any change in MPG with these air intakes . So bottom line , the increase I noticed was not because of a cold air intake .
 This clutch is very strong ! BIG improvement over the stock clutch ! Ca n't lose when purchasing this product !
 my husband researched before buying and this was the best price anywhere and he was very pleased with the timely arrival of them .
 I would say in 95 % of cars on the road this is probably a waste of money and time . Not so in a Ford Contour pre 2000 . I put in in a 99 ' Contour . The difference is amazing . In fact it 's so much of a difference that I was driving on a long trip after having it in for a few weeks and had n't calculated the mpg . I took it out , and within two minutes my 14 year old son asked me what was wrong with the car because it was really sluggish . BMW 's have something similar sold on a few very reputable sites , although much more stout . -LRB- aftermarket parts sites of course -RRB- . Theirs is made much differently being machined from aluminum , but does the same thing - introduces turbulence . I now have a BMW and I can say confidently these are completely worthless in it . The more stout model is not made for my particular model which leads me to believe there 's no issue with lack of turbulence in the model I have . In the Contour , I picked up a few mpg and a few OBVIOUS hp in passing gear when the car was sucking in more air . That 's my experience . Yours may be different . I drive a lot of miles . I 'm not even remotely in question on whether it increased mpg . I have gas receipts to show that can be averaged . It was a 3-4 mpg gain if I 'm not mistaken .
 Its a spark plug , works as it should . Bought for my 98 Ducati 748 because my old ones were toast .
 A tremendous improvement to the OEM Harley-Davidson 10R12X plugs . My Buell has a cold-blooded air-cooled motor that tends to cough , sputter and generally run like crap until sufficiently warmed up . As autumn descends on the northeast , my bike is running better than ever on cool mornings ! I hope erosion wear rates are also improved down the line .
 Works great to attach trailer safety cables or chains . I 've used them on pickup bed trailers & it is nice to be able to easily replace the safety cables if needed .
 They were a little bigger than I was hoping for . Exactly as listed . The links held tight and did n't get loose .
 Product was as described and advertise arrive on time or within the promise arrival time , totally satisfied with my purchase , Price was good
 We purchased several of these for our RV , used them in closets , cabinets & fridge . AWESOME for keeping things intact while going down the road , keeps me from having to unload & reload cabinets , etc. every time we travel !
 Performed as advertised and arrived promptly . It has been as low as 10 degrees and no damage to the systems
 Needing some way to get the anti-freeze in all the nooks and crannies ? Well , this gadget is simple but effective - just remember to open fausets and by-pass water heater .
 Easy to use once I figured it out . I tried for the longest time to try to winterize my camper with this thing . The antifreeze would not go in . Instead it would squirt out all over the place and make a big mess . I opened valves , closed other valves and still could not figure out why it would not work . Finally , someone suggested removing the water filter . It worked perfectly after that . It would have been nice if the instructions mentioned that if you have a water filter in your system , to remove it .
 It takes a lot of pumping to get it primed , but it still only took about 3-5 minutes to get the job done . I had read other reviews about the tubing coming off , so I figured it was better to get it on as tight as possible before starting , and trying to put it back together after it was wet would have been a pain .
 Right pump for the right price lets you get er done . Has all the parts you will need . Easy to store .
 This was very effective for winterizing my trailer . I got a Gallon of the antifreeze and pumped it into my system and 2 minutes later I was done .
 As the cold weather set in i knew i had to winterize my rv -LRB- my first -RRB- so i looked on Amazon and found this , it works great , and saves time and money.pumping antifreeze into my rv was a breeze , this pump felt well built and didnt leak at all.FYI it took 2 gallons of antifreeze for a 24 foot class c rv , theres a lot of pipes to fill .
 worked like a charm to winterize my RV . Follow all of the instructions !! I do recommend using air to blow out the lines , then pumping the anti-freeze through as an added precaution . Can winterize the entire RV with just 2 gallons .
 I purchased this to flush and winterize the lines of a vacant , single story home . I was concerned whether it would be able to produce enough pressure to push the water out of the lines , but it did very well.I opened the lines at the hot water heater to drain it , and just worked from there . I pumped RV antifreeze into the cold line until it reached the meter , and then capped that line off . From there , it was a simple matter of opening each faucet and operating the pump until the antifreeze color was present . After flushing all the cold lines , I attached it to the hot water outlet and did the same.The only other part needed is a female hose to pipe -LRB- IPS -RRB- adaptor , and whatever length nipple you need -LRB- provided you have a union on your water lines and enough slack to move them ... -RRB- . It did begin to leak slightly , BUT I was certainly using it for more than the intended purpose . I did pump it on a closed line to see if it would produce a decent amount of pressure-and it produced enough to force water from the shower head!Overall , I pumped just over 3 1/2 gallons and other than a small leak , it worked quite well . For an RV application , this would be PERFECT !!! If you 're looking for this type of hand pump , the Camco is well made and performs smoothly .
 This item came on time and is a great investment for our camping trips !! It makes cleaning out much easier and fast !
 Works great reaching into the black tanks from the toilette to get the remaining parts out . Avoid sticking it too far down so you do n't break a sensor from the spinning part on the bottom .
 Works well . Easy to use . Keep it away from the sides of the toilet/blackwater tank ... it spins very fast and makes an awful racket if you catch the side ... Seemed to clean well the first time .
 to clean the holding tank . Its a dirty job , but somethings got ta do it ...
 I used this and it worked great . It blasted a ton of materials that were `` stuck '' high up in the tank that I did n't know was there . After using this , I had no more smell issues .
 It did a good job of cleaning out material in the tank . The flexible hose navigated the route tht our plumbing required . The shut-off valve on the stick dripped pretty badly , which was a nuisance .
 We 've always had problems in our black holding tank with the level sensors being contaminated with waste materials . This product put an end to these issues with very few `` yuck '' issues . It 's an elegant design and well worth the money .
 This is the RV tool everyone should have ... Yeah the shutoff valve leaked a little on mine but I just hung that part in the shower and it also was forceful enough to fix the sensor in the black tank ... I LOVE IT where were you 3 years ago ?
 Ok , first off , it 's cleaning action works WELL ! It side and top-scrubs junk off the tank high-up , where you ca n't backflush to get it otherwise . It most-likely will reset your water level gauge to actually working again , by getting crap -LRB- literally -RRB- off your level sensors . Have n't found anything else that can do this.That said ... two issues . Number one , BUY AN EXTRA BACK-UP WATER SHUT-OFF with this wand . The built-in water shut off is hit-or-miss , and fails easily . This is EASILY REMEDIED by purchasing something like `` Orbit Brass Hose Shut-Off Coupling Valve 58270 '' that you can get here on Amazon for about $ 7 . Just screw it into the wand right above the built-in shut-off , and problem fixed -LRB- mine did n't leak if I left it full-open ... but if it does , just plasti-kote the whole valve assembly on the wand ... it 's the work head that 's important , anyhow -RRB- . The other issue is if the workhead stops rotating . I found that -LRB- while a nasty job -RRB- , a stiff-bristled brush and a good scrubbing got mine to work every time . Seems that the crap tends to stop the head from rotating ... sorta gums it up.Sorry ... but as you know , anytime you are working a blackwater tank , it is a TRULY NASTY JOB ... ca n't be helped . This wand is a 5-star idea . The valve is a 1-star , but knowing that going into it , just means to back-up with a good valve and ignore the factory one -LRB- or modify it as you see fit -RRB- . If you actually USE your RV , you NEED this wand . Period . It keeps drain flies out of your tank , it keeps smells to a minimum with the help of a tank odor packet a week , and it KEEPS YOUR LEVEL MONITOR WORKING -LRB- which has ALWAYS DROVE ME NUTS ! -RRB- . I 'd recommend this for sure , and ask Camco to fix their valve problem . If my war-weary one broke tomorrow , I 'd still order this same one to replace it . -LRB- Mine looks like a minefield detector already ... war weary is an understatement -RRB- .
 Gets you tank clean and the swivel head does just that with a lot of power . First time on two years that I have sucessfully got our tank registered back to green on the monitor.I highly recommend .
 I have n't used it yet in a used holding tank , but tested it on my new motorhome black water holding tank using both the on board water pressure and at home off my well pump pressure . It works much better at home but still is adequate with the MH 's system , which may be all I have when camping at state parks .
 Very handy and convenient . Something was stuck in our rv tank causing the led board to show 2/3 full . I used this once and cleared it right up .
 Fits '95 Chevy K2500 5.7 350 . Quality and connection were ok . I did have a difficult time attaching it to the cat-pipe . The internal diameters were slightly off , but workable . Had a slight rattle , but sealant and new hardware fixed that .
 I 'm totally surprised that the marketing group at Castrol were not able to successfully market this and other SuperClean products.Before the next tornado or hurricane I recommend that the SuperClean Accuvision be given free to all local and state emergency responders , police , ambulance crews etc. . Also , the news crews that always have crappy video out their vehicle front windows could benefit by using this spectacular product . You can spray this on during a rain storm and immediately have excellent results and complete visibility . If your wipers fail ... this could help you get home safer than no wipers at all . If your wipers are working ... this stuff it great . There is no need to polish or buff this product like the competitors products . The spray on applicator works fine . Spray or wipe it on ... I always keep two containers in my vehicle for emergencies . I am an emergency responder and know the importance of being able to see the road and all the potential hazards in front of me . Buy it and use it ... you 'll immediately see the results during the next rain storm . Do not however use it on the inside of your windshield ... only the outside . Spectacular product .
 The product was just what i was looking for to replace existing vinyl on my trailer . My one concern was how it would hold up under extreme heat in Summer and extreme cold in Winter . That information would be useful to add . thanks .
 The product was just what i was looking for to replace existing vinyl on my trailer . My one concern was how it would hold up under extreme heat in Summer and extreme cold in Winter . That information would be useful to add . thanks .
 Funny bumper sticker . Cooler shirt at www.therealretro.com though.Genghis Khan on team mongols , # ? Because he organized his army in units of ten ...
 Great bumper sticker and so many people relate to it . It is on my rear bumper and , at stop lights , can see people reading it curiously and then bursting into laughter . Have had several people make a point to stop and tell me how funny it is and how true !
 The product was just what i was looking for to replace existing vinyl on my trailer . My one concern was how it would hold up under extreme heat in Summer and extreme cold in Winter . That information would be useful to add . thanks .
 The description above is vague , and the company 's website for the product is even more so . So , I will provide you with what you can expect -LRB- quotes are from the instructions and/or the company 's website -RRB- : - The product comes unassembled , but `` no tools are needed . '' You will receive three -LRB- 3 -RRB- tubes , two -LRB- 2 -RRB- plastic ends/stands , four -LRB- 4 -RRB- `` hook & loop pieces '' -LRB- which are really Velcro-like adhesive strips to help `` hold the StorageMaster secure to a carpeted surface '' , and one -LRB- 1 -RRB- net bag . - No where will you see the words `` easy assembly '' , and for good reason . There are nine steps to assembling this cargo thing , and I gave up after step 5 only to repeat the process and re-repeat the process until finally threw the instructions aside and built it by looking at the picture on the box -LRB- which made it infinitely easier . -RRB- 99 % of my problem was that I have no patience for cramped diagrams and figures for something so simple . - The instructions are difficult to read since they bolded half the words , put some IN ALL CAPS , chose to put quotes around the `` A '' , `` B '' and `` C '' that is associated with each part . Pack that all in with black and white pictures of an all black product and you have a mess . -LRB- Not nearly as bad as some of those dirt-cheap overseas instructions that have been translated 15 times and come out with warnings like `` do not put with children . '' -RRB- - The product is made in China -LRB- if that matters to you . -RRB- - The net is of medium quality . What does that mean ? It means that if you are like me , and you are fairly gentle with most things and do n't just go throwing your golf club bag into the truck , then this product should last for a couple years of good use . If you are rough with your stuff -LRB- or have kids -RRB- it should last about one year . One careless/impatient toss of the golf club bag and the StorageMaster is probably done for . - The cargo net folds back to allow you to use the truck for larger items . When folded back this cargo net effectively divides my trunk into two segments
 For $ 20 it does the job . It 's strong enough for your regular everday shaopping . However you will need to fold it up or remove it when loading in heavy supplies from the home improvement store .
 Kind of a pain to put together , but it does work pretty good at keeping stuff from rolling around the back of the SUV . Not bad for the price . I would recommend it to others , in fact I already have .
 I am totally satisfied with my cargo organizer . I am thoroughly organized with all things that relate to cargo . Not only do I have a place to put my Cd 's , I have a place right beside it to keep my jacket and if you look even further left , you can see a place to keep car care equipment.With these three slots , I can totally say that I feel cargo-fied and everything has a spot and everything is in it 's place .
 I bought this item for my wife 's Jeep , so far it 's been wonderful . I love how you can collapse the organizer if not needed , and how sturdy the product is .
 I bought this a few years back -LRB- maybe 4 years ago ? -RRB- for about the same price . I bought it with the intent of keeping groceries from rolling around or spilling over in the trunk and it has served it 's purpose well . I use it in a mid-size 4-door sedan and it fits perfectly . After about 4 years of use , I finally broke it , which was probably more my fault than the fault of poor quality . I unloaded from the trunk without collapsing it first , dropped it and broke the plastic . For around twenty bucks , I figure I 've more than gotten my money 's worth out of it . I went back to the store where I originally bought it and they did n't carry it anymore so I was happy to find it here ! I agree with another reviewer that it was a bit of a pain to put together , you are better off putting it together without the instructions . And if you intend to remove it from your trunk , collapse it first -LRB- I learned the hard way -RRB- . Other than that , I would highly recommend this product . Like the other person said , as long as your not dropping your golf clubs on top of it , you will get a few years use out of it - well worth the twenty bucks !
 Its a little flimsy but its supported by the trunk of your car so thats really not a problem however you really dont want to drop anythin on top of it i feel like the plastic sides would break , but its definitly worth the 30 i paid not only can i put things in it but behind it due to the low metal bar in the back and its adjustable so it can relly get a tight fit . The assembly instructions are useless i didnt even look at them but its very simple so they arent neccesary and a really nice feature is it will fold up into itself if you need the space for somthing bigger , overall im pleased with the purchase and recomend it
 I love this product . I was a little nervous because it requires assembly . However it took me about 10 minutes to put it togther and you do n't need any tools to assemble it . It fits perfectly in my Honda Civic trunk and works great ! Very happy with this product !! My trunk has never looked better .
 Found one of these at Walmart a few years ago and now my daughter wanted one . Walmart does n't carry it any longer so I found this one online . I paid more for it but there 's no other organizer we like as much . It was missing aside - came with two lefts . We called the 800 number and Hopkins quickly and courteously shipped the missing parts.Many thanks !
 THIS HAS BEEN A LIFESAVER FOR ME , IT IS IN THE HATCHBACK OF MY CELICA AND I TOSS IN MY TEXTBOOKS AND OTHER SCHOOL ITEMS TO TEACH AND ZIP TO CLASS AND TEACH AND ALL MY ERRANDS AND KEEPS EVERYTHING FROM SLIDING PRETTY MUCH ANYWHERE . I REALLY LIKE THIS ITEM !!!!!!!!!!!!
 Bought this as a gift for my wife who was tired of going to different stores and having groceries wind up all over her trunk . The adjustable sizing has come in handy based on what her needs are for shopping trips . She will do a 3-4 store shopping trip based on the needs of the week and on which coupons get applied at which store . Now she is able to organize very easily and keep things together . The only small problem was putting the thing together with a little bit of confusion regarding the directions . But once we got it set up , it is working great .
 This item does exactly what it says it will do . It does n't look like it will work when you 're putting it together but it works ! For once a simple device that does what you need . You simply put your grocery bag into one of the `` squares '' and you 're off . As simple as that .
 not what I expected . To fit in my trunk it sits backwards . Was hard to assemble . Good for organization , but you ca n't leave stuff in and remove the whole thing .
 I was very pleased with the speed that I received this item as well as the quality of the item . It was exactly what I was looking for .
 The netting was a bit flimsy , I thought it was going to be actual cloth netting but it 's thin plastic so not as I expected but I does the job of keeping things from sliding across my trunk . I 'm hoping it will last a long time , but since sun does shine through the back window I fear that the plastic netting may get brittle.Wasn ' t hard to put together , we did n't use the instructions that much , just for figuring out which way faces out or in ... Nothing complicated although the directions are unnecessarily complicated for the actual construction.Overall it 's fine for the purpose , but not for anything heavy , treat it gently and it should last a few years . Once this breaks I will be looking for one similar with a cloth netting and stronger poles .
 The Hopkins Storagemaster is exactly the product I needed , and is working-out very well indeed . A little bit tough toassemble , as one particular instruction is n't very clearly explained , but once I figured it out , all was fine . I do n't knowhow long it will last , as it does n't seem particularly robust , but unless you plan to use it for heavy objects , I 'm sure itwill be fine for most purposes . -LRB- Groceries , spare shoes , umbrellas , etc. . -RRB-
 Punch line is ` flimsy but it works ' as someone said.Assembly instruction could be better , but I could manage to put it together based on less-than-perfect instruction and the casing photo.The material used to make this organizer does n't seem to withstand several year-long torture . But , organizer should be OK for handling car care items and small amount of usual shopping stuffs.Organizer fits nicely to the inner corner of 2009 Hyundai Sonata trunk and is doing a good job in organizing the wide trunk area .
 I have Mazda CX9 with enormous trunk . This organizer keep bags and whatever else righ on place . Was not hard to assemble at all . Stays put thanks to velcro strips and easy to remove if needed . Some folks have complained that it breaks if you try to carry it with your bags and heavy goodies inside ... You know what , if you try to cook a soup in a paper cup and it wo n't work - would you complain and say that this cup is bad ? This organizer is not made for carrying anything in it , people ! It is made for keeping stuff from rolling and sliding all over your trunk and this is what it does exactly and very well .
 1 . Instructions to put this together are terrible . I put it together backwards and then had to redo the whole thing2 . Now that it 's together right it 's great ! Sturdier than expected holds open really well . My bags and such do n't roll across the trunks any more . Folds down very flat .
 I put this into my hatch back car-it is great ! Now I do n't have stuff sliding all around the back of my car . It stays put , does n't slide around . It was a little interesting to put together , just follow the directions and it is n't too bad . It does adjust if your car is a little less wide than average . The assembly is the only reason I did n't give it 5 stars-but I 'm not too good at that kind of thing !
 Putting it together is NOT hard ; you just have to be smarter than the average McDonald 's janitor . It works great for groceries and stuff . Obviously it is NOT intended for bricks or other heavy stuff that requires a rigid cargo device . It 's intended for light duty , and excels at it . It collapses and gets out of the way of larger loads instantly , and is so light you can remove it entirely in about 1 second . If your trunk -LRB- or SUV rear area -RRB- has carpet , this will velcro into place , but it works fine without doing that . After around 5 or 6 years , the elastic that holds the collapsible bar in place got a bit loose , from using it so much , but 15 minutes with a needle and thread , to take up some slack in the elastic bands , fixed that . It may well last another 5 years . This is way better , for the purposes I put it to , than any such trunk organizer and grocery holder I 've tried , which is several .
 These are great chaps ! I originally sized myself too large , returned and was shipped a new pair within a few days . I recommend following their instructions , and be conservative because the waist has a belt style that adjusts with waist size . Great customer service!Chaps are length and waist correct -LRB- I 'm 6 ' 1 '' , 210 lbs -RRB- , well made , and fit wonderfully They have an upper lining that will protect your pants , and are warm . I use these to ride my motorcycle in winter , and they keep the wind and cold out really well!Thanks - I 'll be buying more stuff from Jafrum in the future !
 I was somewhat skeptical of what quality to expect due to the price . The Shipping was good and received it very quickly . Once I opened the package , was very satisfied with the quality .
 I really like these chaps and what a bargain at this price . I ordered a Large , as the website suggested for my thigh size , and they arrived in just a few days . I had to return and exchange for an Ex-Large and that took much longer , requiring a phone call after 2 weeks . They then arrived within 5 days of the call . My waist is 36 '' and my inseam is 34 '' so the Ex-Large is just right with no alteration required for the length , which they say is 34 '' . The zippers are heavy duty and the braided flaps , which cover the zippers , look really nice . Good thick leather .
 just received my chaps GREAT QUILITY ! price.these reveiws on this product really helped.Going on my brand new Harley run TOYS FOR TOTS tomarrow temps down in high 30s to 50s . THANKS Amazon , and Jafrum .
 I was very skeptical about buying chaps on the internet because it seemed they would be too long forcing me to cut into the zipper . After trying on chaps -LRB- $ 160 -RRB- at local leather shop I decided to take the chance . I am very pleased with the results . I ordered a size larger than the size chart because of some reviews I read . I should have just ordered by the chart because now my chaps are too big . No fault of Jafrum . The chart is dead on ; live and learn . The chaps I received are at least as good of quality , if not better , than the ones 3 times the price . They were easy to cut . Mine fit low on my hip because I ordered the wrong size but they actually look all right there . I probably could have doctored them to fit higher up -LRB- add a couple belt holes -RRB- and cut less off but did n't think about it till after the cut . This is an outstanding product and I will definitely order again . Hopefully they do n't raise the price before then .
 They fit , they get rained on , the zippers work , the snaps work . They were the same price I paid for mine 11 years ago . Cool beans
 Chaps are great ! Cheaper than anywhere else and they seem to hold up pretty well -LRB- I ride in 90 + degree heat 60 miles per day at 70 + mph -RRB- . I would suggest a visit to the manufacturer 's website for proper fitment b/c it explains how to measure and guestimate the correct size . Mine fit exceptionally well and I am over 6 ' tall .
 I ordered these chaps for my boyfriend they were nice heavy duty chaps and were put together very well I know that he will enjoy them for many years
 I am very happy with these chaps . I 've wanted to own a pair for a long time . I actually do n't own a bike though , I use them for horseback riding ! The heavy duty zippers on them should last for a long time . I highly recommend them !
 I ordered these for my husband and was thoroughly please at the speed in which I received them and with the quality of the product . They look like chaps that cost 3 - 4 times more . I did order a larger size as stated in other reviews that they do run a little small . They are easy to shorten and the quality is nice .
 These are the best chaps . I paid over a hundred dollars for my other pair and they cant even stand next to these . These are much thicker and look nicer . These are real thick leather . I have recommended this company to all my biker friends . Good customer service too . I called them first to get correct sizing .
 These chaps were of good quality leather and appear to be very well made . The leather braiding detail add extra style . These would cost a great deal more at a retail store .
 I ordered the wrong sizes and had to return them , but even the return process was quick and a no brainer . Thank you Amazon for connecting me with great products and companies . Loved the experience ! This was my first buy with Amazon and Jafrum !! Thanks again .
 I 'll have to go along with all the other reviewers.I was anxious about ordering the right size , so I went big . They fitperfectly . Just had to cut them to length . These are incredible chaps . Made rugged and tough to last.Quality leather with a great price . Oh , not to mention the speedy fast delivery.Good job Jafrum .
 I wanted a pair of chaps that I would n't have to spend a great deal of money for also , a pair that would last me a while . Well , these chaps fit the bill . I received them in less that a week and I was really surpised at the quality for what I had paid . For $ 40.00 I thought I would be getting a flimsy but useful pair . I was wrong . These chaps are well worth every penny and then some . Like most reviewers , they were on the long side but all you have to do is trim a little off the bottom . I put a leather conditioner on them and I swear they look like I paid $ 150.00 for them ...
 I took these back to a Harley dealer once I got them , the sales person that I had talked to a wk before said the quality was every bit as good if not better the there 's .
 High quality and a low price . You will not be disappointed with the product or the company . I ordered a size too large , and exchanging the chaps was easy and fast .
 I purchased these chaps for my husband for Christmas and he loves them ! They are excellent quality and easy to cut to length . I am so glad I was able to get such a great product for such a low price !
 I bought these for my husband for Christmas and he loves them . Great fit and easy to adjust length . They look great !
 Wow got them right on time . Very surprised at the thickness of the leather . Looked them over very careful and found nothing wrong with them . They cut to fit very easy , and look great . My sister and her husband were also both very impressed they spent a couple of hundred each for chaps that are a lot thinner then this pair . Used them now on 2 trips and they still look great and fit bang on the size chart . My only issue is with the belt buckle eyelets , they seemed to just fall off even if I never used that hole . But the Brother-in-law 's really expensive pair did the same thing ... so no big deal will find a leather worker and have them replaced with a better quality ring to last longer . At this price a full season of riding and they have paid for themselves so well worth the money . Great product .
 I 'm very pleased with these chaps there a lot better then what i was expecting for the price.At these prices you ca n't really go wrong on them.Not to mention they fit great .
 My wife and I followed the measurement instructions , and these fit great ! We ordered two pair and 1 had some stitches that had leftover string on them . I burned the string down to the leather to ensure it wont come out again . No biggie . The zippers are heavy and strong . the snaps are strong as well . The leather is thick enough to offer protection against the elements and cold . All in all these seem to be a great product at a reasonable price .
 Great chaps . Really cool looking and really great quality . Just the size runs small . I am normally an M , ordered an M and wish I 'd ordered an L . So mind that when you order . Other than that it is really a great product
 I saw the warnings about the sizing and went by the size chart -LRB- since leather does n't stretch ... -RRB- and when i put them on after getting them , they were a perfect fit ! could not be happier !!!!
 I ordered the Extra Large for myself and the XXL for my husband . My husband 's fit perfectly . Mine were a bit large , but they are still workable . We measured as per the instructions given too . The quality of the chaps is very good , especially for the price . I am a little disappointed that the grommets on the belt are already falling off , but perhaps that is because I had to cinch them down so tight . They kept us comfortable on our late spring ride through southern Idaho and Oregon . We are looking forward to getting lots of good use out of them .
 These chaps are longer than they need to be so you can cut them to length . I cut off one snap . I bought mine larger than the sizing chart recommended to keep some slack in the leg to avoid looking like a rancher while I ride . I wear 33 inch waist pants and roughly 33inch inseam , I 'm 6 ft tall.I bought the 2xl and the waist was way too big for me but I got the shoe shop to punch an appropriate hole for my waist size . The hole was almost as close as they would go , any more and the buckle strap would have to be shortened . I honestly would 've been better off with a smaller size . The diameter of the upper thigh is about 1.5 '' larger than the thighs of the jeans I wear , which keeps my boys happy and unrestricted . If you are my size you could probably go with the L or 1xl size depending on your style and such . I just hate restrictive clothing . I would recommend these to anyone looking for a good useable pair of chaps for a great price . I have n't had any hardware issues with mine -LRB- snaps / zippers -RRB- . I have used these for nearly 1500 miles so far.For cold weather in the 40F range I wear fleece , jeans and these chaps and it is comfortable on my fairingless bike .
 These chaps fit very well , and are of very nice quality . I would by from this vendor again , and recommend them to anyone looking for good quality products at a reasonable price .
 These chaps are great ! I was hesitant to order them for my boyfriend because of the issues everyone wrote about as far as the sizing ... I followed what everyone wrote about in the reviews . They fit perfectly . My boyfriend is 6 ' 1 '' , 170 pounds . Tall with skinny legs . The Mediums fit perfectly over his jeans , and were the perfect length . They 're durable and sharp looking . He loves them = -RRB- Definitely a great buy .
 The thickness of the leather is the only down side of this product . I have worn them several times and they have softened up a bit , but I have compared these chaps with others and they are thick . Otherwise I love them .
 These chaps are very nice . The leather is heavy and obviously of good quality . The zippers are heavy and easy to slide . The stitching looks reasonably well done , with a few places of loose looking ends but overall very well done . The lining is nicely stitched and looks good . The buckle , though not extremely heavy duty , is reasonable quality and should last.The size was a bit off for me . I measure my thigh with jeans on at 21 inches . Reading the description , I added 2 sizes to give me room and ordered a medium . They are way too big . Not the company 's fault ... but I want to give folks a better idea of how to order.I ordered the medium
 Best quality at any price . I ca n't believe they 're GIVING THESE AWAY at this price ! Much higher quality than chaps selling for 5 times as much ! Do n't hesitate . Take your measurements and order them right away - before they realize what they selling them for !
 Just the right set I was looking for . I wanted the braided sides , partial lining , and these had them . The lining prevents them from sticking to my jeans like the old pair . They are a bit heavy though , which you get used to quick . My legs are a bit short , so I had them cut `` boot style '' by a friend and they are just right now.Very surprised at how much cold air these stop .
 Good tough leather chaps for riding motorcycles , not like the expensive show chaps . These will give you some protection in a crash . They need to be broken in , a little stiff to start like any protective gear .
 The chaps were in great condition . Will definitely provide protection , and for half the price of what I could buy anywhere else . After reading a couple of reviews -LRB- stating that it may be best to `` jump '' up a size -RRB- , I decided to buy a size larger that what I measured for myself . It turned out to be a bit too large , but the legs can be cut to size , and I can now slide the chaps over my work pants when I ride to and from work.All in all , a good bargain . Even if it does n't fit perfectly , you ca n't go wrong with the price .
 My boyfriend got these chaps for me and they are great . They are high quality for the price and came in good time . I had to trim the bottoms about three inches so if your tall you have no worries cause I am tall too .
 These are fantastic leather chaps.You will hardly find a better deal on quality chaps.Order 2 sizes larger . They look much better than the pictures show .
 These Chaps are A1 ! I compared with chaps in the speciality shops at more than 3x 's the cost . So when I went with these I figured I would be getting a thinner leather and cheap knock off of the more expensive chaps . I was pleasantly surprised to see that these chaps are high in quality and are a full grade cut of leather . I tried them on and the guy from down the steet -LRB- a rider too -RRB- was amazed at the quality and price of the chaps . He wanted the Jafrum info and ordered a set that day !
 These chaps are good quality and well made . I bought these as a gift formy husband . Initially I was wary of purchasing because of the low cost.Since receiving them , however , I am very pleased . My husband was happywith his excellent gift and has worn them many times this cold winter.I am happy with this shopping experience and would recommend and buy fromthis company again .
 I was under pressure because we drew for secret santas this year in my family with a $ 50 limit . On my victoms list was a pair of leather chaps for his bike . I did n't think it was possible until I found this amazing buy . The quality is great and I ca n't wait to see his reaction when he opens his gift . Great buy and I would recomend to anyone looking for this product . It shipped quickly and I have no complaints .
 These are some very nice chaps , heavy duty , for the money . I was leary about getting them for such a good price , but I am VERY happy with the quality of the chaps . Thanks !
 I failed to use the sizing chart and instructions carefully . I contacted Jafrum , followed their recommendation and got it right . Shipments were received ahead of schedule , great customer support and outstanding quality !
 One great pair of leather chaps for the price . They help keep me warm on cold mornings . Slightly difficult to put one . But once you get the hang of it ...
 I had priced at other places ; bike shops ` auctions etc ; I purchasedthese chaps because of the price thinking they be -LRB- all right -RRB- ; was Isurprised ! I have worn them many times and I am pleased to say thatthese chaps as good a quality as any three or four times the price!will purchase other products from this seller . Keep up the good work !!
 Durable , comfortable and true to size ; though waist a little high for me.I liked the product and bought a second for my wife .
 Christmas gift for hubby and he was thrilled when he opened them ! He loves riding his Victory bike and really enjoys these chaps . Great deal , great value , great gift .
 You ca n't beat these chaps . They are well made , thick and fit very well and comfortably . I saw in one of the reviews someone saying these were fake leather but they are absolutely real genuine leather and as thick as the pairs sold under the Harley brand.I love these so much I have gotten them as gifts for my friends and family that ride and they all love them too . My only &#34; complaint &#34; is that they do have a rather unpleasant oder to them when new . This quickly dissipates once aired out but is noticeable when first received . Certainly not a reason not to buy .
 This is the best deal I 've found on almost anything . When you look at value as what you get for for a price , these chaps are at the top of the list . Very good quality - love the look - extremely functional . From fast delivery to excellent product , this was a pleasant buying experience . I would recommend these , and Jafrum , to anyone .
 These chaps are great and the price is unbeatable . They keep you warm on those chilly early morning rides and spray them with water repellent and they keep you dry when it rains . I think that they will protect you if you were to put your bike down . They fit great and are adjustable in the back . I got an XL size so they fit great over any type pants you wear . Great product highly recommended !
 These chaps arrived 3 days after ordering and that was during the Christmas rush without special shipping . These are well made heavy duty chaps . Not what you would expect for the selling price .
 NICE CHAPS ! I DO N'T LIKE RIDING HIGHWAY SPEEDS BECAUSE OF THE CHANCE OF SURVIVING A MISFORTUNE . I WANTED AN EXTRA SKIN AROUND MY LEGS IN CASE OF ROAD BURN . BONES HEAL BUT SKIN DOES N'T COME BACK AS GOOD . THESE ARE MADE OF PRETTY THICK LEATHER . I TRIED EM ON AND WENT OUTSIDE ; AND , IT WAS COLD OUTSIDE . MY LEGS WERE WARM EXCEPT FOR THE BUTTOX WHICH WAS COLD . GOING TO KEEP THAT NASTY WIND FROM CHILLING MY LEGS TOO . THESE SHOULD BE SELLING AT A HIGHER PRICE . I SUPPOSE THE COMPANY HAS N'T MADE A NAME FOR ITSELF YET . KEEP MAKING PRODUCTS LIKE THESE AND THEY WILL.I ordered a size bigger than I thought I was and they could have been looser in the legs . I probably should of gone two sizes bigger , but good enough . Length was an inch too long . Ca n't complain though , these were n't taylor fit chaps , and they were n't expensive . Heavy chaps -LRB- lots of leather -RRB- . Update
 I really like the chaps . Good quality for the price . I did n't give them a 5 because they were a bit long .
 These chaps ae great looking chaps . Of course this time of year we can not use them but my wife likes them . The downside seemed to be being able to put them on easily .
 * Note
 Never owned chaps before ... ordered the size based on measuring instructions provided ... fit perfect ... look great ... feel great ... but even more surprising was the quality of the leather for the price ! Definitely the buy of the century !
 These Chaps are a great buy . The price is good and the quality is good . They fit perfectly if you go by the chart on the site and follow the instruction . Delivery was fast and I 'm very pleased with this purchase .
 I rarely if never provide a review but oftentimes rely on them so thought in this instance I would write one . These chaps are perfection from a quality perspective . The leather is clean , thick and does n't smell at all . The zip out lining is good , warm and does n't bulk up the chaps . Zippers are heavy duty but not obtrusive . . they do zip from the top down so that was a little odd but I actually like it now that I 've used them . The braid is n't chintzy and is sewed on not glued . It matches my jacket nicely , and even the seat on my bike - lol - I 'm a girl and ca n't help liking a put together look :-RRB- Being a female and ordering unisex always makes me leery but these are true to the measurements . I did not have to cut to hem them so for me proportionally they made sense . I 'm 5 ' 8 and weigh 165 and got the mediums - they were perfect albeit tighter on the legs but I work out a lot and my thigh muscles are a tad bigger than most women . What made the order experience great was the speed of shipping which I swear was less than a day. :-RRB- the ONLY reason I gave 4 stars was because I originally considered these on price alone - the ad shows 50 $ but that 's only for the XL . . when I selected the size I needed the price went up . That 's sooo annoying to me . . but got em anyway based on reviews . I was so pleased with the quality just ordered another pair for a friends birthday . . so over all , a great choice for me .
 It was a great purchase , the product is of high quality , as all the products that it commercializes jafrum , already I have bought several previously and continus buying of this one it marks and recommending it widely
 We purchased a pair for my husband and myself and had to return them because we doubted the size chart and ordered a size up from recommended . Do not do this . We reordered and got our second pairs in short time and they fit well . There is a little room in the leg but not much . The shipping was great and the quality is great for the price . I am a size 4 , thigh measures 21.5 at 5 ' 8 '' and the xs is what I got the second time around . The small was way to big and the XS fits with some room . My husband is a 34x36 and the large fit him well . Follow the size chart and you should be fine .
 I was looking for a stylish pair of chaps that kept me warm , looked `` hot '' and did n't cost an arm and a leg ... I was so happy to have ordered these ! I am longer-legged -LRB- 36 '' inseam -RRB- than most people and was afraid that they would be too short as other products I have purchased from other companies ... I was astonished ! They look good , feel good , and go down to the boot ! The price was phenomenal , and the quality excellent ... I would n't hesitate to buy anything from this company . . they shipped fast , were packaged perfect for shipping , and the quality of the item excellent ! Thanks to these chaps , I will have many days of `` wind therapy '' left on the back of a Harley this year ! Ride On !!!
 These chaps are made of good thick leather . They were easy to trim down to my size with just a pair of scissors and they are easy to put on and take off . I did have the zipper catch on the lining a couple of times . I am more careful now to make sure the lining is away from the zipper when I put them on now . They seem to cut down on the wind and cold when I am riding . I have not ridden without them in the cold to compare . I imagine they will offer plenty of protection should I spill . I am happy with my purchase .
 I was looking at these chaps because they were unisex , then I saw that they could be trimmed to length WITHOUT having to hem them afterwards ! Oh yeah , I was sold ! I 've ordered chaps before & they always ran too small . When I ordered these I added an extra inch to the thigh measurement to make sure they would fit . When they arrived they were a little TOO big , so I would say the sizing runs true ! But I 'm very pleased with them & with JAFRUM ! I can hardly wait to try them out !! Thanks JAFRUM !
 I ordered these chaps figuring on having them as a spare set but after recieving them I decided to make the old ones my spares . Nice chaps with good quality , the inside liner has done well at keeping the sweat away from my body and allowing some airflow to keep from overheating .
 Do n't let the inexpensive price fool you ! These are high quality chaps that are just as good as the ones malls sell for $ 250 . Easy to cut to length . I took a chance because they were so cheap , and I 'm thrilled I did ! I saved a ton ! This is the one you are looking for .
 I was looking for a pair of chaps and found these at Amazon . Having been very satisfied with previous items purchased through Jafrum I took a risk ordering these . The price was very low and thought what the heck . I was extremely surprised when I received these chaps . They are of the highest quality as well as fit and I am very satisified . Once again Jafrum THANK YOU for maintaining quality merchandise with excellent pricing .
 These are the first leather chaps I have owned , and frankly the product I received was well ABOVE the expected quality!I am very happy with these , thy are made of sturdy leather , have a nice lining that goes all the way down until about calf height which makes it even more comfortable . For the sizing I would recommend following the seller 's instructions on the Product Description and going one or two sizes above your measure , I measured between 22-23 inches ii the thighs so I ordered them 24 -LRB- Large -RRB- and they fit perfectly . As for their length , they said that one may need to cut them , but once I tried them on they even fit perfectly to my height which is 5 ' 11 ' -LRB- 6 ' 00 '' with Boots on -RRB- and they fit well too , did n't need to cut them at all.I guess my only complain would be the shipping charge which I personally found a bit excessive , but even then the Product Price and Shipping Charge combined were well below the prices of other chaps.In short , I was extremely pleased with the products overall quality , and even more with the sellers diligence -LRB- they arrived way earlier than expected ... even before other orders placed several days before -RRB- I definitely recommend them !
 I ordered these chaps with the hope that they 'd be good enough to use until I was ready to invest more money on something better . So far , they seem well contructed , comfortable and durable . I 'm very happy . I think these will be my riding chaps for a quite a while.I did order one size bigger than my usual I 'm 6 ' 1 '' with a 34 '' inseam . The XXL fit perfectly .
 I buy a lot of stuff on the internet but I have to admit this is perhaps the best bang for my buck ever . I took a chance based on the other buyer reviews I read on the product . In my opinion this is the best way to evaluate a product when purchasing blind on line . The previous buyers were absolutely correct . The quality of the product was spectacular . The leather was of the best quality along with the snaps , zippers , and buckles in all the right places .
 You do n't often get quality for a low price , but these leather chaps are outstanding quality and fit and look great . I ca n't imagine paying $ 100 or more when these are just about as good as any I 've seen . The sizing chart works well . Both my wife and I bought them . We are very pleased with our purchase .
 I am new to motorcycling and I find myself weathering some pretty fierce weather I have been out in two rides with temperatures at 34 and 31 degrees respectivelyon the 34 degree day I did not have my chapsI was cold to the boneI ordered these chaps and on the second ride at 31 degreesI was fine.the chaps did their intended purpose.please follow the instructions for measuringthis is essentialI did as instructed and the pants fit fine.no problems whatsoever.highly recommended
 Got this order in 2 days . Leather is very heavy . Nice lining goes about 3/4 down . Easy to trim . Excellent quality chaps that really block the wind . Highly recommended . For the price these chaps are a no-brainer .
 These CoverKing Custom-Fit seat covers are made from a very sturdy fabric . The fit is reasonable for an after market cover . Installation took about 45 minutes . The covers stay in place and do n't shift.My only problem was that I ordered the covers for a 2010 Frontier . The package arrived labeled for a 2009 Frontier . I contacted CoverKing and they said the seat covers would not fit . Luckily , I know a Nissan engineer . He reported that there were no changes in the front seats from 2009 to 2010 so I installed them . CoverKing needs to get its information straight since I almost sent the covers back .
 I have to admit , I was a bit skeptical of ordering auto parts through Amazon . I was worried that it might not be up to par , or might not get the job done . However , I was impressed by the quality of this part . It seemed to be better put together than the parts that were offered at the traditional car parts chains here in town . It got my car running and has n't failed in over a year . I plan now to use Amazon whenever I have need for auto parts again .
 Shipping like a turtle . It took over 10 days to come . Ordered one from another vendor recently and it took 1 day .
 I purchase this from Direct Auto for my truck , since the moment I installed it was kind of slow bringing the window up , but I did not mind it . About six month later it just failed it would n't move up or down luckily it happened with the window up . I contacted the seller via email explaining the problem and asking them about warranty . To my surprise they actually called me on my phone to apologize for the failure and to let me know that they will be sending a replacement part which I received some days later . This new part is working 100 % , window goes up and down like the other side . I highly recommend this vendor , things will break and some times even arrive broken , but how a vendor stands behind the product they sell really is the important part
 The first regulator I received was not properly inspected by the company I had ordered it from . When it arrived and I tried to install the regulator , it fell apart because the wiring was not properly secured . However , when I reported this to the company , they shipped out another ASAP . Guess what ? The second regulator was not properly put together either . The clamps that hold the regulator to the window were loss and rolling around the bag . Again I notified the company and was told that I could try and fix the unit and if there was any problem they would ship out another ... To make a long story short - I was able to correct the problem of the second regulator and install it without ant further problems . So far the regulator is working perfectly and the assistance I received when I spoke with the company was excellent . It seems that the company does not store the products they sell but have them shipped from their suppliers , so it 's the suppliers that do n't check the merchandise that is shipped .
 Product arrived ahead of delivery estimate and installed as a exact replacement.Tape window in place before removing original regulator . Compared to dealer cost just for the regulator this is a steal . Hoping that this unit will last . . time will tell.99-06 Chevy Silverado Power Window Regulator with Motor Passenger 's Side
 Unit works fine , no problem installing it , better than the original , had problems from the beginning with it . Excellent value
 The product works perfectly . Installation is quick and there are no problems installing it . Price is great compared to others selling the same thing . Very happy with the purchase . Product was packaged very well to avoid damage during shipping .
 Installed on passenger window . I have not had any problems with window . I would recommend this to anyone needing there power window fixed .
 The price of the window regulator , including the shipping , was far below the auto supply stores in my area . Shipping period was satisfactory considering the size of the item . If I had to `` ding '' anything it would be that the replacement assembly was configured differently in that the motor orientation was angled differently . My concerns were dismissed as it did not affect installation or function . Nothing had to be altered . It bolted right in and has been flawless since -LRB- approximately 5 weeks -RRB- . Thanks and I will return for future needs.JT
 I ca n't believe how easy this was ! I found a video on line that went through the process . After watching it a couple of times to make sure I understood every step I went to work . Had the door panel off in a flash , the old regulator out in nothing flat and the new one back in with no trouble . The toughest part was getting the plastic door liner to stay in place and popping the door panel back on - and that was n't very tough , either !
 Way better prices than any parts store or dealership and they always seem to last just as long or longer than originals . 2 thumbs up from me .
 I checked with all the local auto stores for my window regulator and they all wanted 100.00 or more . I checked online with Amazon and found one for 37.00 . Same product as the auto stores ! You cant beat the price . It took about a week to get and 20 min to put it in . Very Happy .
 I bought this Item -LRB- passengers side -RRB- for my 2002 Z-71 Silverado , mine has power everything and switches on door , back in July/2010 and it installed pretty easy . Internet has some good step by step directions with pics , it is a little noisier that the factory motor , but for the savings the noise is a-ok . As of today -LRB- Dec/22/2010 -RRB- it is working fine . The drivers side just died last week and ordered same item from same amazon dealer , item came in 3 days.Installation was same , be prepared to maybe have some fresh Duct Tape on hand , for the re-instll of Moisture/Vapor barrier that you must remove for this project.Tools required are
 Arrived promptly , reasonable price and gets a ton of comments . Perfect fit over my larger ATV and the attached tie down straps eliminate stops to reposition the cover mutiple times when transporting on roadways .
 again not dissappointed thru amazon this is my first year I hav ever ordered online for xmas gifts and boy was i happy that they were delivered as promised
 Fits my '08 Suzuki King Quad with oversized wheels perfectly . Nice thick material for the few summer months I keep the quad outdoors it has protected it well . Keeps off rain and vents excess moisture as well . Only trouble I have with it is that it 's sometimes hard to tell the front from the back , better labeling would be helpful in this regard . Also it 's apparently so cozy that a family of mice felt perfectly comfortable and moved in during a 1 month period I had the machine under wraps . Hmmmm .
 Have had mine for over a year and it 's taken a beating from the sun . It faded a bit but still provides great protection from the elements .
 I decided to buy the K&N filter to improve my car 's performance based on reviews by others . I highly recommend it , it does increase hp . These filters are reputed to be the best you can get but are not cheap . This seller had the best deal available , it was about half the price of High St stores and others online .
 This is simple , get one for your vehicle.Recharge kit is easy to use , and with multiple vehicles you will find you are doing it more often -LRB- better for your car 's performance -RRB- and at no added costs.Have K&N ; in my Harleys , Mercedes , wifes Honda and now my VW Vanagon
 Hi add performance an hp power to my 3.2 190 hp 6 cly BMW Moter . I have three K N My Corvair an my truck
 Installation was a breeze , especially after I ordered the wrong part and was sent back for the correct one , have n't had chance to ride yet , looking forward to it
 They fit perfectly , are quiet , and have wear sensors so you do n't have to do anything to make the dash light stay off.They put off more dust than I would like , but I think there is a compromise with performance . That being said , It 's been a few years since I 've been on a track , so I really do n't put my brakes to a hard test .
 I know very little about aftermarket intakes , but from what I 've read online , and heard from mechanics , all systems are pretty much the same . I purchased an AIRAID b/c they are one of the few makers that have equipment available for the new JK . Installation was fairly easy , although it does take some elbow grease to get everything fitted properly . Total time spent on removing factory intake , and installing AIRAID was bout 45 minutes . The system increased acceleration , specifically in 2nd and 3rd -LRB- I have an automatic -RRB- , which was sorely needed , and the reason for my purchasing an aftermarket intake . Fuel milage improves somewhat , but I would n't pay $ 225 for the increase in fuel milage alone . The best part is that the engine growls when you push the pedal , but is not any more louder than normal when idle or at speed . All in all , I am very pleased . Hope this helps .
 I bought the Airaid for my 09 Jeep so that it could breathe better and yes it does now . Not only better performance but better gas mileage .
 I was able to install it in just under an hour , it was easy step by step instructions . I can definitely feel a power difference , and see the MPG difference . Definitely gives my jeep a deep growl when I lean on it which is nice if you know how bad a JK sounds .
 Easy installation , great fit , and impressive results . My Jeep no longer downshifts on the hills on my daily commute . Follow the instruction EXACTLY and it 's easy . Be sure to loosen the hose clamps all the because they fit snug . Also check the hose clamp on the upper radiator hose at the engine . I had to rotate mine 90 degrees to clear the intake boot . Well worth doing for a JK .
 And roars like 5 seriously ticked off lions ! Bit of a pain to intall but everything is pretty much spec on . I will repost in regards to gas mileage in about a week as miles available per tank and avg mpg on the computer are off . -LRB- 300 + miles but 12mpg -RRB- . It looks seriously awesome and the construction is solid and all seems to be made in USA .
 Directions were easy and it took about 30 minutes to install on my 2009 Jeep JKU . It 's a bit loud and actually drowned out my new magnaflo muffler . Overall , I am happy with this product .
 I purchased this for a new 2010 Wrangler JK 2 Door when it was about 6 months old . The difference was night and day . Airraid claims +14 HP and +24 ft-lbs of torque and I believe that to be accurate , especially with regard to the torque.When installed I was running stock 29 inch tires and I saw my highway MPG increase from 20.5 to 22 MPG . Later on I upgraded to 32-ing BFG mud terrains -LRB- which weigh twice as much as my old 29 's -RRB- and I was still able get 21 MPG highway and about 18.5 combined.A friend of mine purchased a 2012 with the newer pentastar V6 and 5 speed and this air intake allows the older 3.8 pushrod/4 speed , with no other modifications , be within 0.2 seconds of the new pentastar in a 0-60 sprint.I 'm sure the performance increase will be less on the 4-door unlimited due to its extra 350 lbs , but on the flip side , the 4 door would probably benefit the most from the upgrade . Everyone in the Jeep community who chastises the 3.8 for being a dog , drives a 4-door unlimited.I can say from experience , adding this intake to a 3.8 JK 2 door will make this 20 year old pushrod -LRB- bullit proof -RRB- engine feel contemporary .
 The first reviewer seems confused ... This pin does exactly what it 's supposed to do , and it does that WELL . It 's very easy to secure & remove , and does n't fall out like some other pins can . The sides of the pin where the toggle folds are notched so the toggle ca n't accidentally rotate back straight and fall out , and the toggle never comes off to get lost or dropped . If it had a Class V rating and was slightly longer , it would be perfect , but it 's not bad as-is .
 looks great on our bike . this thing shows up great and also is quite different than what is on other bikes .
 I used this on an '05 Ford Escape . First I purchased the 10 '' rear wiper made by Bosch and it had CRUMMY coverage . This one is excellent , MUCH better than the Bosch version which is too bad because the Bosch work great on the front windshield.Next time I will but Motorcraft for the front and rear .
 I have been using K&N filters in my vehicles for over 30 years . The increase in performance has always impressed me , but when I installed this filter in my vehicle I saw the fuel mileage increase approximately 5 % . As gas prices increase , this fuel mileage increase will be a real savings ! Great job , K&N !
 Purchased this for an 06 Ram 2500 CR and was a snap to replace . Looks to be a good part and so far does what its supposed to do .
 How can you say no to a company that has been in this business for eons and knows how to build flow conscious filters for high performance . Not only that you are saving the environment with these long use bad boys . I am a K&N fan .
 Great product realy increase the HP I have one in every one of my cars , this was for Porsche 911 SC 1982Thank you
 I just threw this 71mm Wiseco into my 1974 Suzuki TS250 . Wiseco makes nice stuff and you 'll pay for it . The old Suzuki piston was fine and it was cast . I went with Wiseco because it was only about 20 dollars more than the OEM cast piston . Was it a good decision ? I do n't know . Ask me in 39 years if it lasted as well . The thing I like about Wiseco is their support network . If you have questions you can call them and talk to someone that knows what is going on . The machining tolerances are listed on the box so you know how much to bore your cylinder and what to gap the rings to . I suppose Wiseco does n't need much more of an introduction since everyone knows who they are .
 Worked fine , attached fine , was unable to put a strut tower bar under it though , but thats a problem with the engine moreso . Sounds great .
 I do like the improvement with my SRI . Coupled with new plugs and wires , made my 97 Civic get up to 40mph with driving out of Chicago in traffic . The pic shown for the product is another edition of the SRI but the correct image of the product with a different color can be seen on other 22-413B 's on Amazon.Mounting took a trip to the hardware store to buy some hardware for hanging plumbing because the mounts do n't line up exactly . Turns out I was able to mount it in a very close but better location using the same chassis hole but using a homemade bracket that holds the SRI about 1.5-2 inches higher .
 I recieved to product faster than expected . Great product exactly what I ordered . I would definitely order from this company again .
 I swapped this oxygen sensor into my 6-cylinder 2001 Jeep Wrangler , and it worked like a charm . I had an engine light on , and it was time to swap all 4 oxygen sensors . No more engine light , and everything seems tight as a drum .
 I have ordered about a dozen of these so far and all have done well . great item seems as good as costlier brands
 I buy certain things from the stealership , that is Jeep , when it comes to servicing my vehicle . One of which has always been O2 sensors , but when they tried to charge me $ 100 per sensor I nearly laughed . I found out that NGK is the OEM manufacturer for Jeep and found these to work flawlessly . Thank you Amazon and NGK .
 I ca n't belive that Amazon had this to me in 1 1/2 days ! The sensor is the same as the factory one and perform flawlessly . NGK products are very good quality for not much money !
 Recently installed this and have to say that all the components lined up with the new radiator perfectly . Overall a great purchase .
 If you have Avaya phones with a headset jack and want to eliminate the amplifier box . This is the only cable that will work .
 Works great and cost about 20 times less than Honda or Jeep partsI wished I would have known this when I went to the Hoda dealer
 The fit a little funny at first , but after heating up in the car a few times , they sort of formed to the seats . You ca n't really tell they 're seat covers because they attach under the seat . The color was awesome for my car interior , which is slightly less than dark grey . Unfortunately , because I have leather seats under these seat covers , they make a funky squeaking noise sometimes when the two leathers rub together .
 Looked brand new and installed just fine via the directions , and for the price shipped to the door could n't beat it .
 The seals on the original headlights had broken on my son 's Escape and allowed moisture in behind the lens . Bought this to replace the originals and am very pleased with the quality and fit . Came with everything including bulb . More difficult than it should be to install but this is Ford 's fault not the vendor as you have to remove the entire front bumper cover to get at the lower screws .
 Perfect fit for my 91 S-10 's odd shaped mirror . In my case just applied to old cracked mirror although instructions are included for total replacement . It 's firmly attached with no problems .
 Chances are you already know your position on God , cheese , and peace and quiet if the car in front of you inquires whether you love any or all of the above and requests you to signify your affection by honking your horn . But you might be hesitant when it comes to honking your approval of Isis , so let me provide some background information on this particular Egyptian deity . Isis is a goddess of fertility and motherhood , who is also the feminine archetype for creation . She represents the feminine aspects of creation , rebirth , ascension , intuition , love and compassion . Since she is essential to feminine essence that is part of all of us , even if we did not have the fortune of being born female.The goddess Isis was the first daughter of Geb , god of the Earth , and Nut , the goddess of the Overarching Sky . She was born on the first day between the first years of creation . Because she actually spent time among her people , unlike the other goddesses of the Egyptian pantheon , she was adored by her human followers . She taught women how to grind corn and make bread , to weave cloth and spin flax , and even how to tame men enough that a woman could live with them . She taught her people both agriculture and reading , and was worshipped as the goddess of medicine and wisdom.Isis the moon goddess supplanted Ra the sun god as the most powerful of the Egyptian deities , mainly because she was more caring than he was with regards to the people , but also because she tricked him by mixing his saliva with mud to create a poisonous snake . The snake bit Ra and Isis offered to cure him , but she would have to speak his secret name , which was what gave him his power over life and death . He whispered it to her , she healed him , but then assumed his powers and used them to help the people . Eventually Isis and Osiris had a child , Horus , who became the new Sun God -LRB- if you are male you have probably figured out by now you that the chances of your honking are going to be slim , but if you are not male you can keep reading -RRB- . Although worshipped all over Egypt , Isis was especially venerated in certain cities , although not necessarily by that name -LRB- e.g. , Usert in Thebes , Aat in Heliopolis , Menkhet in Memphis , God-Mother in Coptos , Hert , in Letopolis ; and `` Hent , '' i.e. , `` Queen , '' just about everywhere -RRB- . Isis had many titles , the most common of which would be
 This device was very easy to install and program . It only took 5-10 minutes to install it and connect it to my garage door opener . The keys are also big and you do n't have to pound on them to get them to register a key press .
 This bumper sticker reminds us all of the importance of living one 's life in a righteous way . People should be kinder to each other and if you affix this bumper sticker to the rear of your car maybe more people will get the hint . Moreover , despite the fact that this is a bumper sticker for a car , Amazon correctly notes that you can affix this sticker to your cubicle at work , your door or wherever you feel it will look its best.This water proof sticker measures 10.5 x 1.8 inches ; I recommend that you make very light pencil marks where you want to affix the sticker before removing the paper that covers the adhesive . Once that paper is peeled off you wo n't have much time to put the bumper sticker on using the gluey side of the sticker . You 'll thank yourself for having made light marks on your bumper or wherever you will place this sticker.Overall , this bumper sticker is a keeper ! Get one today and show the world your pride in knowing how to stick to the high road ! We 'll need more people like you ! SMILES
 This thermostat is a few degrees warmer than other thermostats made for the Saturn S-Series , which means the car warms up to running temperature faster and the engine runs more efficiently . This is important in the Northern part of the US where temperatures reach -20 F in Winter .
 This handy tool helped me troubleshoot a low fuel pressure problem causing my Mazda pickup to do little more than just idle . Easy hookup with included hoses and fittings . I used an empty aluminum can to hold the fuel that comes out of the pressure relief valve .
 Instructions need pictures . . though they are easy to install . . took about 20 minutes to install . They are nice looking . . Have yet to have them out for a long ride . . So I will report back after that .
 Chances are you already know your position on God , cheese , and peace and quiet if the car in front of you inquires whether you love any or all of the above and requests you to signify your affection by honking your horn . But you might be hesitant when it comes to honking your approval of Isis , so let me provide some background information on this particular Egyptian deity . Isis is a goddess of fertility and motherhood , who is also the feminine archetype for creation . She represents the feminine aspects of creation , rebirth , ascension , intuition , love and compassion . Since she is essential to feminine essence that is part of all of us , even if we did not have the fortune of being born female.The goddess Isis was the first daughter of Geb , god of the Earth , and Nut , the goddess of the Overarching Sky . She was born on the first day between the first years of creation . Because she actually spent time among her people , unlike the other goddesses of the Egyptian pantheon , she was adored by her human followers . She taught women how to grind corn and make bread , to weave cloth and spin flax , and even how to tame men enough that a woman could live with them . She taught her people both agriculture and reading , and was worshipped as the goddess of medicine and wisdom.Isis the moon goddess supplanted Ra the sun god as the most powerful of the Egyptian deities , mainly because she was more caring than he was with regards to the people , but also because she tricked him by mixing his saliva with mud to create a poisonous snake . The snake bit Ra and Isis offered to cure him , but she would have to speak his secret name , which was what gave him his power over life and death . He whispered it to her , she healed him , but then assumed his powers and used them to help the people . Eventually Isis and Osiris had a child , Horus , who became the new Sun God -LRB- if you are male you have probably figured out by now you that the chances of your honking are going to be slim , but if you are not male you can keep reading -RRB- . Although worshipped all over Egypt , Isis was especially venerated in certain cities , although not necessarily by that name -LRB- e.g. , Usert in Thebes , Aat in Heliopolis , Menkhet in Memphis , God-Mother in Coptos , Hert , in Letopolis ; and `` Hent , '' i.e. , `` Queen , '' just about everywhere -RRB- . Isis had many titles , the most common of which would be
 This is a great product . I install these on my outboard motors . They are strong , fold down for transport and provide good all around illumination . The folding mechinisim is foolproof and never corrodes or gets jammed .
 Description promised no drilling , easy installation . And that 's excatly how it is . It fit my Tahoe perfectly and I had it done in 15 minutes . Looks great and easy install . Do n't hesitate if you 're thinking of this guard
 Very good quality product . It fit my application exactly and has very good look and feel to it . Plus this was cheaper than the local parts house.Best of all it was MADE IN THE USA !! Highly recommended !!
 I have n't actually installed these yet , but wanted to point out that the packaging for this product is terrible . The shoes -LRB- 4 -RRB- are loose in the box so that they bang against each other until the customer receives them . Two of the four shoes I received were damaged . Have n't decided it I 'm going to return them yet as the damage may not be a big enough problem . Essentially , the damage amounts to a corner of one of the shoe pads that had been hit and broken off -LRB- about the size of a penny -RRB- and another shoe pad had been that had been nicked pretty hard on one edge.The main fault lies with the manufacturer in that they should secure the shoes so that they ca n't bang against each other in shipment , but Amazon did n't do much either in that the brake shoe box was loose inside the bigger Amazon box -LRB- the lone air pillow inside was flat , should have been several more -RRB- . I had also purchased some disk brake pads from the same manufacturer in a separate order which , though packaged the same way , managed to make the trip without any real damage.I gave the product 4 stars only because the shoes are supposed to be good . I will add to this review once they have been installed and tested .
 Purchased for our intex metal frame pool -LRB- 12x30 -RRB- . Arrived quickly and works great -LRB- we use 1/2 pack each time -RRB- !
 We use this every week . It is great stuff , it cleans the scum in pool when the auto car can not . I 'm ordering more .
 The product works fine . My pool has been crystal clear while I 've been using it , but it took over a week to receive the product . The shipping was expensive and extremely slow .
 This product worked exactly as it was intended . I am happy with the quality of the product.Definitely worth the money .
 I ordered the air filter for my nephew 's 1993 Honda prelude S model . It was the correct part and fit perfectly . This is exactly what I wanted . Dave
 Bought this for my 97 Suburban , as these lines seem to be a consumable on these vehicles . This is the 3rd line going on a vehicle with 150K miles . Fit is exactly as intended and will find out how long this one lasts . Guess it must be a poor design as I have had to change these lines on several trucks . They usually leak where the aluminum is crimped on the rubber line.Have found that replacing the gasket under the oil filter adaptor may also be in your future if you are looking for these oil lines .
 Great product and great price . Nice addition that will protect the cargo area of an SUV . The raised edges will contain most spills . My first spill occurred shortly after installation . Another great product obtained through an Amazon participating vendor .
 I ordered these after my gas tank fell off -LRB- 5 days before Ford recalled my truck for that purpose ! -RRB- . They are what they are supposed to be . I do wish that they would have come with new bolts , as the ones that were in there were in as poor shape as the original straps were .
 These straps fit well and are good quality . They 're a much better fix for the money than some of the less than safe creative ways of replacing rusted out tank straps .
 Perfect fit in my 97 rav4 . looks as good as factory , good heavy filter media . Solid outer frame and o ring for good seal in air box .
 I like the looks and feel of the cover and am looking forward to trying it on when the car comes back from the paint shop.Limited seams and custom fit with pockets for the mirrors are attractive feature that I missed on the old cover . This one better meets my needs .
 When testing these for the first time , I actually ended up using them . I cornered too hard and ended up dropping the bike , but thanks to the handguard , the brake lever and etc. on the side it fell on were fine.One complaint ; the instructions are pretty non-existent . Has some diagrams , and that 's it .
 These look good and seem much stronger than the original `` handguards '' . Only disappointment is that I mounted these on a 2006 Kawasaki KLR650 and they rub against the OEM front cowling/windshield when the handlebars are turned all the way to either side such as when the bike is parked . I have n't used them long enough to know how much that will annoy me . I agree with the other reviewer that mentioned the lack of clear instructions . Fortunately there are installation videos on youtube to compensate for the lack of instructions included in the package .
 Installation was a little difficult as I removed the welded in nuts in my handle bar ends to install them . Could have just screwed them into the existing nuts if I retaped them.The mounting brackets fit nicely and only had to tweek the brace a little to get a perfect fit.They saved my hand once already on a panic stop where I dumped the bike to avoid a road washout . No damage to clutch handle or my hand . Just slightly rotated the handguard.All in all a very good product and recommend it to others .
 Much lighter then the stock flywheel and I like the fact that it does n't have to be resurfaced when replacing the clutch . You just have to replace the contact surface .
 I bought this for a budget rebuild . It 's supposed to be a stock grind , so there 's not much to report for `` performance '' . Time will tell , but I 'm sure it probably wo n't go flat any time soon .
 When testing these for the first time , I actually ended up using them . I cornered too hard and ended up dropping the bike , but thanks to the handguard , the brake lever and etc. on the side it fell on were fine.One complaint ; the instructions are pretty non-existent . Has some diagrams , and that 's it .
 These look good and seem much stronger than the original `` handguards '' . Only disappointment is that I mounted these on a 2006 Kawasaki KLR650 and they rub against the OEM front cowling/windshield when the handlebars are turned all the way to either side such as when the bike is parked . I have n't used them long enough to know how much that will annoy me . I agree with the other reviewer that mentioned the lack of clear instructions . Fortunately there are installation videos on youtube to compensate for the lack of instructions included in the package .
 Installation was a little difficult as I removed the welded in nuts in my handle bar ends to install them . Could have just screwed them into the existing nuts if I retaped them.The mounting brackets fit nicely and only had to tweek the brace a little to get a perfect fit.They saved my hand once already on a panic stop where I dumped the bike to avoid a road washout . No damage to clutch handle or my hand . Just slightly rotated the handguard.All in all a very good product and recommend it to others .
 This was the part I needed but it was n't the right fit for my vehicle . I have a 4 cylinder and ordered the part for a 6 cylinder .
 Purchased this kit as an alternative to a spare tire and rim &#62; $ 500-700 . Continental tires are fantastic and now I have a compact solution and sense of security . Well worth it and much cheaper than purchasing the same kit through BMW directly .
 This is a must for BMW owners who have moved away from those awful run flat -LRB- run craps -RRB- tyres . After all , even BMW is now installing Michelin PSS tyres on their performance models . The goo is a latex solution that washes out if you get a flat . The last thing you want is some gunk that congeals in the tyre and can not be removed , thus making your tyre useless and raises the need for a new tyre . That is the problem with runflats ... you can drive on them for up to 100 kms , but they can not be repaired .
 ste producto le quedo como anillo al dedo a mi camioneta estoy muy satisfecho por el , excelente calidad al menor precio .
 Really happy with the floor mats so far . They fit perfectly and do not slide around . The color is a excellent factory match .
 The price was competitive . I it cams on time . I love K&N filters I have them on all my cars . I got better MPG and a few more horse power with this filter . K&N nothing comes close .
 The original owner replaced the stock airbox in my 1990 Mustang GT with a cone filter . I found a stock airbox on ebay and installed this K&N ... much cooler air to the intake , and a filter that lasts virtually forever .
 Filter for 1990 Fox Body Ford Mustang . There is much debate on this filter with the screens removed from the factory airbox and MAF , being as flow worthy as the bbk or other cold air . BBK and others like to publish 15 + HP GAINS to lure you into purchasing these cold air kits . I am not denying or inforcing my thought but looking at big picture , you have to factor in heat soak , and usable RPM range . On a naturally aspirated daily driver am I really gon na rev to 6,000 rpm 's on a regular basis to get that 15hp . NO I am not . There are many Ford scientists , not just shade tree mechanics , that do hours of R&D in production of cars , not just safety but big picture mechanical/reliability engineering . I could see benifit in replacing the elbow MAF back but MAF forward in my opinion is not needed . Why continue to buy wix or fram throughout the life span of your car , buy the filter and the recharge kit and be done with it . Just my .02 cents .
 I HAVE USED THEIR PRODUCTS FOR OVER 10 YEARS THEY ARE THE BEST
 This gauge works fine with the aftermarket fuel sender in the tank of my '67 442 . Usual Auto Meter quality as well .
 I did n't believe the `` Does this product fit your car '' part of the website , as I have purchased wipers before , and the compatibility guide on Amazon was wrong . Anyway , the pads fit perfectly my car Audi A4 -LRB- B6 -RRB- and so far do not make any annoying sounds ... Stopping power is better than on my OE rear pads , but this is only the 3rd day of driving on them .
 Not much you can say about a K&N fiter , they have been around for years , and yes , they work . This one fit my 1986 Corvette perfectly , and was $ 20 cheaper than the local auto parts store , so whats not to like , plus , made in America !!
 This is the fourth vehicle I 've bought a K&N for . This one is for my motorhome with an 8.1 liter GM gasoline engine . Even if it does not improve performance or mileage , I buy them to protect my investment .
 Purchased for gas motorhome to improve gas efficiency . Actually gained a little , but I can really notice an improvement in performance . It 's a K&N , need I say any more ? It 's the last filter I 'll need to buy . Pays for itself over the long haul .
 I always suffered from the footpegs ... . wearing heavy safety boots on long rides makes my foot tingle and my knees/ankles sore because I have to support the heavy boots with them.The cobra floorboards are big enough to accommodate my size 13 boots and make me feel comfortable , they also look so nice : -RRB-
 I do n't know how I ever rode before I owned these . The floorboards relieve a lot of pressure from my foot/ankle which was causing me pain on longer rides . I would give this product 5 stars but there are two minor problems I ran into . First , the powder coat on these were a little thick . While trying to install them I had a hard time getting the screws to fit into the threads . This was most apparent trying to get the screw for the shifter into place . Second , mine get a slight vibration in them once I start going around 65mph and higher . It can cause slight discomfort if you maintain this speed and get the vibration for a long enough time .
 I 've purchased from these guys twice now and have been very happy with their speed of delivery and price . I think they may have had some problems early on , but seem to have them resolved now .
 Very easy to install and works as advertised . Have n't tried to operate it from further than 30 feet , but have n't had the need to do so .
 Filter fitted perfectly and had great packaging . Consider buying this one . Its worth it . International shipment and billing was ok .
 Another well made K&N that does its job and saves me money . A perfect fitting , direct factory replacement for my little commuter car . You could hear the car breathing better from the get . I have put K&N air filters on absolutely every vehicle I have owned for the last 17 years . From 4X4s to commuters to street & dirt bikes to a dune buggy . Only exceptions have been company cars or A.M.C. 's -LRB- Ai n't My Car -RRB- . Some people think it 's overkill , but if you plan to have your vehicle for any reasonable length of time , do some research and shop around , get the proper application #s , and you will not be sorry . Depending on the application , you may not notice huge improvements in performance or mileage , but keep it clean and freshly oiled at reasonable mileage intervals , and you will save money . I know their are are well made aftermarket re-usable air filters out there , but K&N has done right by me . I know it sounds like K&N sponsors me but this is a subject I have done quite a bit of research on . Do your research , shop around , but I have ended up ordering my last 3 K&N 's + 1 for my father from Amazon . That 's 4 million miles of warranty .
 I ordered this filter to replace the old fashioned paper filter in my 94 bronco 5.8 liter.I have always been a fan of k & n ; products and I wanted to upgrade the air intake on my vehicle . I was torn as to whether or not I wanted just a drop in filter or pony up another 190.00 for the entire intake kit , but , the general consensus is that on these vehicles the drop in is actually better due to the factory intake having the cold air inlet routed under the hood . Sure with the intake kit you would have the advantage of breather more air in , but , it would be hot engine bay air.I 've had an intake on my mustang and it made a night and day difference . I 've had k & n ; drop ins in a few other vehicles and it didnt seem to do much but the combination on my bronco has made a big difference because now it can breathe easier and has the advantage of still taking in cooler air.I 've seen better throttle response in combination with taking off one of my cats and replacing the stock muffler with a flowmaster . Additionally , I am happy to report that the engine is running more efficiently and while it 's not much I am getting .2 mpg better in my bronco that only gets about 14 highway to begin with . This filter will truly pay for itself In the long run .
 I have K&N filters in all of my cars . This one dropped in perfectly into my 91 Bronco 's airbox , I do n't know if I really gained any power , but I do know I needed a new filter and now I have one .
 After replacing several filters , decided to installed this type pf washable filter . I do n't have lots of mileage as of yet , but I did notice improved performance and pickup . Hoping to get many years till the car dies . .
 The filter fit perfect for my 89 Bronco and I received it super quick . I love K&N Air Filters I have put them into all my cars .
 I placed this filter in my 1993 Ford F-150 . With the exception of having to oil the filter , it was just like any other filter installation . I did n't notice power gain or loss . Before and after gas mileage measurement showed a 2 % improvement . At todays gas prices this amounts to $ .96 saved per 16 gallons . This filter will pay for itself quickly on a frequently driven vehicle . I 'll be buying these for my other vehicles.My mechanic does caution not to over oil the filter , as this will result in it collecting to much debris , and hurting engine performance.If you keep your vehicles for more than a few years these filters pencil out favorably . Improved mileage , no more filters to replace and potential power gains . Seems like a win to me .
 The K&N filter was protected by an outer box with packing around the retail box contained inside . There was no damage to the filter and the filter was exactly as described in the product description . The shipment was on time and I was notified when and how it was shipped via email . I would by from DotComParts again .
 It 's fashionable to have a K&N Filter . I do n't know if it does what is purported , and I have no way of proving it does n't . Ergo , I can at least rest easily knowing I am trying to give my 460 BB Ford the air it needs . I honestly ca n't discern any change in performance or gas mileage .
 Have purchased numerous filters of this brand before for various vehicles we 've owned , and have been completely satisfied with them -- I was especially happy with the price this one was purchased for as well as the free shipping ----- JP
 What more do you need ? After inputting my vehicle info , Amazon recommended the right size filter , I picked the cheapest one and it got here quickly . It helps if you know what your filters look like just to be sure . Simple , so five stars it is .
 The problem with this order is it is split bolts , blade mount come from some other source so they take there timethis slows down progress
 This K & N Filter was a perfect fit , and has improved the performance and gas mileage on my 1991 Olds Ciera.Definately recommend .
 This filter is a couple bucks cheaper than most auto parts store sold air filter and fits my Lexus LS430 as expected . I 'm also trying a similar filterACDelco A2969C Air Filterfor this year 's 2013 filter change . Check out my free how to video on YouTube to see how easy it is to change your Lexus air filter , by FunkyMechanic -LSB- search for `` ls430 2001 air filter replacement '' -RSB- . Enjoy .
 They 're all finicky , none of them read well above 90 % , especially if the temperature is above 80 degF . It 's just the nature of the beast ... We also have two different multi-thousand dollar RH meters and this one was just as reliable as they are ... not very ... but I 'm happy and so are our other engineers !
 Contrary to what it states on Amazon , this filter DOES fit an 06 Rabbit -LRB- 2.6 L engine , PZEV -RRB- . It is made in POLAND and compared to Mann Evotop HU719/6x oil filter , it seems to be of higher quality . The spacing of the filter ridges is almost half that of the Mann filter -LRB- 1 to 1.5 mm vs 2mm -RRB- which basically means the WIX product has a larger filtering surface . It could also mean it 's more restrictive to oil flow , but I do n't really think that 's the case since I 've seen home-made filters with toilet paper rolls work just fine -LRB- actually a LOT better -RRB- . It does come with a gasket as pictured .
 This Jack is very well made and provides great air cooling on hot days and long trips . Need the liner for cooler weather .
 Well it looks good and covers up the cracks and scratches . Easy to install and high quality fit . Would recommended highly . One quick note took FOREVER to ship ...
 Great light that is quite bright . Works best with vehicle high beams and will definitely light up a large area in front of you for quite a distance
 Obvious five stars its K&N got this for my explorer did exactly what its suppose to do better air flow , better mileage , and reusable . Simply the best . *****
 I really like K&N Air Filters . I believe they are worth whatever amount is being charged . They can be rinsed and reused . I have a friend who has 2 , because he can rinse one and use the other while he is waiting for the first one to dry . I would recommend this product to anyone , but especially to guys and gals who like 4-wheel driving . My boyfriend likes his 4X4 , so I figured this would be a great investment , so we do n't have to replace air filters so often .
 I like the idea of being able to service or recondition and reuse things . It 's such a waste to have to throw stuff out and buy new and that 's one of the reasons I decided on a K&N element . The other is that it 's a little difficult to replace the element on this car , so it does n't get changed often enough or even looked at . I need noticeably less pedal at cruise now but do n't know if it 's because of the K&N or because the old element was so dirty . Anyway , it 's a well made , durable feeling unit and i 'm happy with it and got the best price on Amazon .
 My son wanted me to purchase this for his Sable . He put it in right away and said it was very easy to install .
 Compaired these to a popular brand Reese that was similar , however I returned them to the store because the Amazon clip on mirrors looked better & worked well on our trip . The only negitive is to be carefuladjusting the stiff mirror surface .
 The mirror was easy to mount and unmount from the existing mirror on a Ford Ranger . It did have some vibration as traveling . It gave the image behind clearly and made the trips safer . Would reco to all .
 I have a 2001 Dodge Dakota SPORT , with the oddball-sized factory SPORT mirrors . There seems to be NO after-market towing mirrors made specifically for this model , and the other `` Universal Mount '' towing mirrors I found were either cumbersome or really funky looking.This mirror fits well , looks good , goes on and comes off quickly and easily , and mounts solidly and securely . They are highly adjustable , and should fit just about ANY application . For the PRICE , looks and performance , I would suggest them over more expensive custom-fits . I had previously ordered a set of CIBA towing mirrors -LRB- that did not fit -RRB- , and I find that the mounting system they used did not appear near as simple or secure as this model.I did order an extra set of straps for each of the two mirrors I purchased ; the only weak link appears to be the rubber straps . They are solid enough new , but with age and use I expect them to deteriorate . Also , if I manage to `` clip '' something with these towing mirrors , I expect that they will just bust the straps and pop off , leaving my original mirrors and vehical unscathed.Feel confident in ordering this product , it IS what you are looking for !
 Excelente producto , el repuesto es el indicado por el vendedor para mi vr6 , llego todo completo en el tiempo indicado . gracias
 I bought this item to replace an aem 3.5 bar sensor in my car . It works great and was easy to install . My only issue is that the pigtail -LRB- electrical plug -RRB- comes in pieces and requires you to provide the wire and crimp very small connectors . I also soldered mine for a better connection . Not everyone is going to be prepared to crimp the small style wire ends that came with it or solder them on . The product page only states `` Mating connector and 12 '' leads included -LRB- sensors -RRB- when applicable '' and it shows a picture of a pigtail with wiring . In this case it is not and should be changed in the description and photo .
 I used the Meguiars Ultimate quick detailer on my car after it was washed . It had an instant glaze . Its very easy to use . I have used many other waxing techniques which takes hours - which is not recommended if you are in a hurry . I highly recommend this product . I have tried using many other products but I have this one the best .
 Meguiar 's Ultimate is a fantastic product . Each car I have used it on , looks brand new when I am done . It 's so easy and fast to apply and the shine is awesome ! I highly recommend this product !
 Yes it does excellent job giving the car that nice deep , wet look . But I also found out today that it can be used to remove tree sap . Spray it generously , rub it with microfiber towel , turn to the dry side of the towel and rub it again . Tree sap all over the hood gone in less than 5 minutes -LRB- surface was warm -RRB- . Awesome product .
 I used this product on my new black SUV . We all know how hard it is to keep black clean/shiny . It worked very well at making my vehicle shiny but I just do n't think it 's the `` wonder '' product that most people describe in their reviews here . I followed the directions & even bought the Meguiars X3080 even coat applicators listed on this page . I guess I should have bought the bigger micro fiber towels because my arm started to cramp up after a while but I guess live & learn . As far as repelling water it still left rain stains on my vehicle but I must admit it was pouring pretty hard . It 's still a good product but I suggest you buy the bigger micro fiber towels & you must follow the directions & leave it sit for a good 12 hours to work properly , kind of a con to me . To be honest I have the original California Car Duster -LRB- you can buy it here on Amazon -RRB- & I think it works better than this -LRB- or just as well -RRB- & you do n't need to wait 12 hours for the product to properly `` cure '' .
 This Quick Detailer is great for added protection and shine in between waxing . It also works great for quick removal of road debris like dead bugs or bird droppings . You can technically use it in a pinch to clean your car , but I recommend against it for a couple reasons ... It 's very difficult to clean an entire car you 'll end up smearing dirt around instead , more importantly you 're more likely to cause minor scratches like swirling marks by doing this . So what 's it great for ? Well unless you have a show car , most people Wax/Seal their car 2-3 times a year . In between the Wax/Sealing you 'll wash your car as needed . And that 's where the Ultimate Quick Detailer comes in . Modern Car Wash is designed to remove the least amount of Wax as possible ... but the wax is alway losing it 's effectiveness over time and after each wash . If you use this product right after washing , you 'll replenish some of that wax protection lost during washing and also restore some shine . Not only that , if you do it after Washing there 's no chance of smearing dirt around , so no swirl marks.The prodcut itself smells very good , I 'm not exactly sure what 's in it but it tends to make using it a little more enjoyable . It leaves a nice shine to your paint and leaves the surface slippery smooth . The wax protection DOES work , I 've driven in the rain after using it and the water does bead off the car nicely.Muguiar 's Ultimate Quick Detailer is a great product , but should not be used as a replacement for Wash/Sealant/Waxing . However , as an inbetween preventative , it gives you some peace of mind between Waxing/Sealing/Washing . I 've tried a couple Quick Detailers and this was easily the best . With regular washing , bi-annual Sealant/Wax , and Quick Detailer ... there 's no reason your car ca n't still look brand new 10 years from now .
 When used with the Ultimate Quik Wax , your car stays looking good as new every time ! Removes dust and other smudges instantly ! Just as easy to apply as the Ultimate Quik Wax . Professional results in just minutes at the fraction of the cost of professional detailing ! It enhances the Wax 's protection so you 'll know that your car not only shines but is also protected from the harmful elements .
 I would recommend this detailer to keep you vehicles spotless . I have a black truck and it 's a must .
 This helps to keep your vehicle looking great between waxes also washes . It seems that my black truck can go longer between washes with this . Seems like the dirt does not stick .
 I am on my original detail srpray . I use it inside and out , glass and paint . A very good product .
 I 'm not a big believer in the expression `` Quick and Easy '' but honestly that does apply to this spray on , spread and wipe off car detailer . Let 's be clear ... this is n't a polish and it is n't a wax . Those are much more work but you will be rewarded with a more `` professional job '' which will last longer and , no doubt , protect your finish longer.But if you have a good finish on your vehicle a present and are looking for a nice shine which will bead up well through several rains this is highly recommended . I have done my Honda Civic coupe twice and my 2003 GMC pickup truck -LRB- with a fiberglas cap -RRB- once using just one bottle -LRB- about $ 9.00 cost -RRB- of this product.I used the recommended microfiber cloth to spread the product and a regular terry cloth towell to buff the finish . I followed the directions
 After buying this product at walmart , I quickly went home to try it out . I read the back of the bottle first for directions . While reading through the directions I have noticed it said nothing about applying it to a clean dry car . My car had a few water spots on it . I sprayed the detailer liberaly on the surface of the paint . I then used a microfiber cloth to wipe off the excess spray . After I have finished with the whole car , The car looked like it was just washed . Keep in mind that i only used about 1/5 of the bottle . This is a nice product to clean/wash your car quickly without the need of soap and water !!! It also brought extreme water beading to my car 's paint !
 This is the class of the liquid detailer field . Try it on a dark colored , washed , car that has some wax ; it will blow the doors off Mother 's similar product and wipe out the other Meguiar 's detailers . I ca n't confirm that the `` hydrophobic polymers '' really prolong the effect of waxing , but the immediate mirror-like gloss is good enough .
 This detailer spray works just fine on my well polished GTO ... Cleans up oily smudges like hand prints and leaves an excellent shine behind . But for my money . it 's not really any better than Meguiar 's Quik Detailer Mist & Wipe -LRB- that 's the one in the red bottle -RRB- , which is available in a larger size and is a much better value . Both are terrific products .
 Nothing works better than this when you do n't have the time to do a complete detailing . Ultimate Quick Detailer shines your car up to a wax like finish.This also works great if you are going to use a clay bar !
 Love this stuff . Use it after each wash . Extends the life of the wax job and leaves it just as smooth as when you thourghly waxed it .
 This has been a time saver ! The application is easy and bring out the shine that makes my car look like it was just washed . I 've used quik detailer before and I appreciate the fact that when it 's hard to remove , you know it 's time to wax and protect the car again . I do n't think I 'll ever use another product quick cleanup on my car .
 While I use Meguiar 's Gold for major waxing , this product is used while you dry the vehicle . It keeps a great shine between major wax jobs , is easy to use
 I first used this on a 1 year old vehicle yet to be waxed . I was amazed how long the finish beaded after a single application . Now I use this between wax/polishing jobs , maybe every third car wash to keep up the paint protection . It really does work exactly like it states on the package ; smells good too !
 Have the quick wax also so after washing I either grab this or the wax and keep the buggy sparkling ----- you can not go wrong if you pride yourself on keeping you rides shinny .
 This is a great product for items like computer case or all products in your home . Stops almost all dust collecting on items . This contains no silicone and is safe for all surfaces . Also safe for tv and computer monitor screens.rlw
 I love this quick mist detailer . It leaves the surface with a just waxed feel . It might sound weird but the thing I like the most about it is the smell . It smells so dang good !
 I bought this product to use on a 2004 clk 320 mercedes , and purchased it at a big box retailer based on meguiar 's reputation . I am VERY pleased with the performance of this product , easy and quick to use and makes water bead like crazy and makes dusting of surface of paint sooo easy . It will be in my garage from now on and I have used it on a 10 year old Infinity , and 6 year old seqouia with remarkable results on each . Well worth the cost .
 This stuff is amazing this is my third bottle of this product and I have to say it is the best quick detailer , in between washes this product brings the mirror like shine right back to where it should be .
 Very nice quality product . Used for my brand new Beemer . Worked great . I will stick with product .
 I have bought most of my products from a detailer website and wanted to give a slightly cheaper alternative a chance . After reading all of the reviews here I felt confident in buying this instead of spending $ 13 on my other detail spray I have been using . This product smells like Windex , not as great as others are raving about , and when wiping does not feel as smooth as others have reported.The microfiber towel does not glide across it when dry , and instead grips the towel causing it to unfold -LRB- I like to fold the microfiber towel twice before wiping and it should glide effortlessly -RRB- . I am disappointed due to the other raving reviews BUT will continue to purchase as it is a cheap alternative to other superior solutions.I use it now to clean bird poop on my car and when I clay bar the car since its cheap.For the price I 'll give it 4 stars .
 Spray on , let dry a moment and buff . Sure beats a day with wax and polish . Great for routine finish care .
 If you 're just beginning to take car of your car , there are some products you should look for first . Then you came back here and buy this to extend the protection that you get from your wax.It 's a very good product , with the scent of those other Meguiars products , easy to apply and to get a very good finish in your car .
 This product was so good I just had to review . I just purchased a 2013 Lexus ES350 in black -LRB- hard to maintain ! -RRB- so I bought some of this Meguiar 's product to help me keep its luster . If it is not too dirty I can take it to a high pressure wash station and simply work the high pressure hose with a lambswool mit to get the car clean . When I get it home I spend no more than 20 minutes working this product over the entire exterior and it looks absolutely stunning . This is my once a week routine . Use one microfiber cloth to wipe the initial spray and then a second , dry microfiber to do the final polish . It goes on so easy and works so easy it literally takes me only 15 to 20 minutes to do the entire care . Works incredibly well on rain spots too . A MUST for a black car .
 I live in New England and am constantly at battle with the elements . I need a detailer to protect and clean my car 's exterior in-between waxes and this baby does the trick . She goes on clean and wipes off easily . The detailer holds well , I 've been going strong on 3 weeks without reapplication . I definitely think that for 9-10 dollars a pop , the Ultimate Quik detailer is king of the land . How a man treats his car is a good indicator of how he treats himself , so go ahead - treat yourself . You deserve it .
 One thing in my arsenal of car care products I DID N'T have was a specific quick detailing spray that was n't used for the clay bars I have . So I decided to get the Ultimate Quick Detailer and try it out . I seriously ca n't believe I never used this stuff before . It made removing light dust and detailing the whole car almost effortless , took maybe 10 minutes tops . My car has just been completely washed , detailed with a Porter Cable 7424XP and completely waxed , and the UQD boosted the shine . I think when I wash my car each week , some of this stuff is going to follow immediately after to boost the shine and protection of the wax . My bottle probably is n't even half gone and I already want to get more !
 I was handed a 2006 Cadillac SRX by My Dad , the paint color was ` GM Dark Ming Blue ' , It was stunning but had a TON of swirls , so after I corrected the paint , It sat two days unprotected so in our dusty environment it gathered a light coat of dust . Perfect to test out this product ! So I followed the instructions and applied and buffed with microfiber towels , the car was clean and no swirls or scratches imparted . I did n't notice any depth in color or change , so I followed it up with Ultimate Quik Wax , the surface was slick , which was excellent.So the next day morning when I went to drive , I was like ` damn ' , The car appeared darker and shiny . Alot of people were looking , where as before I got a few glances because where I live there are a few first gen SRX 's . So when using this product the result will be more obvious on darker colors when the sun is up.I now use this product daily to clear up the light dust my car collects .
 I just bought a 2012 black granite chevy cruze . Its not the best looking but it has a nice paint job so i want to keep it nice being OCD and all . I went out and droped thousands into car care products after countless days of researching proper technique and system from wash to paint correction and everything between . Thus far i will have used 2 high end quick detailers -LRB- 5k miles on the car so far -RRB- . The 2 products ive used are first `` speed shine '' from Griots Garage . Now i stuck with this speed shine for a couple months and it took some getting used to . Was very sticky and alot of work -LRB- more wipes than i like to do on my paint -RRB- . Finished it looked good but more than likely hurt more than it helped . Now that ive got the maguires ultimate QD i used it for the first time today . Instantly i was impressed , It took alot less product to cover more area , much easyer and faster to work , and actually looked better . Hands down the best QD on the market . Now for those of you who are not familiar with proper QD technique . This particular QD made by maguires is made to use EVERY DAY . Invest in 6-8 recommended MF towels and wash them daily and air dry them . If you are just driveing on state roads and not dirt and gravel/mud to and from work , when you get home get 2 MF towels -LRB- 1 for clean and 1 for dry -RRB- , spray a dirty panel -LRB- if a big panel do little bits at a time -RRB- wipe the dirt off in one direction lifting while you wipe , repeat the wipe to ensure panel clean , then dry/buff clean area with dry towel . If you wash your car 1 time a week then use this QD product daily between the washes on just the front area , side mirrors , hood , and front corner panels , your car will always look fresh and detailed . Dont forget to polish couple times per year and wax 2-3 times per year properly , black cars polish and wax every 3-4 months . Also do alot of research as i did and you will see other things you can do to add protection to your cars paint such as sealents and clear bras ... . There is a proper system and technique with every different type of product and if you always want to have a flawless looking car then you have to know it well and invest the time into hands on learning it . Anyways the maguires ultimate quick detail is the definate ticket for the guy like me out there who will spend 2 hours a day if nesicary to keep his car flawless . This stuff is a miricle .
 I have used almost a whole bottle of this product and am really happy with it . I waxed my car with the Tech Wax by Mequiar 's . This product goes on and buffs out clear very easily . I also use this on my windows and find it fantastic . I used it to buff out RainX after putting a heavy coat of RainX on all my windows . This product buffs out clear and can be seen in videos I made and posted to YouTube under windowashin user name . I was really impressed with how clear my windows are in these videos . I clean windows for a living and am very meticulous for my customers , so if I am impressed with a product , you know it must be very good ! Enjoy . Steven Brick , Wind O ' Washin '
 In city life you can not get around to washing your car as often as you would like . That is , if you are a car nut ... Besides , water usage has become a big issue.In combination with the Quick Wax , I can keep my car 's showroom looks without washing and further waxing . However , you need to properly clean and wax the car before you try to maintain this way . I went through a complete cleaning and waxing of the finish with Mequiars products and my orbital buffer before using the Quick products . Once I did that the Quick Detailer and Wax maintained the finish without washing.I was concerned that you are removing contaminants that you would normally wash off with lots of water so as not to scratch the paint finish . But no need to worry because the Quick Detailer is a lubricating compound that slides easily and safely . Make sure you have good microfiber cloths as the detailer will be transferring dust and dirt off the car into your cloth . You need the high nap in the cloth to catch the particles so as not to rub them into the finish .
 I own a Black Lexus IS300 as a daily driver . Now , if you own a black car , you know how hard it is to maintain the mirror gloss of the factory paint job . One day after washing the car , the paint is already a magnet to all the elements out there . I bought the item yesterday and applied it the same evening . The gloss and lubricity the detailer has is impressive . After applying it , i glided my finger across the panels to find that it felt like the car was freshly waxed . It states on the bottle that it needs 12 hour of `` curing '' time to reach its max efficiency . I have not tested out the `` hydrophobic polymers '' , but i shall be doing so very soon . I highly recommend this product to carry in the trunk , as i do . It also has a nice fragrance ; probably familiar to you if you 've ever used the Meguiar 's NXT liquid wax . I especially recommend it , if you have a black or dark colored vehicle . It will definitely make your car stand out even more .
 WOW!I think it has been 4 weeks since I 've waxed my truck but you could n't tell that this morning . It looked like I 'd just spent hours putting a couple of coats of wax on it.I have an extended cab Ford F150 . It has lots of surface area - sheesh there is a lot of surface area ! I looked at the clock on the radio and got started . I read the propaganda about doing a `` full size '' car in 10 minutes and thought ` yeah , right ' . You do n't get any fuller sized than the current F150 's with side panels like milk trucks . I figured I 'd be a half an hour minimum . Well . It took me 15 minutes , or 14 and some seconds . -LRB- !!! -RRB- . Quick . Yes . Stunning ? A resounding YES ! It really is eye-popping good . I 'm not sure it looked this good right after I waxed.As to the slickness of the surface ... I work at a concrete plant and this jerk co-worker managed to intentionally splash the side of the truck with some concrete-ish muddy slime stuff . If you are familiar with the industry , he 'd just backflushed and he slung his chute around and doused my truck with the wet sedimentary residue stuff . I just rinsed it off . It does n't look like it ever happened ! I had some muddy stuff on the wheel wells from first thing in the morning and I rinsed that away with some gentle hand action after it sat in the lot for about 12 hours and it was very hot and sunny today . No problem , rinsed right off .10 bucks - worth it at twice the price . Get it , you 'll love it . Be sure to use a good quality microfiber towel - Cobra Miracle Towel 6 Pack *** NEW *** These towels really are excellent.Darin
 For the price , you will not get a better quick detailer , nor a better investment to protect your car paint . For me , `` quick detailers '' were a little confusing in their use and purpose . So for those of you who do n't know , they are meant to be used for two basic purposes :1 -RRB- To protect your car 's clear coat/paint . Ideally you use this between waxing to maintain both the glossy newly waxed look as well as protection from the elements . The hydrophobic properties -LRB- water beading -RRB- serve as a visual reminder of that protection . It 's not as good protection as a full waxing and it does n't last as long , but again , it 's effective to prolong wax protection .2 -RRB- Act as a cleaning agent . This detailer can be used to get rid of a variety of stains . I personally have used it to get rid of everything from caked in bird droppings on the hood to road splatter near my wheels.For me , I use it as a protectant only for touch ups on certain areas or after I clean up a stain . I do n't really use it on my entire car as a `` pseudo wax '' . The simple reason is that for you to safely do that , you really need to fully wash your car beforehand . Otherwise , without a hose and car soap , you risk actually scratching your clear coat with all the dirt/debris while you apply this detailer . And if you wash your car , then it 's just not that much more difficult/time consuming to apply a wax right after -LRB- vs using this detailer -RRB- , which is better protection anyways . Although one time saving is that in waxing you need to buff out your car after applying it , which can take some effort to do properly whereas you do not with this detailer . If you do wind up applying this on large areas of your car , just remember that you should try to keep it dry for 12 hours for the detailer to fully cure to maximum protection.However , as a cleaning/protectant for spot stains this is indispensible . It 's extremely effective and I always keep a bottle of this in my trunk because you never know when a bird is going to do its business on your car and you need to get those type of stains out as quickly as possible before they corrode your clear coat.Hope that helps !
 I 've been using Meguiar 's Ultimate Quick Detailer on my car for the last 6 weeks . The results are as promised . High shine , excellent water beading - truly repels water leaving less on car surfaces after a rain or washing which makes your drying time faster.I used Meguiar 's NXT wax first and then have followed up with Quick Detailer as needed.Biggest `` pro '' I can think of is that it does not leave white residue anywhere on car.Biggest `` con '' I can think of is that you really have to follow the directions for the product to work . One must do only one section at a time , spreading product before it dries and then turning cloth -LRB- I use a separate microfiber cloth -RRB- to finish drying.Overall I am highly satisfied with the product and find that it not only repels water , but makes removing bugs and road tar from painted surfaces much , much easier.Highly recommended !
 This is the perfect product to use when you just washed the car two days ago and a bird decides to leave a deposit on your car , or you did n't quite avoid that mud puddle in the road and it sprayed down your passenger door . It also appears to me that it helps make the wax protection last longer as the water is still beading even a year later . I often use it to remove any residual water spotting after I wash and dry the car . Overall just a great product to have on hand .
 I 've tried several detail sprays and this is the best one I 've found . It 's a little more expensive than the regular Meguiars detail spray , but it 's worth it . I use the Ultimate Quick Detailer & microfiber towels once or twice a week to keep my car clean . I never need to wash it . It contains polymers that keep the surface shiny and helps to repell water . They call it `` hydrophobic polymer technology '' . Of course they hype it for marketing , but the product really is very good . I 'd give it more than 5 stars if I could .
 I have been using Meguiars Quick Detailer frequently to maintain a fresh clean shine . I continue to be completely satisfied with the new results the Ultimate Detailer leaves on a daily basis . A quick dust off with the California Duster and then with a microfiber towel to use along with the Detailer does an amazing job .
 I have had experience is using many different quick detailers this past year . The advantage of Meguiars UQD is that it is stocked at many autoparts stores or easily ordered from Amazon . It is essential for maintaining a freashly waxed look . I used this last week and of course it rained later that night , the product just beads water relentlessly . I advise using a microfiber cloth with this product . I leave it in my car 's trunk for a easy 10 minute detail . This will not replace conventional waxes , but can be used to extend the effectiveness of a freashly waxed car .
 This product is the best Quick deatailer I have ever used and I have used quite a few ! It is amazing how it makes the rain or water beed up just like you have waxed it ! It makes a Great Glossy slick shine on the paint when you use it ! I just love , love it for a Quick detailer !!!
 Quick Detailers are genius . In Australia , they actually sell them as a `` waterless wash system , '' and that is effectively how I use them . Except if it rains or has some other significant contaminant , cars do n't always get that dirty . It may mainly have dust and whatnot get on the paint , so every day or two , or three , I use Ultimate Quick Detailer , and 2 or 3 microfiber towels , to remove the dust and bring back the show car shine.Ultimate Quick Detailer has taken that process to another level for me because this product adds a little extra protection to your waxed car and enhances the shine . Furthermore , the hydrophobic polymer technology in this product is no joke . It repels water!I 'd certainly recommend this product , to anyone hoping to keep a show car perfect finish , between regular washings . I purchased twelve bottles today !
 Ths is an amazing product . I own a black 2011 Camaro and black is HARD to keep looking new . I wash twice a week , detail frequently , etc. . I was using another brand of products , but decided on a whim to try this . I wont go back . It actually helps keep the car clean , after a month I notice that I am washing less frequently , and when I wash the car is just not as dirty . It seems like dirt -LRB- and bugs -RRB- just dont want to stick after this stuff is applied . The extra few dollars for this product will be saved in your time and other cleaning products many times over in my opinion.If there were more than 4 stars , this stuff would get them .
 I 've been using Meguiar 's Quick Detailer for years in between washes and it works awesome . I recently purchased a 2012 F150 in Tuxedo Black Metallic and the Quick Detailer works wonders . Keeps my truck looking bright and shiney when I ca n't get to the wash and there 's a little dust or road debris I need to wipe off . Use it with the Meguiar 's microfiber cloths and you 're in business .
 I own a Black Charger and was tired of seeing the water marks and occasional dirt/spots in-between car washes.This removes almost everything , although , there has n't been anything that it has n't been able to remove for me yet though -LRB- Ex
 As it says , its a quick detailer . May be not as effective as the whole clean and wax process , but its good enough for use in between . It gets rid of the minor particles attached to the veicle , and smells great too . It also adds a little shine to the veicle .
 One of the best quick detailer around . I have a few different quick detailer and this is one of the best value quick detailer I 've every bought.Leave a great shine and smooth finish .
 I always used this to clean up the bird poop and water stains . it works great and leaves a hydrophobic layer of protection too . Do not use on the windows , leaves a blurry view .
 In my opinion , it 's one of Meguiar 's best products . It 's really easy to apply and wipe dry and works best with a clay bar . I wish they would sell this in a one gallon size so I can just refill my bottle ! I mostly use this as a clay bar lubricant but keep a bottle in my car for quick clean up jobs like bird poop or tree sap . In between washes , this detailer really brings out the shine of my dark grey Toyota 4Runner . What makes it even better , is that it 's only $ 8 compared to $ 11 - $ 13 in stores . Go get some !
 I have been using `` Meguiar 's Quik Detailer Mist & Wipe Spray '' for a while now and when I ordered `` Meguiar 's Ultimate Quick Detailer '' I saw a significant difference . This quick detailer is truly premium quality , it gives a much more deep , rich shine than the `` Mist & Wipe Spray '' . This quick detailer removes all contaminants with ease , while leaving a perfect shine . It also works great as a quick fix for rims , shining them up perfectly to . This is a great product that I will continue to buy .
 Tried once and loved it straight away . Apply and wipe of directly on cars which are light dust on it . Used it in interiors as well . Loved the fragrance . Adds hydrophobic coat as well .
 This quick spray is awesome . It works really well . It 's great for keeping your car clean between washes.However it has 1 HUGE problem . The bottle it comes in is a total piece of CRAP . I have bought 2 of these , and both have leaked if you tilt the bottle sideways or upside down.So basically , when it arrives at your home , 1/4 of it is already gone because it spilled and leaked out during shipping.You are supposed to shake it before use , so a good amount leaks and spills out while you shake it.Finally , if you store it in the trunk of your car -LRB- for quick access -RRB- you can be sure all the rest of it will spill out in your trunk -LRB- happened to me -RRB- . And it does n't spill from the nozzle or anything . it spills out of the bottom of the sprayer where it connects to the bottle.The maguires quick detailer does n't have this problem . I do n't know how a company as big as maguires could have overlooked such a CRAPPY design in their bottle ...
 This fit like a glove with no issues . It was a very easy install and the price was right . So far , so good .
 it is a nice product , it works very well and the car really feels a lot better ... i would recommend this product !
 i love k & n air filters . i buy my cars and keep them for a long time so the benefit of being able to wash and reuse for the life of the car is very cost effective . never really noticed much if any difference in performance .
 These Do increase the ease of aspiration of your engine . If you do n't believe it , check out the demo tool at your local auto parts store .
 How do you know if you got a bad air filter ? I do know I 've put about 8000 miles on this filter & my engine still runs fine . I believe it as good as more expensive filters made by companies that spend $ $ $ on advertising .
 Outstanding product . I had to replace it because someone rear ended me . I love the way it looks , and i do happen to have two other hitch caps for sale that read `` Hummer '' , and `` Go Big or Go Home '' .
 I have these for all my 3 vehicles . Yes , they cost more up front but save you in the long run . My del Sol has just under a quarter million miles on it and the filter is a contributor to that .
 Fits like a glove on nissan sentra b14 98 -LRB- mexican version -RRB- and b13 tsuru fuel injection GA16DNE engine -LRB- mexican version -RRB- . 10/10
 This part was solid and seemed of OEM quality . It was a perfect fit , and there were no mysteries on the install .
 This one was purchased for a Toyota MR2.It made it a bit tougher to close the air filter housing , on the MR2 but otherwise is a perfect fit . -LRB- No difference closing housing on any of my other vehicles -RRB- . It is hard to tell how much power improvement it actually yielded , but my impression is that there is some improvement in acceleration , especially above 2500 RPM . I have not noticed a statistical advantage in fuel mileage on this vehicle so far . -LSB- 92 MR2 , 2.2 liter , 5 Speed manual . -LSB- 5000 miles on filter so far -RSB- On My Lexus LS 400 -LSB- 4.0 liter V8 Automatic -RSB- noticed some improvement in acceleration and some improvement in fuel mileage . -LSB- 15000 miles on filter so far -RSB- Om My Dodge Ram 3500 with a Cummins turbo-diesel -LSB- 5.9 liter I-6 Automatic -RSB- I noticed significant improvement in acceleration , towing power and over 1-2 MPG improvement in fuel mileage while towing . -LSB- 330,000 miles on filter so far -RSB- On my Volvo 850 Turbo I notice a dramatic improvement in mid range acceleration -LRB- reduced turbo lag -RRB- , some improvement in fuel mileage and a modest improvement in low end power . -LSB- Filter still like new when car was totaled with 220,000 miles on filter -RSB- . On my BMW R1100-RT motorcycle I noticed a modest improvement in low and mid range power and several additional MPH in top speed . Fuel mileage did not seem dramatically different . -LSB- 50,000 miles on filter so far -RSB- Your results will vary depending on how you drive and what vehicle you drive . In all cases the filter will pay for itself in replacement costs if you use it more than about 50,000 ~ 60.000 miles , -LRB- not including savings in fuel -RRB- . In each case I have been impressed with the cost to benefit ratio of these filters . Very few things will give you more for less in my opinion .
 Gates rubber seals are as great an item as their drive belts are . These are top notch seals . Anything by gates is well worth the money . I also ran their drive belts on my Z28 Camaro under high stress for 5 years before they needed to be changed . That should tell you just how good gates is .
 This is a perfect fit and is identical to the OEM product . It was simple to replace and seems to be identical -LRB- if not better -RRB- in quality . I would highly recommend this for a DIY replacement . For the Acura TL , used 8mm wrench to remove screws and was simple to place it in .
 It fit my 2003 Acura TL -LRB- standard , not the S-type -RRB- perfectly and looks identical to the OEM air filter I replaced . Installation is easy , all you need is a Phillips head screwdriver to take off the cover and it drops right in . The screws are captured in the cover so you do n't even have to worry about dropping them . It 's obvious which way the filter goes in and you wo n't be able to get the cover back on even if you do manage to put it in wrong .
 Nice grill . Mirror finish . Uses existing factory mounts to secure . Seems to hold pretty well . This grill does n't cover the old grill . It 's replaces the factory which I like so that you do n't see the old one threw it . Make sure when you install that you are in a warm location . The factory grill uses plasic tabs which you have to release that tend to crack in cold conditions . Grill is approx 1/8 thick .
 What can I say ???? It 's a K&N !! Great product , easily installed , noticed increased power right from the bottom of the power band . Do n't particularly care for K&N 's prices , but love the results , glad I bought it off Amazon , was considerably cheaper than in local parts stores . Installed in Miata NA along with a Racing Beat Exhaust system .
 verified part # from K&N website and bought it online at Amazon . competitive price . correct model for my 94 miata so installation was a breeze . prompt shipping . thank you .
 I have used several drop in filters in my cars . They dont hurt anything , and offset the cost of $ 10-20 filters every 10-15k miles . Wont make any HP claims , but hey , its not making the car any slower . Will continue to use them . And , Amazon has the best price !
 There was no question we needed a new wiper on our 4Runner . The drivers view was not clear when it was raining and the wiper was in use.This was a better price than most I found on Amazon . It fit perfectly and works quite well.We had 49 '' of rain at our house this year . Well working wiper blades are a must here .
 This refill -LRB- rubber insert -RRB- fit properly into my 2007 Subaru WRX Sti drivers side 22 inch wiper blade . I had a hard time finding a refill that fit . It came with the thin metal spines that the OEM had . The three clips seen in the picture are only for holding the metal strips during shipping .
 These are wiper blade REFILLS , not the actual blade themselves . Bad listing by Amazon . Packaging would have been excessive for wiper blades , not to mention tiny refils . I 'm sure the actual product was great -LRB- all AC delco products are -RRB- just not what I was looking for . Returned the item .
 For some reason Amazon says that this wiper -LRB- WW2001P -RRB- fits my 2009 F-150 . I ordered the wipers based on this site saying it is the right wiper for my truck . Turns out it does fit , but its almost a full 2 inches shorter than the original blades . According to the Ford/Motorcraft website I should have ordered the WW2201P . The `` 22 '' in the model number indicates the length of the blade . I put the shorter blades on my truck and although not clearing as much winshield as the old ones , they do work nicely and are very quiet and do n't chatter like cheaper blades . Next time I 'll know to order the larger size . Amazon should do a little home work and double check their reference guide as it is clearly incorrect in this case .
 For the price of these versus aftermarket , I will never buy aftermarket again . Tired of all the squeaky , chattering stuff . For Ford owners , Motorcraft parts are the way to go .
 These are exceptional replacement blades that work just as well as the original blades . Easy to install and keeps the windows clear .
 filter went in just as it was supposed to do , works great . I noticed a nicer sound and a little bit more torque off the line .
 K&N 33-2035 RAM AIR FILTER , FOR PONTIAC TRANS AM 95-97 , IT IS A MUST HAVE , THE STOCK FILTER IS NOT AN OPTION IF YOU WANT YOUR LT1 ENGINE TO BREATH LIKE DARTH VADER !
 Be detailed and specific . What would you have wanted to know before you purchased the product?Not too short and not too long . Aim for between 75 and 300 words.Excellent Product & Service ...
 These are by far my favorite mats of all time . They keep their shape , fit extremely well , do n't slip , match Toyota OEM tan , and clean up easily . It is a shame the manufacturer does not make these in the `` Extreme '' -LRB- non-carpeted -RRB- version any longer . These are a better product than the Digital Fit brand .
 The price is excellent , very heavy-duty mounting brackets , easy to mount , and fits nicely on the back of my camper .
 I bought the Pack Rack system for this year 's hunt because the mounts are easy to remove when hauling other supplies to our campsite . I was very disappointed when the rubber mount broke off from the stem after only two days of moderate trail riding . I emailed the company and they were absolutely awesome . They shipped out two new mounts immediately so now I have a spare . That is great customer service . You can trust this company to support their product !
 This filter replaces the dirty one perfectly on my 2002 Ford Thunderbird , it was cheap but looks and feels about the same as the expensive one , very pleased with the quality .
 Great product . I never wash my cars with soap and water with this stuff . I live in fl so not really dirty like northern winter conditions . I love this stuff . Smells like bubble gum . My friend is a pro detail guy and he told me about this . Try it you will love it for cleaning and looks fresh waxed when done .
 Easy to install . Increased mileage in my '94 Volvo 940 Turbo by 1 mpg overall . Engine seems to idle better with faster throttle response and decreased turbo lag . Worth the money .
 A bunch of stores gave me a different part # for my 01 Tacoma v6 automatic , but this one had the most votes . It has worked well for a month now , and cost 60 bucks less than local parts houses .
 The product worked perfectly and I saved over $ 85 by buying from Amazon.Buying this part from the auto manufacturer would have cost $ 110 more.I will always check Amazon first for my online parts !
 Saved a ton of cash with this order , this is normally a $ 300 + part . It arrived 4 days after ordering . Installed it without much trouble and my engine light went off - what more could I ask for ?
 Compared the price of the O2 sensor with retail and websites . Found the Amazon price to be between $ 70 - 100 less than competitors . The Bosch product appeared to be good quality and was an easy install . The check engine light went out the following day after installation .
 You ca n't go wrong with Bosch 's O2S . I was a Master Tech before and we used Bosch at our shop for all makes and models . The MIL came on and the code was the faulty O2S . Looked around and found the sensor here for less than $ 60.00 . Took 10 minutes to install and erased the code on a 2002 Tacoma 2.4 L . A happy camper .
 I have a 2001 Toyota 4Runner SR5 . My check engine light came on - a friend of ours has a OBD machine , and when he hooked it up , we needed to replace the Oxygen sensor . We just got the 4Runner in March - So we called the local Toyota shop - They wanted between $ 600 to $ 800 for the job . We said No Way ! I found the part here on Amazon for $ 120 -LRB- with next day shipping -RRB- - and it fit perfectly . It took my fiance about 15 minutes to switch the new one for the old one . The check engine light went off after it drove 2 times . No problems since ! And it is waaaay better on gas now !
 Put the included flange on the sensor , disconnected the battery , removed old sensor , installed new one , reconnected battery , no more check engine light .
 Part was exaclty what I ordered . Easy to install and fit perfectly . This was the cheapest O2 sensor I could find on the net
 Had a CEL on and took my 01 tacoma down to pep boys to get the code scanned , which pointed me to a faulty O2 sensor . Printed amazon 's price and took it down to pep boys . Pepboys matched amazon 's price . Decided to buy from pep boys in case i needed to return it quickly . Installed in 10 minutes . CEL is now off and car seems to run smoother .
 Oxgen Sensor works fine . Was one of several problems with exhaust system . Would purchase again . Easy to change . All parts matched .
 Perfect replacement for front sensor on 01 Tacoma . Easy to install as long as you can loosen the old nuts . I would recommend spraying them with PB Blaster before attempting to remove . I live in the northeast and the old nuts were completely rusted , they looked like globs of metal .
 The back o2 sensor died at 125000 miles . I replaced both front and back o2 sensors . -LRB- put penatrating oil on bolts -LRB- two times -RRB- the night before , this will help removal the next day . You will thank yourself for doing this.Have new relacement nuts on hand . -LRB- use generic -RRB- The check engine light will not reset for aproximatly 10 operating cycles.A operating cycle is = start - run - off.When new the vehicle got 20.0 mpg . Before replacement 18.5 mpg . After replaceing both o2 sensors 22.2 mpg . The curb idle is `` much '' smother.On high mileage vehicles in good shape , reduced mileage can be o2 sensors.Both sensors are under $ 200.00 , just think what a repair shop would be .
 The gloves fit great . My only complaint is that my finger nails which I just cut back to nothing get stuck on the seam inside the fingers . I had a friend try them on as well and he had the same problem . Other than that which I think I can get used to I love them . The titanium plates make it look very agressive . I ride in Texas and my hand has not sweat yet in our 90 degree weather .
 They have lasted about 4 years . They are extremely comfortable and IMO one of the most important items you could wear when you are riding ! I have recommended these to everyone I know !
 Dropped this into my 91 2.3 l Ford Mustang . It helps the car breath a little easier , and added a little power . Instead of buying a new air filter every 6-12 months I can clean this occasionally , saving money . I have heard from some gearheads that this can also help a little with gas mileage , but have not confirmed that . I had previously removed the air silencer .
 This is the best air filter on the market and well worth every penny spent . It was suggested to me by my mechanic and he has used them as well . I have had mine for a few months now and I am very haapy with it . I live in Phoenix , Arizona and even in the dusty conditions this filter still stays clean and not clogged up . I feel that you ca n't go wrong with buying this . Once it is installed you do n't throw it away , you just clean it , using the separate cleaning kit.By not having to buy an air filter so often , it does save you money in the long run , even if it is the most expensive .
 Nothing special to report here . I have used K&N filters in other applications with success , see no reason why this will be any different .
 Recommended air filter , no increase in power of the vehicle but if there is a noticeable improvement in fuel consumption .
 Another K&N great . I did n't get any published data to verify my findings , however , when I mash that gas pedal on the floor , I know where that extra money went . The filter gave me 60-70 more miles per tank of gas on my 2003 Mitsubishi Montero Sport LS . A typical air filter for the same car cost about a third of the price and lasts about 6 months , 5 in the summer . So , this air filter paid for itself in fuel economy and parts in less than a year . I would recommend this product to anyone that can use it in their vehicle . There are no negative aspects to this product , after a year this product essentially makes you money . Be sure to clean every 3-6 months with compressed air , placed on the engine side of the filter for ~ 10-15 minutes . K&N stands behind their product , and I vouch for their claims .
 el envi&oacute; fue muy bueno , lleg&oacute; en perfecto estado , el producto satisface en un 100 % mis expectativas , muy buena calidad y se nota una mejora en la potencia del motor . se lo recomienda .
 Poseo una montero dakar 2008 , le coloque este filtro y de verdad que se siente un cambio en el motor , hay mayor suavidad en el motor y mayor aceleraci&oacute;n , y en carretera rinde un poco mas la gasolina , he recorrido 350 Kms y todav&iacute;a no enciende la luz de reserva , distancia que no lo hacia con el filtro normal de fabrica .
 It 's easy to use , comfortable to hold and does a great job removing ice from my trucks windows . The only downside , and it 's a minor one , is that it has grooves that collect the ice from the edge and the build up falls over , onto your glove .
 Received the package quickly from Amazon.Item was exactly as advertised.I had installed a new free flowing exhaust and did the chop-top air filter modification at the same time and the bike was running very lean , so I had a custom map done and all is well now.The new sound coming from the KNN filter is very addicting , with the open airbox lid its fairly quiet at legal riding speeds , however at WOT it screams and growls.After installing the filter I found myself at WOT much more often.Ducati Monster 750SIE
 I think that this air filter is worth it . I replaced the stock filter on my ducati 695 . The stock one looked a lot more restrictive than the KN . I think the sound was louder after i put it on too . Havent noticed any real performance gains nothing noticeable but im sure it helped a bit .
 Good replacement hinge for CJ7 windshield . Fit as good as could be expected considering the condition of my windshield . I was a little disappointed in the amount of play of the actual hinge part but for the price and how quickly I received it I would buy another one .
 I ca n't believe how much money I 've wasted all these years . I bought this replacement air filter for my 1995 Honda Civic . The car is old , but still giving me 40mpg . Got this on Amazon for under $ 40 , wo n't need another filter for this vehicle . All you need to do is wash and apply oil after filter is dried . I should of bought this years ago .
 I got this one to replace the stock air filter of my Honda Civic '95 EG -LRB- ESI model in the Philippines -RRB- . My car buddies recommended K&N brand and I 'm sure glad that it 's the one I got . I could actually feel a change in my acceleration -- there used to be a heavy feeling each time I hit the gas pedal . I dunno , I may be wrong since this is the first time I used a K&N . Nonetheless , I like what I 'm feeling . Best of all , K&N has the exact replacement for my old car model , and not to mention getting it cheap at Amazon -- price is almost 75 % lower than the local shops here .
 I was n't sure at first because of the holes around the filter , but they lined up perfect to give a nice fit . I would recommend going to the K&N website and getting the part number just to be sure . I had several compatible matches , this was the one though . -LRB- Might need a 5mm socket or screw driver to take out the 4 bolts . -RRB-
 Purchased December 15 , 2005 and still works great . Clean it once a year with the cleaner and oil and still works better than any thing else I 've ever used !
 IT very good it real cheaper save money than any store most like over fifty bucks ! i like that cheaper and real
 Bought this panel filter to replace a cone style the civic vx had before I owned it . Obviously , the cone will give you a slightly better performance , but this was not my intentions . Looking to bring this back to as close to OEM as possible . My initial intentions were , better air flow then paper and reusable . But after I purchased this filter , my thought process went a bit more logical . To recover the cost of this filter I would have used up 4 paper filters = 200,000 miles -LRB- for me over 20 years -RRB- . On top of that paper filters , have better filtration thus increasing engine life . After considering this I would have stuck with paper filters.If your looking for that extra 1/2hp over paper filter , and like to think of yourself more environmentally concise , this maybe the choice . -LRB- Although I 'm sure it uses much more energy to produce this K&N ; , than paper -RRB- I will also note holding the K&N ; filter to the light reveals many more tiny holes , vs paper .
 If you 're used to hearing the sound of falling metal from your jalopy or hoopty this bumper sticker is for you ! Acknowledge your flaws and faults and the world winks and nods .
 It 's a snug fit for my application , but K&N makes the best filters in the world , you ca n't beat that .
 Received this in a fairly timely manner considering that I am in New Zealand . And for under half what rip off artists over here want for it . It 's not even twice as expensive as a stock replacement . Fits perfectly even though no Toyota Caldina listed . Just crossed the original part number over . Always pays to check though .
 Just what i was expecting . Great durable filter that will last forever . Fit perfectly , sounds great :D Car instantly felt a tad bit more responsive . I love K&N !!!
 This product is great because it lasts longer than other filters making it pay for itself in other filter costs . I had a noticeable increase in horsepower , however this product made NO noticeable difference in miles per gallon .
 Does what it is designed to do , been using these filters for many years , very satisfied with performance at all times !
 I bought this for my 1994 Celica GT , and it works great ! The throttle is much more responsive giving a little kick to it . The difference in mpg is little to none though . Great for unleashing more HP and Torque though !
 Como todos los filtros K&N son simplemente geniales , yo los tengo instalados en todos los autos y motos de mi famila y amigos . Son increibles y los recomindo totalmente .
 I have always been a fan of K&N ; filters . This one was no different.My Jeep Renegade has 110,000 miles on it and runs great . The key with keeping a Jeep running -LRB- espically the older in line 6 cyl -RRB- is to keep the oil changed amd keep clean air going in.This filter was a breeze to put in and took about 2 tanks of gas to really see a difference . I track all my gas milage and after the 3 rd tank I saw about a 15 % increase in fuel milage . It has gone up slightly since but depends on how much highway miles are put on during the tank.As we all know that with the current gas prices through the roof every penny counts . The great thing about these filters are that there is not much in way of maintenance on them and they never really need to be replaced however I do change mine after 100,000 because that is when the clean air becomes a huge key in trouble free upkeep.I have K&N ; filters in all my vehicles and always have.They are well worth the investment and pay for the difference in a short period of time due to fuel savings and not having to replace every 6,000 miles as other paper filters do .
 Great product . Can clearly tell the difference once it was installed.A .
 I like these gaskets with one exception ... Fel Pro did not supply the plastic locator pins or the throttle body gasket that come with the standard gasket set -LRB- MS95580 -RRB- . When removing the intake manifold and old gaskets , the plastic locator pins do n't usually survive so it would be very important for Fel Pro to provide these as the new gaskets may move around while installing the manifold .
 Then this will keep it from leaking . But seriously , who rebuilds anything any more ? By the time I was done messing around with rebuilding my old rusty junky pump , it worked . But the pump looked like I ran over it and let it sit out under my fender over a long salty winter . At least the pump matches my truck .
 1983 Mercedes 240d . purchased Kool-it , appropriate coolant / distilled h20 , new radiator cap , and thermostat . the process takes nearly a half day . drain old coolant from radiator and engine block , you must drain the block in order to get all the old coolant out . close all drains add water and Kool-it to the radiator and go for a 20 minute drive with heat on HIGH . drain radiator/block again , at this point you will be able to tell how dirty things are based on what comes out . close it all up again add water and run auto for 10 minutes , again with the heat on . drain . . add water run for 10 minutes and drain , if no more bubbles are present the system is free of Kool-it . change thermostat , make sure all plugs are closed , add appropriate ratio coolant / distilled and start the car , turn heat on high , begin to check for leaks . monitor coolant level and add as necessary as the system burps itself , it 's kinda like a baby . when heat is coming in full force through the dash the system is burped and the job is done . i speeded things up by removing the old thermostat to begin with .
 These steps work great , they tuck up and way nice and tight . Installation was easy and only required basic tools . The only difficulty I had was finding a location to install the door switch , a magnetic switch would have been better for my application . I had a spare switch in a switch pannel for my ARB air locker , so I used that to control both steps . Since I use my truck off-road , this was a better solution form me so I could control when the steps are up or down . They are very sturdy and have never failed .
 This tow bar is VERY easy to use ... hook up to my Jeep Grand Cherokee takes only a couple of minutes , no tools needed .
 Due to a mishap on my behalf I had to replace my 14 year old one . Replacement parts were not available . The new tow bar is slightly heavier ~ 5 lbs than the old one -LRB- some aluminum parts are now steel -RRB- .
 Bought from Costco a few years back -LRB- do n't even remember when exactly -RRB- . Still works just fine - holds the `` juice '' well . Never had a problem starting any engines including a 6-cylinder GM 3800 Series II and an 8-cylinder motor of a Chevy Van . In short , 3-in-1 works as advertised , and it 's a good value for the money . Following manual instructions for maintenance highly recommended.Addendum . In 2010 I replaced the original battery with a new one . The booster works fine .
 I 've had mine for years and have n't had to charge it in years . Great for inflating bike and car tires . Only design suggestion would be to find a place to attach the recharging cord which tends to get misplaced .
 Was quoted $ 700 to replace 2 oxygen sensors on a Lexus LS430 at the dealer . I purchased 2 sensors at Amazon for less than $ 200 and in less than 2 hours did the job myself in my garage . Saved over $ 500 . The part was an exact fit with the factory style connectors already on the sensor . You can save some money buying the universal fit O2 sensors but then you have to mess around with splicing your old connector to the new O2 sensor . Given that the location of these is under the hood in an area with a lot of heat and exposed to the elements , I did n't want to risk having a poor electrical connection , so I got this OEM fit sensor to not have to mess around swapping out connectors .
 fantastic product . . 4th one that I 've bought ... . all have produced a 2 mpg gain on the cars they were installed on .
 Great product to improve cars performance ! It helps in horse power and MPG . Which is good any day.K & N ; 33-2304 Replacement Air Filter
 Genuine GM part fit and sounds perfect . Glad I used these factory correct speakers matched to my radio . Sounds like new again . Replaced all 6 speakers .
 Fits perfect . color is not an exact match , but i doubt anything will match worn carpet . feels solid . doesnt slide around .
 I GOT THIS FOR MY '98 TOYOTA TACOMA . I FIGURE IT WILL SAVE ME ABOUT $ 740 OVER THE NEXT FIVE YEARS ! WHAT A DEAL !!! THIS IS A NO BRAINER . WHAT 'S THAT ? A 96 % RETURN ON INVESTMENT ! TAX FREE ! -LRB- FIGURED ON $ 2.60 A GALLON GAS , FOUR GALLONS PER MONTH SAVED . TWO $ 15 THROW AWAY AIR FILTERS PER YEAR TIMES 5 YEARS . -RRB- Ha ! Gas is $ 3.47 here now -LRB- 9 6 2011 . What a hoot ...
 This Oxygen Sensor was ordered for 1996 SAAB 900 SE Turbo , 2 . oL engin . However , I was not able to use this Oxygen Sensor due in part to the description page not being clear that this was a Downstream -LRB- of catalytic converter -RRB- O2 Sensor . I was wanting an Upstream Oxygen Sensor . Aside from differences of the sensors -LRB- Upstream vs Downstream -RRB- , the harness -LRB- wiring -RRB- for the Downstream is much shorter in length than for the Upstream.Review on Service and not product itself . I guess the fault lies with how well the specs were posted and how well I read them . So I did n't get to use it . But I did inspect the O2 Sensor and it seemed well built . The receiving of the order was very quick and the return and eventual refund were also very quick . Will do businees with again in the future .
 Needed a new O2 sensor for the wife 's Pathfinder . . The reason I wrote about 3.5 L cause for some reason there is confusion in the aftermarket about 2000 vs 2001 Pathfinders . 2000 = 3.3 l and 2001 = 3.5 L.
 Just an experience report that this fits like a glove in my FJ60 -LRB- ' 87 -RRB- . Air to engine seems adequate and everything is running well . The filter material is actually pink , instead of the white shown in the amazon image -LRB- as of writing -RRB- .
 I love this product . Simply put the gasket on the mouth of the can , place the spout over it then screw down the collar . To fill a tank on a mower , etc. , invert the can and insert it into the gas tank opening . The gas will not begin to flow until you push down on the can while the lip of the spring loaded spout is cought on the side of the gas tank you are filling . You may be able to see this little protruding lip on the side of the spout in the product picture . The gas will stop when the tank is full or you let up on the downward pressure on the gas can . Very simple ! I love good design and this is a good , simple design that makes filling gas tanks safe and clean .
 Fits perfect . color is not an exact match , but i doubt anything will match worn carpet . feels solid . doesnt slide around .
 I have a 2002 Toyota 4Runner that I had used the stock filters in . Boy what a mistake.From the moment I dropped in this replacement filter , my fuel economy jumped substantially - somewhere around 20 % . Plus , you get more power , and it does n't require any engine mods .
 This , like all K&N ; air filters are second to none . If you are considering buying a K&N ; Air Filter , then stop considering and start buying.I have found that cleaning this air filter is very easy .
 So I had heard very positive things about these air filters and decided to give it a try . I ca n't say I noticed a change in acceleration , but I did notice that I got better mileage . I would say about 2mpg increase -LRB- freeway -RRB- . So I 'm pretty happy with it .
 I have used K&N Filters for the last 20 Years for all of my vehicles . The disposable filter for my Toyota was the same price as the K&N filter so I opted for the K&N for better performance and it is reusable !
 The product worked flawlessly . It literally took two minutes to install , and the majority of that time was opening the hood on the truck . I 've used K&N products for years and they always work as advertised .
 I 'm moving from oil based filters to dry ones -LRB- afe -RRB- in order to avoid problems with the MAF sensor . It 's hard to re-lube them properly and if you go overboard with the oil it messes up the MAF . Other than that , unless it 's a whole cold air intake system , I have not noticed any HP benefits from it .
 fit great . got for my father inlaw for x mass . after he opened it we went outside and installed it in no time
 It 's a fancy air filter and I do n't think I could prove that it works . It has however made my check engine light not come back on for primary low efficiency since installed.Also feels more responsive when driving on freeway and more torquie at start up .
 Great price on this air filter , and I love not having to replace the cheap ones as often . I am not sure if it makes a difference gas mileage wise , but my car runs well !
 It is a great filter and specially because it came already with the grease already to be put in place where we did not have to worry about having to do that as well . Thank you .
 I have noticed only a slight difference in performance with this and my factory air filter in my2002 Toyota Tacoma 3.6 Lt V6.It was not over oiled , so I did not have to do some fine tunning.Be careful about filters that have too much oil on them , it can cause damage to your intake .
 I can not belive that they are the fastest delivery I have orderd . I recomend them 100 % to everyone . . Thank you .
 5 cars , foreign & domestic 1 HDFXWG . All havw K&N filters OR K&N FIPK kits . Nuff said ?
 If you plan on keeping your car long enough to replace the air filter more than 4 times and do n't mind doing some of your own maintenance this filter will pay for itself . Actually it can pay for itself much sooner if you drive for economy as I also got 1-2 MPG improvement . So for a tank of 18 gallons that is easily about 1 gallon less fuel used for the same range . Figure the cost of fuel saved for each fill up and it 's worth getting a filter like this .
 I was going to try to alter my air intake system but there 's no need with this drop-in filter . Better than all the rest ...
 much brighter than oem - very nice - plug and play , big improvement ! wear some gloves while installing or they will quickly fail ...
 This bulb was suggested from another online review - it is efficient and is priced well . Brighter bulbs would cost more and would burn out faster . I would buy again .
 This filter fits perfectly on the Workhorse chassis with 8.1 engine . Somewhat difficult to install - filter box is located above right front wheel . Either turn the vehicle 's wheels all the way to the left or access from underneath the vehicle . My filter arrived with a lot of excess oil on it which had saturated the instructions page , not that I needed the instructions . It comes with a gasket which has a backing that must be removed to reveal the adhesive to stick it to the filter . The filter was so oily that the gasket adhesive would not stick to the filter and the gasket kept falling off when trying to install . I used some `` super glue '' to get it to stick and from that point , installation was a breeze . Excessive oil on the filter can lead to causing the mass air sensor malfunctioning and a resulting check engine light . I 'm hoping this excess oil does n't cause this in my motor home . I am using K&N filters in passenger vehicles with good results .
 This product was not listed in K & N search engine for my 2007 w24 workhorse 8.1 litre engine . I found this by accident and it fits perfectly . I suggest K & N get this into their listings . Great fit and great price .
 This is a well made resin cast horn . I did not want to pay 350.00 + for the Jbl ones for my Jbl compression drivers so I have these and they sound fine , suppout the 30 pound driver just fine too . rumor has it they were cast from a jbl mold ? Great deal ! Also this parts express has been spot on on filling my orders , answering my questions and offering some solid advise on speaker design , even for my drivers ! shipping is well packed and fast too ... price of shipping was fair too ,
 Very nice seat cushion . Could be a little wider for my use but it sure makes my ride much more comfortable .
 This was exactly what my dad had been looking for so it was the perfect gift . It is sturdy product but will provide the cushion he wanted .
 I have K&N intakes on my cars , and i advise my parents and friends to get them or at least the replacement filter . My parent 's cars have the filters and they love them . I ordered this one for my friend 's 2000 Saturn SL2 , and he loves it . He says its quieted down the engine and that it runs a lot smoother than it did with less struggle to accelerate and has a bit more power when he guns it . K&N will never let you down !
 I 've had my car for 11 yrs and on my second engine and it took me 10 yrs to change to k & n after paying $ 15 for a paper filter that gets thrown away after six months time and time again ! I used to race motorcycles and used k & n filters for my bike , I do n't know why I never looked at kn earlier but I am never paying for another filter for a least another ten yrs . So I wasted $ 300 on throw away filters over ten yrs , do n't waste your money get a washable reusable filter today , its a smart move and easy to use .
 Best filter I 've ever purchased ! This is also the best price I 've seen !! I was just in my local Auto Zone store and they were $ 50 in there ! Ya ca n't go wrong !
 My car is more powerful and the engine runs smoother ... excellent choice ! I can compare to paper filters , I used to buy the most expensive brands , this re-usable filter is the best !
 I 've been using K&N ; filters for years , and am always pleased with their performance . They wind up paying for themselves in just a few years because you never need to buy another filer ... just clean it every 50,000 miles!I 'll continue to use K&N ; filters , and I have them on every car I own !
 I am very picky about intakes . Any vibration or whistling and I will take it back . This intake is great for many reasons.First it is silent . There was no change in cabin noise before and after installation . When you open the hood and rev the engine , you can hear some new suction that wasn &#8217; t there before . My Tacoma was the demo for Airaid so I got to see the R&D ; as it went along as well as the manufacturing process out here in Arizona . I was very impressed with the whole experience as well as the free intake for my time.Second , this intake doesn &#8217; t require any weird modifications . Nothing is damaged and it works just as the stock intake does . It sucks its air from the sealed compartment that runs down towards the front passenger side wheel just as the stock intake does to protect from engine damage . It also uses the original air box to prevent noise . Airaid would impress you with what they consider in the R&D ; phase . Nothing is ignored.Third , the increased horsepower and torque are nice . Horsepower increases by 15 and torque increases by 12 pounds . Passing someone uphill was effortless before , but the new intake might make you a showoff . See the dyno results on Airaid &#8217; s website -LRB- http://www.airaid.com/510-179_toyota.asp -RRB- . The last thing I should mention is gas mileage . Many talk about improving gas mileage with the purchase of an intake . My model is the V6 4-door 2WD pre-runner sport . It is big and I drive it in 118 degrees . I drive 30 miles to ASU during the week in a serious hurry most of the time . The gas light turns on at about 370 miles -LRB- 91 octane -RRB- as I race back and forth . You can be the judge of that . I don &#8217; t know anyone else with a &#8217; 05 yet to compare results to.In conclusion , my old , super conservative parents -LRB- and girlfriend -RRB- were extremely upset when they found out I installed the intake . I mean really upset . After the long argument , they drove the truck and inspected it . The conclusion - my mother wants one for her Sienna and father wants one for his Highlander .
 This nozzle fits and works fine for the older model 11833 5 gallon can . However the collar fit very tightly on another can model 50841 and takes a lot of extra effort to cap and uncap . I have an older version of the 33700 nozzle which requires little effort to cap and uncap.These spouts are intended for filling equipment in the field and allows you to top off the tank without spills or using your finger to stop the flow . Excellent product .
 Nice and white . If you look REALLY REALLY close you can see the yellow from the LED in my 06 Mazda 6 parking light housing . but I 'm usually to distracted by the chrome housing to notice .
 Instructions are in Chinese but nice Chrome finish w/Piaa decals . Wiring basic positive/negative . . Very loud with a unique sound . . Installed in 2008 Rhino and very pleased ... A protective black plastic cover front of horn helps protect water from entering but make sure you install in a downward tilt so water doesnt get inside.Euro Piaa 500/600 Horn is worth the purchase price ... A +
 I can not say enough good things about this exhaust , perfect fitment , sexy looks , unbelievable sound . This is a great bargain for a cat back system .
 I Run K&N in all my Vehicles and have n't had any problems yet . It save time , gas and money . -LRB- paper filter isnt cheap -RRB-
 These are great they last forever and they breath really well , this is really the only upgrade you can do to the intake on a Toyota T100 . Toyota 's intake on the 3.4 is near perfect this is just a bonus !
 Three cars and a pickup truck in my household and they all have K&N air filters in them . The initial cost may seem a bit high but over time the K&N filter will save you big bucks . Put the sticker that comes with it on your air cleaner housing to let the mechanics know you are wise to their game . Now , instead of telling me I need a new paper filter at 25 + dollars a pop , they offer to clean my K&N for 10 bucks . I just say `` no thank you '' - oh , well , sometimes I laugh .
 All my cars have the K&N filters because works like a champ and evidence of increased power and definitely makes the engine runs/performed smoother/better . Never have to buy filter anymore and highly recommended if you want satisfaction and lots of savings . Bought thru Amazon , secured , faster and cost less ...
 My Isuzu Trooper 1992 V ^ just got better , faster , and more fuel efficient ! I just had to reset the computer to let it know there is a new type of filter and vroom !
 Great replacement for the stock air filter . Especially when you consider that there are not used paper filters -LRB- stock -RRB- going into the landfills every 3000 miles worth .
 This filter is well made and right on the $ $ $ . It fits perfect . I do n't have time to test if this filter really save Gas
 Replaced old air filter with this filter . It fit properly and so far is working properly . Did not see a lot of change in power , accerleration or gas mileage .
 I LOVE K&N filters . They pay for themselves after 2 tune-ups and you can clean and re-use them longer than the life of the vehicle . They free up extra horsepower and on certain vehicles even make a slight whooshing sound under hard acceleration . If you are a light-foot driver , they will increase your fuel economy also .
 I bought these to replace standard MANN paper panel filters in my 92 ' 850 instead of going cold air intakes due to two things : these airboxes flow better than most over the counter filters , and two these actually get a cold intake charge where cone filter will suck up very hot air from the engine bay , reducing power.these fit straight away , went in in 5 minutes per side , no notable gain in power or fuel econ , but the sound is a tiny bit throatier down low.well worth the price , K&N ; still does it best.no MAF issues to speak of from the oil yet .
 This is the sound I get with my Beemer now and it 's just incredible . My car is consuming less fuel now ... Thanks K&N ; Vrooooommmmm
 I have used product before for keeping carbs clean in my boat outboard engine and my waverunner . This is THE BEST product for this purpose but is a little pricey . I have been buying at auto parts stores and saved a lot of money -LRB- 1/2 the cost -RRB- buying multiple cans from amazon .
 I call this `` the Miracle Fluid ! '' My car and motorcycle run so smooth , I ca n't believe it took me so long to use it ! Great product !
 My 2003 Honda 750 Shadow Ace was running rough . I took it to the local Kaua'i motorcycle shop , spent over $ 150 on a general tune up , and the bike still ran rough . Skeptically , I purchased the Sea Foam Deep Creep liquid , for under $ 10.00 from my local Napa store . I added a few ounces to my gas tank , and MINUTES later , the bike started running much better . I filled my tank with gas , added some more Sea Foam , and now the bike RUNS GREAT ! I 've never had an additive have such an immediate , and effective result . A miracle ...
 It may have been developed for marine use , but pouring a can in your gas tank and a half can into your oil crank case will work wonders on your engine performance , idle , acceleration and it also improves your gas mileage . I drive a 11 yr old multi valve V-8 and it runs like brand new . I put in a can every 2-3 months and before oil changes . Works very well in my lawn mower and weedwacker , too .
 I have a 1986 Honda Shadow 1100 motorcycle that had been sitting for over a year . It would start only when the choke was on and would stall after the choke was released . Someone told me to try a can of this stuff . I added about 1/3 of the bottle-now the bike is running as normal without the choke on . This stuff really does work .
 I live on a farm and have many pieces of equipment that have gas and diesel engines . Many times this equipment sits around not being used which allows the fuel to get old and gum up the fuel systems . After taking in some of my equipment for repair it was suggested to use sea foam in my fuel tanks . After doing so I have not had any problems in starting up any of my engines when I need the equipment . I use in my truck and tractors which are diesel and they start right up even when the temperature is at 0 degrees . At the end of cutting the grass season drain the fuel out and put in fresh fuel add some sea foam . Come the start of the new season the engine will start right up .
 This is great stuff with many uses . Just google and you 'll start to learn about all that seafoam can do for you . I started using it when I bought a motorcycle that had been sitting unridden for a period of time . I added the proper amount of seafoam to a fresh tank of gas and did some riding . It cleared the up the carb issues that I had without having to open them up and do a clean/rebuild . I regularly add some to my fuel tank on all of my vehicles !
 SeaFoam is the only injector cleaner that consistantly works and I have tried many others that did not work at all .
 I started using this for my motorcycle . Now I use it for all my vehicles . . car . . motorcycle ... snow blower.Works well ! Word
 This is by far the best thing you can put in your fuel system . Do n't be fooled by STP and those other cheap products .
 I had a generator that despite running it out of gas after each use developed some gum in the carb . I pulled in apart 3 separate times to clean it . The generator would have to be adjusted at startup and then readjusted after running for about an hour . Based on other reviews I tried this and the generator ran great during the last outage -LRB- I had started it and ran it with the Sea Foam before the storm so it needed no start up adjustment -RRB- . Bottom line is the generator worked as if it was new.The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is I tried it in a snow blower that was also acting up only running on high idle . It 's one of those carbs that lacks adjustments , so I 'm hoping at a couple of tankfuls might help it too . Unlike the generator , a simple 10 minute run with the Sea Foam has n't helped it much . But frankly I 'd give this stuff a try before you take your equipment somewhere for work if you suspect you had some bad gas or gummed up carb.This is made by the Stabil folks so not sure what the differences are between this and Stabil but I 've used Stabil for years and it will not clean a gummed carb like this stuff did , and this stuff is supposed to stabilize the gas too so I may try it as my stabilizer in the future .
 This product came highly recommended to me by my neighbor who maintains school buses and has been a mechanic for many years . I use it in my small yard machines , line trimmer , lawnmower , blowers , generator , and it seems to make them start and run better . Time will tell .
 always use this product and it was available at a good price compared to local auto stores . Highly recommended for carburetors .
 Do n't have any prove but have heard from many that it really works great , especially for built up gum in small engine carbs.Excellent shipping and service
 I AM THE KIND OF GUY WHO DOES N'T CARE WHY OR HOW . ALL MY QUADS , JET SKIS AND BOAT RUN BETTER AFTER USING THIS PRODUCT . I HAD ONE QUAD THAT ALWAYS HAD TO HAVE THE CHOKE ON UNTIL USING SEAFOAM IN THE FUEL . NOW IT RUNS AS INTENDED . WHEN I PUT MY DESERT TOYS AWAY FOR THE SUMMER WITH THIS STUFF IN THE FUEL ... THEY START UP THE NEXT FALL WITHOUT FAIL .
 plug and play ... worked great ... fixed my engine code ... no problems , great product . would recommend and buy again . used on my 2002 dodge grand caravan .
 I needed a new AC idler pully for my 1985 Mercedes 280SL European model and a new part from Mercedes would have cost me about $ 350 . The Dayco Idler pully cost me about $ 20 including shipping and works fine , a savings of abour $ 330 , ca n't beat that !
 I still have a little bit of a miss , I 've already replaced the distributor caps/rotors -LRB- yes 2 each -RRB- and plugs , now these wires . It 's much better now with these wires , but will leave a final review after I clear out the miss to verify they are carrying enough current and that the wires are n't the problem.Nice clean fit , my stock wire holders are 7mm and tend to crush even 7mm wires , so I gave these a try .
 I bought this Idle Air Control Valve from Standard Motor Products for my Lexus RX300 SUV . It works great and parts arrived quick . Installed it and it fixed the idle problem my car was having .
 Does not include mounting hardware so save the old clips . But otherwise easy to install . The clips are a bear to get back on in front but thats bmw 's fault .
 Product comes just as the picture shows I also purchased plugs for way under retail . I have them on my toyota corolla and they work great . I am sure that I will put at least 50,000 miles on them .
 Perfect match for a 1995 honda civic ex radiator fan . The wiring receptacle on the fan is in a different spot than the factory fan , but it works just fine with no modifications . Note that this fan is only a suitable replacement for the radiator fan and not for the air conditioning radiator fan , which looks like a different fitment . In my 1995 civic ex , if you pop the hood , this fan replaces the one to your left -LRB- passenger side -RRB- .
 Perfect fit and my engine runs smooth again . I changed it while we did a transmission service so it was just a 5 minute deal . I would hate to do this job with the transmission in place if it would be even possible .
 Works great - was a new style compared to the one we took out , so that was a bit shocking - but it ended up being the one we needed !
 This product looks great and installed perfectly . They included replacement bulbs -LRB- yellow -RRB- as well ! The only thing I did n't feel great about was the yellow sections of the assembly are actually stick on pieces and not molded into the light . I did n't want these anyway and left them off . They look great.Edit
 This is perfect Belt Tensioner Pulley . Excellent quality with all signs on it . Easy to install . I recommend this item .
 they sent me the wrong one for my vehicle , but i put these in all my rides and they are by far the best filters out there ... negative reviews come from ppl who dont know what they are talking about .
 I installed this air filter in my suzuki sidekick '96 4WD and it really improves the speed and aceleration of the car
 Well it does work well most of the time . Now for the times it does n't work as it should like in less than intense sunlight . Where the filler is located matters on the top of a panel or hood it cures well . But when it 's used on the side of a panel it takes much longer to cure if it cures at all . The reason it has 4 stars is it sands well and is more flexible than regular Bondo just the thing for a plastic body panel . I would recomend it to a friend but there are limitations to how it can be used .
 This works as one should expect . Because it is made specifically for my Ford , installation was a breeze . Highly recommend !
 Received in timely manner , with a small dent -LRB- I can live with it -RRB- . It works -LRB- It 's a pan -RRB- . Good enough .
 This was the perfect thing to lift an idea from interest . My grand-daughter loves playing with her letters and numbers . This was one of the best ideas yet .
 Exactly as expected . Installed quickly and easily . Would have been a significant improvement if the cable were longer . Making electrical connection was difficult .
 Perfent fit , no install problems using a 4 ' extension with a swivel socket and a 4 ' breaker bar . Would recomend this to all users .
 Our caravan did n't pass inspection because the 02 sensor needed to be replaced . It was not complicated to switch it out ourselves , just very time consuming because it is in an extremely difficult to reach place . However , after removing the old 02 sensor -LRB- took the longest -RRB- , this new one went in quickly and was an exact fit . We passed inspection the next day and it saved us the cost of labor at a repair shop . It seems to be of good quality , was easy to work with , but did not come with instructions at all -LRB- bumped a star for this reason -RRB- - we used the auto repair database available from our public library for that , and a great video from youtube showing how to remove and reinstall an 02 sensor from a guy and his young sons . One note
 Four stars for Bosch quality and a great price . One star penalty because as another reviewer mentioned , the product is not as pictured . It does not come with the spring pictured that should protect the wire from damage . My old sensor had the spring and I was able to take it off and put it on this sensor.My repair manual stated that new sensors come with anti-seize already on the threads . I do n't believe this sensor does so I added it myself and I suggest you do likewise . DO NOT get any on the sensor itself.There are cheaper sensors out there that are universal fit . I would much rather have a quality Bosch product that plugs right in to my car .
 I 've used these gaskets for years but always had to go through a hassle to get them from the local parts store . Amazon allows me to get them for the same price -LRB- or cheaper -RRB- and I get them in 2 days via my Prime membership . Saves me hassle and money.FWIW , I 've always installed these dry -LRB- no rtv , etc with them -RRB- and as a result , I 've always been able to get 2-3 used out of them before I replace them . They are good metal core graphic gaskets and have large ports to work with many aftermarket Ford heads . I 've used them on Edelbrock RPMs , Trick Flow Twisted Wedge and currently on AFR 185cc 's . I wo n't use any other gasket .
 So , there we are in our 36 ' Class A motor home five hundred miles away from home and the `` coach to the tow car break light cord '' breaks . We ca n't drive home with out a new cord but there is no place in the remote area we are camping to get one . I Goggled the Blue Ox 6 Wire Coiled Electrical Cable but found nothing suitable . My wife said , `` Why do n't you check out Amazon ? '' `` Amazon '' , I said . `` Do n't they sell books and spices ? `` I checked and was amazed that Amazon did indeed carry this unusual specialty cord . But , could it be delivered in time for our scheduled departure from the RV Camp ? I crossed my fingers while typing the on line order and asked for a one day delivery . `` No way they can get this cord to us way out here in the boonies in one day . '' I thought . `` No , way ! `` Boy was I wrong ! The next day the package arrived ! The word `` flummoxed '' came to mind . How in the world did you do that?I will never doubt Amazon again . You guys are simply amazing - or should I say you are simply Amazon !
 It works . Stretches to length needed during towing , but long enough to be supported by wrapping it around the tow bar to prevent dragging the road , which would ruin it , of course . Very durable . You may need an adaptor depending on the plug installed on your motor home and tow vehicle . No big deal . I bought one on Amazon and it works just fine . You could probably get any adaptor needed at most RV dealerships , too .
 This is the ideal way to make hooking up your towed vehicle a snap . I use it on a class A motorhome towing a Jeep Wrangler . The coiled cord keeps everything neat and the included `` sockets '' keep the contacts nice and clean , protected from the weather . Since the cable provides 6-wires there are extra wires for other purposes such as the towed vehicle brakes and whatever else you might need . This beats the strand of wire wrapped in electical tape that I have been using ! My wife says the blue coiled cord looks nice ...
 Received item in time frame quoted . Have used the product before and meets all of my expectations .
 This is a very fine cable and should last many years if not forever . Note that mine did come with plastic receptacles and metal plugs . I have mixed feelings on these , because the metal is tougher but will corrode ; the plastic wo n't corrode but can more easily break . Only time will tell how the plastic tolerates sunlight/UV . In any event , the receptacles are fairly cheap and I was mostly interested in the cable .
 Bought two these Master Lock hitches from Amazon now and they are both nice and perform as intended ! If I need another one , I will definitely come here and buy another one . I do n't think that the dimensions are listed but this coupler fits 3 '' channels .
 Purchased the Camco jack stands along with the Camco pads to use with my popup camper ... I 've managed to rip two landing legs off the popup taking it places a Coleman popup camper probably should n't go ... The landing legs on the camper are welded on so not easily replaced and hang low anyway . These jack stands worked fine . They are light weight and seem a little weak but when in place they hold well and provide the stability needed . They take longer to put in place than the attached landing legs on the camper but I wo n't be ripping this ones off . The stands and pads fit nicely inside the camper until needed .
 I bought 2 boxes -LRB- 8 total stabilizers -RRB- to use while I am restoring a 1951 Spartan trailer -LRB- approx . 8,000 lbs . -RRB- . Bought these to raise the trailer a couple of inches . Although they warn you it is only for stabilizing , I have found that using 1 at each jacking point -LRB- 8 total jacking points -RRB- , seems to be especially stabile . Each stabilizer is rated at 6,000 lbs . therefore I am using a 48,000 lb rating to hold up 8,000 lbs . Since this is 4 times what is required , I would think the safety factor should allow me to adequately support the trailer while I work on it . I will soon be removing the wheels for access and replacement of tires . Personally , I have no qualms in crawling under the trailer , but recognize if it were to fall , I have no one to blame but myself .
 Easy to use . Good price . Convenient purchase experience . Used them the first day I received them and ever since . Weight limits were considered but I have a small travel trailer and it helped me steady it easily .
 Not only were we pleased with the price , but we were very satisfied with the quality ; Very convenient to keep in camper ; lightweight yet durable ; helps stabilze camper quite well ; would highly recommend
 These jacks are great for use intended which is support . They increase the stability of my pull type camper that stabilizer jacks just can not do . They are non corosive so you will not need to worry about rust stains in a storage area , but dissasemble quick enough to place back in original shipping box.Fit and finish is better than the price would indicate .
 Excellent ... . people are selling these on ` ebay ' at twice the price to airstream owners because of their elegant strength ... great find , Walmart versions the same but even they were more expensive ... great buy , speedy service
 Recently got to use these jack stands on our pop-up camper and they worked perfectly.They were easy to use and made leveling our camper very easy.They are very light weight but very strong and they stack together to take up very little room.Would highly recommend these jack stands .
 I bought these to use for my vinatage 1959 &#34; canned ham &#34; camper , and they look great -LRB- though not perfectly vintage , from far away they have an old-fashioned looking design -RRB- . The 're manufactured well , they turn freely and were a spectacular value for the price .
 This is our second set of jacks , we purchased a new camper and it was a lot larger than our old one . Jacks are helping tons.Thank you .
 One look at the stabilizer jacks and I concluded that they were not strong enough to do anything to stabilize a 35 ' 5er , but I was wrong . Placing 2 jacks at the back and cranking them up with moderate pressure did wonders to the stability of the floor when walking from one end to the other . I installed the other 2 jacks just in front of the wheels . I am very satasfied and supprised at the results . I recomend these to anyone who wants to take the bounce out of the floor of a 5er which occurs when walking .
 I actually used these jack stands to help support weight under a sunroom . I did place some small steel plates under the jacks then screwed them up to a steel channel going in the opposite direction from the joists . The jacks are light weight with a big 6,000 pound rating . They are very easy to screw and are much cheaper than the house jacks .
 I have a 18 ' , dual axle car trailer that I use to store one of my cars in . I wanted to try to keep some of the weight of the wheels and tires so I bought a set of these Jack StandsThe whole trailer with the car in it weighs around 5,500 lbs . I placed the jack stands directly in front of and behind the wheels on both sides and they were able to lift the trailer without problemsWorked well and a good value
 Lightweight and compact . I use them for stabilizing parked utility trailers and they work great for this purpose . Handy little gizmos .
 Very easy to use , bought more sets . Used them to stabilize a camper and a deck . Would buy again , and have recommended to other campers .
 These little jack stands are very lightweight , but seem very strong . I had a jack fail on my popup camper and gave these a shot . They work great !
 These jack stands are lightweight and strong . They are easy to use . I had similar jack stands when I had my last trailer and I paid much more for them . These are a lot lighter and cost less than half as much . Amazon has changed my shopping habits . It 's now my first stop .
 Primarily
 `` Each jack supports up to 6000 pounds '' I estimate 1500 pounds each . This is a well made light duty jack stand set good for light single axle trailers . For heavy tandem trailers get something stronger .
 Our tent trailer came with light duty stabalizers and found everyone felt it when someone even just rolled over when sleeping . well this is an inexpesive fit great product -LRB- so far -RRB- and they pack away neatly -LRB- 8 year old job -RRB-
 Arrived promptly . These stands were exactly what we were looking for , work great and at a reasonable price . Would recommend them .
 In China product . Appears to be able to do the job and they are light enough to tote around . Good price and service as always with Amazon .
 I use these to support my Golf Cart when I work under it.Unlike many products , they fit back into the box they came in , so they do n't hog shelf space when not in use.Another nice thing is the height is continuously adjustable , so you can perfectly level what you are working on if needed.The footprint is sort of small , so you have to put a pad of some-kind under them on warm asphalt of soft ground , that 's just common sense on the users part.Had a set years ago when I still worked on my cars , and they got misplaced in a move or `` Borrowed '' , so I was pleased to find them still available .
 These stands are very tough and easy to install . They would do a good job stabilizing our RV if we could find pads to install under them . Currently we are using 2X10 treated wood pads and the stands work very well in stabilizing the trailer . But even the treated wood will not last as long as I hope we will , so I am traveling to a retail store in search or larger pads .
 Got these to store a truck camper over the winter . I needed a way to keep the camper level on some uneven ground . Jack adjustments work well . Per earlier reviews I lubed up the threads . The stands are lightweight and easy to move around . As a extra safety measure I did add a couple extra backup supports should the jack stands ever fail . Instructions -LRB- probably for liability purposes . -RRB- do not recommend the use of these jacks for stand alone support . Best price here at Amazon
 Unbelievable that these light aluminum jack stands could hold that much , but I use them to stabilize a 38 foot travel trailer with two slides . I actually take the weight off the springs so that there is no wobble in the unit . There a great buy , light and easy to store nesting inside each other .
 These jacks are sturdy , yet surprisingly light . Very stable . The screw sits in a recess in the top and easily pulls out to stack the stands .
 For the price i could n't say no to this deal . Was looking for a full set and got this great deal . Another Wow !! Thanks again Amazon for the deals !!
 These stands are nice , light and very sturdy . I use them for my camper and they have plenty of height and easy to adjust . The only thing that keeps them from being five stars is the top pad can be bent easily if you do not position them squarely -LRB- which was really my fault -RRB- . Good little stands for what they are designed for .
 These screw jacks work very well for our Casita . They are light weight but strong and very easy to use .
 Have pop up camper with stabilizing jacks attached to it . They are difficult to access to with bad shoulders , so jacks are very handy and adjust to any height I need , whereas the original jacks on camper , shimming is required .
 we use this on a small trailer , and it works great . No more rocking , made it very stable . The price was a bonus .
 I was looking for reasonable priced jacks to support a 8X10 trailer so I could work on a tractor that I let on the trailer . The jacks make great support .
 Bought these to stabilize the rear of our RV . They work fine but are a little bit short so I have to block them up to get them to reach the bumper . Please be sure you check the size before you purchase to make sure they meet your needs .
 Easy to adjust and manuever . I bought these for my antique travel camper and they work perfectly . They store easily and work efficiently .
 Great deal for a set of 4 Jack stands . Easy to adjust -LRB- must be used with a concreat block -RRB- I use it on my 5th wheel they made a big difference on the stability .
 These stands work better than originally thought.I use these to rest my very large camper on while I use my truck for fishing or store runs while camping.Very sturdy with zero movement while camper is on them.They stack together for easy storage .
 These were used to jack up a front porch addition by about 1/4 &#34; . The RV jacks were suggested to me by a neighbor . Excellent suggestion - exceptionally easy to work with - infinite leveling / alignment capabilities .
 Actually when I got these I could n't believe how cheap the feel . Lightweight aluminum , however they are strong and sturdy . I have 4 based for support and they are perfect , they support the weight just fine and keep balanced . Perfect for any small to midsized trailer . Easy assembly .
 Overall this is a good product . I was please with the shipping from the vendor , not fast but on time . The stands are a bit smaller then expected , suppose I could have looked at the overall dimensions more carefully . I needed to shore them a bit being that the trailer is on un-level ground to begin with however they work just fine on our 2007 Aljo . Small , lightweight design , break down fast and easy , and a snap to store . I gave the bolts a light coat of oil to help slow any rust being they are not galvanized .
 These Jacks seem to work well keeping my Triple Axle trailer off the ground . Our boat is rack stored , so the trailer is not used and thes work well .
 jacks worked great . much better quality than I expected for the price . I will be purchaning more of the same .
 Good product . Stores easily . Worked perfectly for my pop up camper . Good price too . I would reccommend this product to others .
 I bought these to use with my cargo trailer . whenever i am loading or unloading i place these in the 4 corners supporting the trailer frame for added stability walking or driving on and off . they work perfectly for this . the one this that is disappointing is that they are not able to support an axle or anything round like that . then again these are not axle jack stands so i suppose they would not do well at something they are not designed for .
 We use these to stabilize our small vintage camper and they do the job perfectly . And , with limited storage being able to stack these and put back in box really saves space .
 Ca n't beat this deal . They are easy to use , light weight and strong . The nice thing about them is how fast you can adjust them and break them down .
 It arrived in a timely manner and is exactly the product that is advertised . It is fairly durable and feels reasonably solid . The only knock against them I have is that under pressure the plates attached to the top of the bolts grip and cause the top to shift to potentially unstable positions . But as it says on the packaging , these are meant as stands , not jacks .
 I actually bought these for my Lotus , they are an affordable alternative to the other flat top jackstands on the market . They work as they should and the price was great . With a car that only weighs 2,000 lbs the 6,000 lbs each is complete overkill . Note
 I put this item on my 2009 Titan , this thing is big , and nice , made a wonderful addition to my truck .
 I love these K&N s . They always increase my gas mileage by about 10-15 % . I always get a little nervous about the extra dirt that blows by , but I have n't had any problems . yet !
 I freaking love this Filter . I order this for my Mitsubishi eclipse 2003 and fits perfectly . I also notice that my gas do n't burn that fast . This filter make your car breath more air . That means more air less gas .
 This filter is amazing . I no longer need to keep changing my filter . I will be saving soo much money .
 Bought for mother for mother 's day . Great filter , adds a couple extra horses which any car can benefit from . Plus , the convenience of never having to replace it again is great .
 I would highly recommend this product . It is one of the best air filters on the market . It is high performance and can be used in any car .
 These are the best reusable air filter . I buy them for every new car I buy . The air flow is better and cleaner . Be careful after cleaning it that you do n't over oil it . My 65 Corvette came with a washable foam oil coated filter in the 365HP engine . Best price on the internet . Once you have cleaned it 3 times you have equaled the cost of 4 throw away air filters . You have also saved our enviornment .
 This product is so great . I own a mobile detailing business and the silicone tire dressing that they sell where I live is really expensive . I think I got more than my money 's worth whne I purchased this . I get compliments on the way the tires gloss EVERYTIME I clean a vehicle . EXCELLENT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Keep my tires shining even in the rain . Hahahah . Love it when I go to a car wash and tell them do n't put tire dressing on my car . Then when the wash is over I do it myself and they wonder where I got this from . Great stuff . And it was more than enough to split between me and my boys for two years . Will purchase again for sure .
 This is a very good product . I 'm not a detailer anymore , just an obsessive owner of vehicles . I 've been using a similar product for years , that I get from a local professional detail product supplier . The Magic Blue is priced way better than my normal product and offers similar results . I think the Magic Blue is actually better , in that it does n't seem to `` sling off '' of the tires . It offers very good adhesion , as well as an excellent shine . I 'll be back for more ! This is some good stuff .
 Had a P0340 code in my 2002 Oldsmobile Bravada . Cleared the code , plugged this in , and for $ 22 , the lights off . Hopefully it 'll stay off .
 This jacket has great quality and has been working well in our cool weather . It is very stiff and will take some time to break in , however , this is to be expected with some new leather jackets.Some reviews I read on the internet before buying stated it seemed to be a bit small in the length . I typically wear a size 44 US and the European sizing of 54 was perfect for my arm length and I have not felt any problems in the torso to waist length.The colors on this coat are vibrant -LRB- note that the picture appears to show white but it is actually silver -RRB- and I think if anyone ever pulls out in front of me and tries to say they did not see me they will likely be considered to be blind with this shade of orange topping the jacket.Overall I am stoked with this coat and it goes well with my '08 burnt orange/black Speed Triple.Hope this helps anyone considering this purchase.Jim AndersonYucca Valley
 This is a nice and robust jack . I wish the base were a little larger , but not a big deal . It does a great job of supporting an already lifted item , but do n't plan on using it to actually do the jacking . I bought these with the intent of using them to lift my Delorean to work on it -LRB- I had to work that into the review somehow ; fun car !! -RRB- as I hate the hassle of putting the floor jack under the rear and then getting the jack stands . Unfortunately , these jacks just ca n't be used to lift the weight , even with an air compressor driving the impact wrench . I do n't think it is these specific jacks though , it is the physics of this design . Too much force at the lowest height . Good for the recommended use however . Good price .
 Replaced the `` wimpy '' set that came on my trailer . Very impressed with the weight and construction of the jacks . Definitely a step up from what came on the coach . Well worth the price !
 Very strong . Good thick mounting platform . Still look new . For best results I use with a 24 volt drill . Very good product !!!
 The only thing I have against scissor jacks is that after they have been raised to the height prior to having to level my 31 ' RV , it requires quite a hefty force to raise it for leveling . The included socket and turn handle had the pin break at the socket and I had to improvise with an icepick for a temporary repair . A Camco socket that I purchased also for using fit perfect , but a 3/8 '' drill wanted to burn out tring to raise the jacks . I plan to use something more powerful next time . I 'd like to see some gearing on the crank to make the jack raise easier when leveling my rv . THe Jack does have the strength and ability to take the weight without any problem .
 Use for leveling not for jacking . Good heavy dutyscissors jacks weldable or bolt on . Great price.I recommend these .
 The jacks are as they were described . They are very heavy and should last a long time . They were very easy to install . I would recommend them to anyone .
 as described , good price , works very well , would recommend , the directions for installation were very good , easy to install A
 Very good price for a quality product , performs as expected easy to install and comes with all the hardware needed .
 Bought 4 of these to replace an old rusty set that was on my older camper . I like the lug nuts on the end much better than the old style . I was able to swap mine out by just removing the bolts and the old jacks and bolting this in the exact same place , no drilling was needed as the holes lined up perfectly for me .
 Bought 4 of these for my seasonal camper . They work great . Easy to crank up or down . Very stable . Should last a very long time . Snafu with shipping was dealt with promptly and professionally by Amazon . Very satisfied .
 Recieved in timely fashion in good condition , my wife goes to horse shows with a trailer that is a giant closet with show clothes . I put X-chocks between the wheels and the jacks under the rear at the door . I used the jacks to level the trailer , it made a very stable platform , I saw as many as 9 people in there at one time , it never moved . Very happy with the quality and construction .
 I liked the heaviness of the materials used . The installation hardware was terrific . The handle included was a nice deal .
 I ordered the Camco scissor jack pack of 2 to replace one of my scissor jacks that was locked up . I am so happy with how heavy duty they are that I ordered 2 more to replace all 4 of mine with these . very happy with this purchase !!
 I have GERD and needed a bed that can raise/lower . I welded two of these to the frame . Works great ... Saved $ 1000
 The quality of this part look and feels like OEM , AC Delco makes great parts , Amazon had the best price all around period .
 Easy to instal , looks really , really nice . Wish it came with bolts instead of self tapping screws , but getting bolts will put you out a whole 28 cents at your local hardware store . Would recommend this to everyone that has a 4 pin hookup .
 Easy to install . Great product . Just chuck up in your drill and screw to underside of bumper . Comes with self tapping screws . VERY HAPPY !!!!!!!!!!!
 Bracket was easy to install and worked just as I hoped it would ! Now my trailer cable is out of the way and wo n't get messed up being wrapped around the receiver !!
 This is a great attachment to your hitch receiver area . I keeps the wiring from dangling down as so many are want to do .
 A no holes required solution that can work with a simple mounting approach like heavy duty Velcro . At least until your are ready to drill ...
 This is a plastic clamp that goes around the standard flat wire end connector . It uses the cover already on the connector to cover then end . It holds the connector tightly.The screws to mount it are designed to go through sheet metal . I drilled and tapped holes in a 1/8 '' brace plate on my hitch to attach it using ordinary machine screws and star washers .
 Excellent product.Very easy to attach to the car.Looks beautiful on my car.Secures wires and easy to hook on trailer connection .
 Installed to bottom of bumper , pre-drilled holes and then screwed into bumper . Pretty simple , nothing complicated here , just make sure you get the appropriate 4-wire flat as it wo n't work with the Led 4-wire flat .
 I am extremely happy with this product.I was tried of my wires handing down off my hitch mount and bought this product to screw into the bottom of my hitch arms . Works perfect . Could n't be happier with it !
 When I ordered the hitch for my '96 Taco 4X4 , I also ordered the wiring setup , covers and this bracket at the same time . It makes the whole package look like the factory installed it .
 i ordered this , came quick , as decribed . looks great and highly recommended . mistake i made was when i ordered this , i ordered a 4 prong wire harness as well but didnt take note to what i was buying ... . i bought a square end 4 prong wire harness and this bracket is for the oblong oval shaped wire harness 's -LRB- as pictured -RRB- . basically this bracket is made specifically for the harness shown in pic and if you already have a harness , just make sure its the oval shape and not squared or you will be doing modifications to make it work .
 Holds the wire in place so it is easier to plug in your trailer line , and keep it from dragging on ground . The pictue is obviously for example of use . The title says `` bracket '' . It does n't say `` harness '' , etc. .
 This is a great way to keep those 4 wire connectors secured . How many times have you seen those wires hanging from the back of vehicals ? I bought 2 and put them on my PT Cruisers . I thought I was going to get the connector and wires , but you get a plastic hinged piece that sandwiches the 4 prong end and has holes for mounting to the bottom of the bumper . My connectors fit a little loose in the bracket , a wrap of tape enlarged the plug enough to make a tight fit . I suppose they had to make it large enough to fit some of the larger plugs too . Makes a nice neat installation .
 Awesome . Installed in about 5 minutes . The screws went right through my metal bumper , without drilling !
 Very nice product.Worked as advertised.Company was easy to work with and provided excellent customer service .
 I highly recommend this mounting bracket when you have a 4 wire flat trailer connector hanging loose around your bumper . The plastic bracket comes with a watertite cover for your connector and mounting screws . When mounted under your bumper it has a oem factory look and is very easy to plug you trailer into . Nothing is worse then having your connector just swinging in the wind under the bumper and having to get on your knees to retrieve it for a hookup .
 In the final stages of wiring my CanAm Spyder motorcycle to pull a newly purchased trailer , I used this to secure the terminal that is in the Hopkins 46255 power taillight converter .
 very easy to install.i has happy because it arrived quickly . this item works great . good product for the money . def recommend this product
 This product is exactly as described . And installed on the vehicle in about 20 minutes . It fits tightly into the stock fender brackets and there is no wobble . Ultimately it has fallen plague to the typical moisture inside the housing but that is easily fixed with a hairdryer and clear silicone . If you are looking to purchase this or a similar product I recommend putting a thin layer of silicon around the edge to seal up any leaks . All clear corners will get moisture , so do n't let this stop you from buying these . It is a 2.00 fix .
 This product works great from my experience . But depending on the damage , this product will not work on damages particularly if the damage is on the side wall . You will need to rotate the wheel to make sure the solution goes into the puncture . Also , I would imagine that bigger holes will not be fixed by this method.The main idea is that you do not have to be strong person or such handy man to get going after suffering from a flat tire . You do n't need an air pump/compressor as it also pumps some air into the tire . After attaching the can and pumping in the liquid , your tire will be off the ground about a few inches and you can drive 2 to 4 miles carefully to the closest gas station . Then you can have them fixed the tire , or if you do n't have the time , you can put some more air to what is recommended and you are good to go.I have been driving for 17 years now and I had 3 chances to use this product . The last time was last week , when my wife called me that the left rear tire of our Acura MDX was flat . Luckily it was just a couple of blocks away from the house where my wife drop my kids to school bus . Some products you may need to remove -LRB- unscrew -RRB- something from the valve , this one you do n't have to remove anything , it has a built-in tube that you directly attach to the valve.The whole can is gone in less than a minute . The solution looks like white foam which you can see passing through the clear transparent tube . You can see the tire rises up in just a few seconds after pressing the button . Our tire is big , it raised up the tire a couple of inches from the ground but obviously the rim is off the ground . I then have to used a portable pump to add more air into it . Initially it registered as 12.5 psi . I then pumped more air until it reached around 31 psi . 2 days after , the tire is still good . I am just waiting for my new tire to be delivered and I will replace the tire which anyway is just about close to the end of its life . The label on the can also recommend to have your tire professionally repaired at your earliest convenience.Cons : - freezes in cold weather
 I have at this point owned 4 cars in my driving career . When I got my first car , a sedan , I was given a can of Fix-A-Flat as a gift and it sat in the car for a while until I got a flat an hour from home and was able to fix it without issue . I never bothered to properly fix or replace the tire -LRB- despite the instructions on the can that say you need to get the tire professionally fixed or replaced -RRB- and it worked just fine.My second car , a sports car , suffered a flat and I then kept a can in the car , having learned from the first car . Again ... never replaced or fixed the tire and it handled sports car duty without issue.My third car , a much faster sports car , was off the road for an extended period and a tire lost pressure . I used Fix-A-Flat before it went back on the road and again never fixed or replaced the tire . With this car , the tire in question withstood track speeds over 140mph on a few occasions and never failed -LRB- possibly not the best idea , in hindsight , but it worked -RRB- . My current car , a brand new SUV , had a leak two weeks after I bought it . I used a Truck-sized can of Fix-A-Flat and drove the car for another 7000 miles before I needed a tire rotation . I had noticed this time that the off-balance weight of the hardened sealant in the tire was causing a slight judder when approaching 85mph , so I had the dealership scrape out the sealant and repair the tire when I got the rotation . They had no problem scraping it out and the tire was totally useable after the repair.I 've also used Fix-A-Flat on my mothers car when she got stranded , and on my girlfriend 's car for a slow leak . At this point I consider a can of Fix-A-Flat to be an absolute necessity in every car , and would pick it over a spare tire if I could only choose one or the other.Although there are probably good reasons why Fix-A-Flat says it 's not a long-term solution , I personally trust it with all speeds , conditions , and durations , and think the only reasons I 'd ever bother getting the tire repaired is in the event of thrown balancing or a high-performance sports car . You can trust it .
 Fix-A-Flat worked great for me on one of our older trucks that had a rim leak . Did n't really want to waste a lot of time getting the tire fixed so I tried Fix-A-Flat . Installed it just before I was going on a 20 minute drive so that would give it time to work . You do not want to just install it and leave it . The company recommends driving it immediately after adding Fix-A-Flat but Make Certain that you add enough air to the tire so it is at the manufacturer 's tire pressure . Do not drive on the tire if it is not at the correct air pressure.After 2 weeks , the tire is still sealed and has not lost any air pressure . Was definitely worth the money and the time it saved me.However , I would not recommend any type of tire fix in a can for newer cars/trucks with the Tire Pressure sensor monitoring system or for any type of high performance tire . I would not risk damaging the TPS in any way as that could be costly to fix . The truck that I used this on does not have TPS and the tires are about 5 years old -LRB- out of warranty -RRB- but relatively low mileage.Update , it has now been over 3 months and there is no loss of air pressure in this tire which means that Fix-A-Flat sealed the leak completely and effectively .
 I have had to use Fix-A-Flat twice . Thankfully , both incidents happened in a parking lot that was close to a store that sold Fix-A-Flat . The product worked well enough in both incidents to help bring me safely home . However , be aware that 1 can of Fix-A-Flat may not sufficiently inflate the tire - it depends on how bad the leak is . The problem arises when a significant volume of the air you put in using Fix-A-Flat escapes through the leak.In the first incident , I had to hook up a bike pump to the tire , and after working up a sweat and enduring the sniggers from a few passersby , I managed to get the tire fully inflated . In the second incident , I did n't have a bike pump . I had to empty 2 20-ounce cans of Fix-A-Flat just to get the tire merely partially inflated.Pros ----- Fast SealingThe compound works fast - in a matter of minutes ! The car has to be driven for a few minutes to ensure that the rubber compound evenly coats the inner wall of the tire to plug up any leaks.Cons ----- Insufficient AirDepending on how much the escaping air is antagonizing your efforts to inflate the tire , 1 can of Fix-A-Flat may not be enough .
 I 've never used this product before so did n't know what to expect so when the directions advised me to wait , squatting on arthritic foot/ankle , for minute after minute while the can emptied , I groaned but stayed with it.Remember
 The cans do n't keep their compression forever . Nonetheless they 're a better option than carrying a big ol' can of compressed air everywhere .
 Of course tires go flat at the worst times . This product does work if you follow the directions . But get the tire replaced / repaired ASAP . It is not a patch . Also , I am told by many tire professionals that they appreciate a heads-up that you 've used the product so that they do n't end up with a faceful of the sealant when they change the tires . Anyway , as a temporary , no other resource , tool , it does work within its limitations .
 Just as described , my son was very happy with this product when he opened the package . Well worth the money .
 The ` peace of mind ' factor is huge for some , like me , who dont have the back of a 20 year old , when we used to be able to throw one tire off and another on in 15 minutes like ' A Christmas Story ' . You wont be saying Fudge , or the other word , if you use these.The key
 I 've used this product at least half a dozen times over the past 10 + years , and it has never failed me . But then , I 've always used it on slow leaks only -- never on a dead-flat tire -- so I ca n't attest to its usefulness those cases . I also love that this stuff is available in nearly every grocery store , convenience store , gas station , et cetera . Just be sure to read the instructions/warnings on the can BEFORE purchasing .
 This product offers the short-term fix ... I dropped my AAA roadside assistance because I do n't drive more than 30 miles/week . BUT I had a flat tire , and in 110 degree heat wave , not interested in changing tires . So , I hiked and bought a can , and did as the directions said , and then found my way to inflate the tire , and drove another four miles . The endgame is that I 'll have it serviced tomorrow -LRB- assuming a nail or slow leak in the tire -RRB- , because they ca n't get me in tonight . NOT A PERMANENT FIX but gave me options ...
 As someone who knows absolutly nothing about cars & has slight social anxieties , this product is perfect . I do n't have to look like a dumbass going into a machanic w / a tire that has a slow leak & then get nervous when they start asking me technical questions that they figure i should know b/c my gender is male . So for those of you who are like me & were more interested in women & music growning up to be working on cars , this product will be perfect for you too .
 Got a flat from a slow leak and no spare , so I picked up a can of this stuff . I followed the directions and made sure to drive around immediately for about 3 miles . Then I brought the tire up near pressure and it 's holding , so I 'm sold.The thing is , when you remove the product hose from the valve stem some of the goop will ooze out , even with all the pressure of the can released . I had a rag handy but still got a bit on my hand . Nasty gasoline odor that evaporates very slowly . So make sure you have a rag for cleanup and wear a disposable rubber glove .
 I 've used this product before and while it 's a great temporary fix , another great way I have personally found of for repairing tires is using a high-quality tire sealant that seals the puncture or leak from the inside instantly . Since I 've had it in my car I have run over broken glass , nails and bottles without any issues . You can check it out here -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I got Fix-a-flat for all my daughters , my elderly mother , myself and my husband . I certainly hope the product works but I feel better by having it in the trunk .
 IN A NUTSHELL : WHAT DO YOU DO WHEN IT 'S RAINING & YOUR TIRE GOES FLAT IN WAL-MART 'S PARKING LOT?This happened to me today and I was scared out of my wits . I had an hour to get home before my six-year-old son got off the school bus . I was 25 miles away and I just saw my rear tire and knew it had no air in it . I recalled using this product about 6 years ago and that it worked , so I ran into Wal-Mart and skipped the items I had come shopping for and went straight to the automotive section to hunt for this stuff . Twenty minutes later , standing in the parking lot , I read the directions and realized that I had to try to find what was leaking and remove it if possible . After breaking a small screwdriver and bending a key for a car we sold 5 years ago , I managed to remove a nail that was about 4 inches long -- the trouble was that the rest of the air leaked out rather quickly once I pulled out the nail.READ AND FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS!The directions on the can stated that the valve stem had to be in the 8 o'clock position so I had my teenage daughter back the car up until the valve stem was at the 8 o'clock position . I shook the can for over 30 seconds as Angela timed me , then I screwed the hose attachment into the valve stem . It whooshed as a stream of white , foamy liquid rushed through the transparent tubing into the tire . I could hear air rushing in with it but then I recalled what had actually happened the last time I used this stuff about 6 years ago.You guessed it , the hole was towards the top of the tire and the foam never got there allowing the air to simply escape very nosily out the hole . Since the flat was in the rear of my front-drive Plymouth Voyager Minivan , I drove it to a gas station that I knew had air , about 6 miles away . I went about 25 mph and many people hailed me as they drove alongside to inform me that I had a flat tire.BUT THEN SOMETHING GOOD HAPPENEDBy the time I reached the Chevron Station with the air , still some 20 miles from our home , I was convinced that I had turned the flat tire into spaghetti and that we would miss the bus . Well , I am happy to report that this was not the case . From traveling slowly , the tire had circulated that white sealant foam and had heated up some due to the extra friction caused by running without air . I filled the tire up and to my surprise there was no sound of escaping air . The sealant held and I drove , at a somewhat reduced speed , the remaining 18-20 miles in about 38 minutes to get home about 2 minutes ahead of the bus.BOTTOM LINE
 I 've used this product for the last 10 years . I keep one in my trunk at all times . The Fix-A-Flat will work on small holes the size of nails . Shake it hard then add it to the tire like an air hose . The tire will inflat enough for you to drive it to a local gas station for air .
 If you are stuck , this may be the best money you ever spent . I was alone and in the cold . I put this together and was out of there in five minutes .
 The only reason I rated this product 4 and not 5 is that it 's not a permanent fix . None of the quick-fixes for flat tire in the aerosol cans can fix tires for long periods of time . Eventually , the sealant gives out under mileage or heat . Best thing to do is put on the spare and have it the flat tire patched . Also this product will not work if the hole it over a certain size . Makes sense , but it 's something to keep in mind.However it is good for quick fixes in bad situations . For example , when I got one on the bad side of town . Along a busy interstate might be a good example too . Or for someone who can not change it easily by themselves like the elderly , handicapped , some women and some men.I 've heard that the pool of sealant that is left in the bottom of your tire after its been sealed with fix-a-flat can eat away at your tires but I 'm not certain of that at all . There 's mixed ideas about whether it does or not .
 I had a flat tire , and I knew the tire had to be replaced since the side was punctured previously . I emptied one of these babies in my bad tire , went to a gas station , filled to proper pressure , and guess what ? I am still using the same tire . This was about a month ago . This stuff fixed the flat tire .
 The New Generation Star -LRB- NGS -RRB- Tester - Ford Rotunda/Hickok - is a must for any Ford mechanic needing a low cost diagnostic tool . From resetting the key-less door code to MAF fuel parameters ; it is a tool box must . I lost a lot of money waiting to borrow one . Just working on my neighbor 's Ford vehicles paid for this tester .
 It is amazing how many people drive nice cars , but have marred them with horrible looking license plate mounting jobs . It is so easy to do it well . Buy a set of these thin , black frames . -LRB- Note - check your license plate brackets first to make sure you can use frames with them . Especially the front plate . -RRB- Then use * four * * black * screws to screw them in . Align the screw slots for that final obsessive-compulsive touch.I like these Cruiser frames because they are extremely thin , made of metal , and have a nice black finish that will last a long time . They fit where other frames wo n't . I knocked one star off the review because , as others have noted , they could have been a mm or two taller . As it is though , when you tighten them down , things will flatten slightly and the plate edges should just tuck inside . If not , make sure the excess sticks out the bottom so no one will notice .
 why advertise and cover your plate ? buy your own these are great and thin enough so you still show the plate well
 This plate rim is perfect , as it is black , thin and does n't block any state-required writing , which you could be given a ticket for . It also keeps your license plate from bending , like through car washes , which is why I bought it . Nice .
 Great minimal frame that highlights your plate without blocking anything . Provides a finished look to the rear of any car .
 Purchased these for the wife 's Lexus SC . Perfect fit and nice slim finished look on the car . I did have to take off the lower mounting tabs because they are not used on this car . Did that with my Dremel tool no problem . Very nice and price was right .
 These licence plate frames are great for any car owner wanting a simple solution for unsightly licence plate edges . The product made my car look a lot better . When I received the frames -LRB- I bought four - two for two cars -RRB- I was impressed by the quality . The metal they are made of is sturdy and the black coating seems very durable . I recommend this item to anyone into simple , modern and minimalistic style for their automobiles .
 If you are looking for that simple , under-stated finishing touch in a black metal license plate frame -- this is it . I re-sprayed mine wih a few more coats of rustoleum for added insurance against the elements in New England , but that was my choice .
 I will always order from putco they always send my order out right away , it always comes ahead of time and in perfect condition . They are a very professional company to order from I love shopping with them .
 In my opinion , money well spent . Increases air flow for noticeable difference in pickup . Does n't increase engine noise as might have been expected . You need some type of air filter after all , and I totally recommend this one .
 These cans work fine on a regular car tire . As this is being written in mid-winter , folks should read the directions and make sure -LSB- as the manufacturer suggests -RSB- that the can is reasonably warm for best results.I 've used them for several flats and slow leaks over the last 25 years , and they 've worked beautifully.Note
 These are good light duty stands . The only problem is when you get a load on it and try to raise by hand the circular piece on top does not want to turn and will bend/shape to what ever you are resting on it . If it is holding an axle it will form to a cancave shape . Still a usable stand .
 The aluminum bases ` telescope ' together and the steel bolts can get pulled out for easy compact storage . They are lightweight so that helps with overall vehicle weight . My RV trailer has two built-in stabilizers in the back and when adding these two additional stabilizers under the chassis -LRB- frame -RRB- at left and right in the front , it makes a HUGE difference for stabilizing the trailer . Use jack pad -LRB- s -RRB- or wood block -LRB- s -RRB- as needed for a bit more height.I would not recommend ` lifting ' the RV and taking all the weight off the tires , however load up these stabilizers with some of the load and eliminate much of the movement of the RV .
 Lightweight to carry , but holds my trailer solid as a rock . When I bent the tongue jack on a steep incline -LRB- yes it was fully retracted -RRB- , I knew I would need more support in the front , and these are just what the doctor ordered . And they fit perfectly on theseTri-Lynx 00015 Lynx Leveler for RVfor added height .
 Putting a pair of these stack jacks about midway between the rear axles and the front of our 5th wheel RV took the shake and bounce away . We now have a much more solid feeling . It 's best to get some 2 `` x12 '' boards cut to use under the jacks so they do n't have to be cranked out to their full extension . I highly recommend this low cost solution to trailer bounce and shake .
 As with all camco products the quality is up to the grade you would expect . Plan on lubricating the threads of this simple screw jack when you first put it in service as it will be had to operate and bind when used unlubricated .
 I put these under the folding step on our camper . They work well to support the step from flexing and getting weak .
 Purchased a pair of these for lifting small boat trailer so tires would not be on the pavement . Not quite long enough , so had to elevate with some bricks . Not sure it would handle a heavy load , but light load -LRB- about 500 lbs in my case -RRB- is OK . Nicely constructed , lightweight , aluminum . Would buy again !
 lightweight but effective for keeping my boat trailer tires off the ground a quarter inch during winter storage . Says they are n't for lifting , but my boat is n't huge and like I said the tires are only off the ground a tiny bit .
 Very lightweight . It is just what I needed to help stabilize a little box trailer & not have to pump a handle . I can unscrew it just enough to slide it out & tuck it in the corner , ready for the next time .
 I use them for my tent trailer . They are a bit smaller than I had hoped but worked after placing some wood under them .
 I bought this filter for my golf 1998 and it fitted perfectly in the factory air box and i can fill a little more power and more mpg . Pretty happy
 Bought this for my 98 jetta got about an extra 2 to 3 miles per gallon so about 29 to 43 miles per tank extra . These are highway miles
 The average price for this filter at any autoparts store $ 45.00 to $ 60.00 . I got 3 of those from amazon for less than $ 40.00 -LRB- on sale -RRB- I 'm a big fan of this filters . I have a 09 Tahoe , 91 300zx tt , and a 97vw cabrio and they all have a k & n ; air filter . For one it pays for it self , the average replacement filter runs Arround $ 8.00 to $ 15.00 dlls.So , when u clean this filter for the third time it 's already paying off , and they still look great . I do n't use them for the performance , but for the gas saving purposes , every little helps . The one that benefit the most was the vw cabrio , it went from 380 miles on a full tank -LRB- combined city and high way -RRB- to 420 . the Tahoe does great on long trips . I strongly recommend this part .
 I bought this Air Filter for my Lexus IS-F . K&N does not list a drop-in filter for my application . However I belong to a number of automobile forums , and one of them had a thread on this filter . This filter is specified for use on Volkswagen vehicles , however , even though K&N does n't say it will work in my Lexus , it seems to fit just fine . I have used K&N products for years , and have been very satisfied with them . You just must be sure not to over oil the air filters .
 Long time fan of K&N products ... slight gas mileage increase and possibly more power at the throttle . I 'll never buy another filter again .
 This is the 4th K&N filter I 've purchased -LRB- for my cars -RRB- . Noticed the difference soon as I installed it faster response better gas mileage . Great product for the price .
 I 'd been wanting to switch over to a fabric filter from the disposable paper filters for a couple of years . After toying with the idea of building a cold air intake , I just decided to use the retrofit filter . I 'm sorry I waited so long.I originally wanted one of these filters to get better mileage out of my engine . So far , that 's not been the case ... I get just about the same . I do notice , though , that acceleration is easier and and that the engine seems to run a bit cooler . I 'm very conservative as a driver , so I ca n't really speak much about any racing performance boost , but it 's certainly not doing any harm.My only reservation for getting a fabric filter was the expense ; however , I have no doubt that it will pay for itself over time . For every three or four filters you 'd have changed out , you 'll only have to clean and reoil this filter . The clean/reoil kit costs about as much as one disposable filter , but is good for about 3-4 cleanings . Since it only requires these every 50,000 miles , it should last the life of your car.In the end , you get better performance and it 's cheaper ... what 's not to like ? I recommend replacing your paper filters sooner rather than later .
 There is nothing more to say . It worked , Just a bracket ... What more do you want , the thing worked . No big deal . Kind of silly to describ your experience for a bracket .
 Easy to follow instructions , quick installation . Arrived very quickly and was as described . Would definitely buy from this company again .
 Includes mounting hardware . Holes line up perfit . The bracket holds up to the mounting and unmouting of the wiring harness .
 The product listed is easy and simple to install , and looks like a factory part when installed on my Chevy truck . Great product !
 This is a simple sheet metal mounting bracket , but the depression grooves at the 90-degree angle bend act like gussets to reinforce it . The slot at the end opposite the angled bend allows the wiring of your trailer wiring connector to pass through the edge of the bracket without removing the wires from the connector . If this is a first time new installation of the trailer wiring and connector then this is n't important because you can simply run the wiring through this mount before attaching the wires to the connector . However , if you 're using this bracket to replace a bracket that was previously mounted and damaged -LRB- as was the case for me -RRB- , and are thus re-using the old wiring and connector , this bracket allows a very simple , easy remount without disconnecting any wires . In that case , you 'll just have to cut a slot in your old bracket to allow the wiring to be removed from it.One would think that the slot in this bracket would cause some weakness or flexibiliity in it , but once you 've screwed your wiring connector receptacle 's flange to the bracket it is very solid , especially considering the thickness of the sheet metal in the bracket . The only negative comment I might make is that the large hole in the bracket is located about an inch farther from the bend than necessary , at least for my installation . Once installed , that means the bottom of the bracket -LRB- or the top as you look at the photo of the product shown here -RRB- hangs down an inch farther than necessary making it more susceptible to damage while off-roading , and that 's why I needed to replace my bracket in the first place -LRB- ^ _ * -RRB- !
 useful for the project Sturdy and well made , but is also included in 47185 multi tow adapter but does not list this in description
 Ordered this Hopkins 48615 Mounting Bracket to replace the missing one Brake control on the RV that we purchased . It was exactly what we needed .
 This bracket is not very rigid but it will do the job if you mount it in a safe place .
 THE HOPKINS MOUNTING BRACKET IS NOT MORE THAN A PIECE OF METAL STAMPED OUT AND BENT TO ACCOMMODATE THE HOPKINS ADAPTER BUT , IT 'S A SMALL ENOUGH GAGE METAL THAT ALLOWS ONE TO BEND AND SHAPE IT TO MOUNT THE ADAPTER WHERE ON THE REAR OF A VEHICLE ONE DESIRES WITHOUT MOLESTING THE SHAPE OF THE RECEPTOR . I FOUND THAT SELF TAPPING SCREWS ARE THE KEY TO THIS LITTLE PIECE OF TIN . ALTHOUGH THE BRACKET COMES WITH SCREWS AND NUTS AND WASHERS FOR MOUNTING THE ADAPTER ITSELF . WITHOUT THE HOPKINS BRACKET THE AMOUNT OF WORK WOULD HAVE COMPOUNDED . GET ONE . YOU 'LL SAVE TIME AND MAYBE NOT MANGLE UP YOUR REAR END . DON OUT .
 Well , the review request came before the rest of the parts . I originally ordered a brake control kit that uses this mount . Unfortunately , that brake control was discontinued but I still received the mount . It 's pretty self-explanatory and over analyzing it would be too much to read about and overkill . It 's a mount ! When the rest of the RE-order gets here , and I put it together and use it , I 'm sure I wo n't be disappointed . IF I would have had a metal brake , I 'm sure I could have made my own but such is life ... Live another day ...
 Along with the light plug I bought , the two in combination worked great . Easy mounting and complete with screws . Made the project easy to do . A very short process and I had lights to my trailer .
 After Tractor Supply Company -LRB- TSC -RRB- chose to drop the Valspar paint line for Majestic Paint , -LRB- A bad choice as far as I 'm concerned -RRB- I was in a jam as I was right in the middle of a refurbishing of a antique tractor . I needed Valspar Transport Yellow to match what I started with . Lucky to find the aresol spray cans on Amazon to touch up areas that I needed to finish and match the paint I started with . Valspar has been around for a long time with a great product . A name to trust .
 Good transaction ! Needed paint to finish a project and I was emailed when product was available . Thank you very much !
 I had purchased this item at a local hardware store , when I went back for more they told me theyno longer carried it . I was glad to see you had the exact same product . Thanks for helping to finish ourproject .
 This paint matches the old Federal Yellow which was used on the older Cub Cadets.The paint lays down nicely , dries quickly and has a high gloss.I recommend it for Cub Cadet restorations along with the Valspar Cub Cadet Beige .
 Worked great . Spray was even and precise . There was no running or blotches . Went on perfectly.I would recommend it to anyone who wants a nice even paint job . It is a great product .
 This is a great product . It replaced my stock paper air filter in my '97 Accord and now she purrs like a kitten . I can feel the power gains and the engine does n't feel strangled anymore . The best part is the lifetime -LRB- million mile -RRB- warranty . Enjoy !
 recently purchased a new car for myself . . or new to myself . . 1999 Acura CL.I wanted to replace the air filter and have always been a fan of K&N ; products . This being said , I took a look online and found that Amazon , had the best price for the air filter . . by about 20bucks on some sites . . Placed my order on a Wednesday and it was at my house by Friday.Easy install . . you can either use a philips head screw driver , or an 8mm socket with an extension.the socket way is easier in my opinion . . only 4 screw/bolts to undo.Took about 10min to install . .
 Baught this for 20 $ cheaper than anywhere else . Easy to install and works great . Im even getting 2 more mpg !
 It 's been a few weeks since I installed the air filter . So far I see a small increase in mileage -LRB- + 1 or 2 miles per gallon -RRB- my 94 accord hits at higher rpms quicker . Over all I 'm very satisfied with the air filter . This is a BUY !
 Bought the K&N primarily because it is washable and reusable . What 's not to like when you can reuse it 3 or 4 times and break even with just buying disposables ? Did n't notice any difference in gas mileage -LRB- slightly disappointed -RRB- but my car hits the higher RPMs when accelerating hard with less resistance and complaint than before -LRB- smoother and no choking or hesitation -RRB- Could have just been time to replace the old one anyway . Regardless , I like it .
 I recently bought this for my parents 1996 Honda Accord . I 've been modifying cars for several years , and me and my friends have used K&N filters before . In this application I immediately noticed a difference in throttle response and power . On the drive to a friends house I accelerated from 60-85ish on the freeway and found the new power to be noticeable . They have also observed a slight -LRB- .61 mpg -RRB- increase in fuel economy . The best part is never buying another one !! All in all we are happy with the filter .
 Great Filter , slight improvement in performance and maintenance free . highly recommended .
 Well constructed box , good quality hinges and should adequately protect the 4-wire adapter from most cargo . Just was n't as useful for my purposes since it was too small to hold more than a few inches of cable ; I was hoping to tuck most of the cable in with the adapter .
 I 'm purchase and Installed a K&N air Filter in all my cars and including family and friends . I do n't think you get a noticeable increase in HP in cars with cars with no modifications . But this filter is good because its reusable and pays for itself after 4 cleanings . It does flow alot more air than a stock paper filter . I 've installed them on -LRB- BMW Z4 , Toyota Corolla , BMW 330i , Mazda Miata , Buell bike , Path Finder , Acura Integra , ... -RRB- and never had problems . Every 5000-10 ,000 miles I take it out and use the recharge kit to clean and re-oil it , at 3000 miles I just take it out and tap the large trapped particle out and put it back in . If your busy just keep the old paper filter and put it back in your car as you wait for the K&N filter to dry out so you can oil it . -LRB- If you own a car like the Audi A4 turbo 1.8 or 2.0 motor , that take like 1 hour to get the filter out and put back in , you might want to buy 2 or wait for it to dry and do it once -RRB-
 I use K&N ; filters on all of my cars.I think its worth spending extra few bucks knowing that the engine will have enough clean air to breathe .
 I bought this air filter for my 325i and I am so glad that I did ! This air filter has increased my gas mileage by 2 mpg and the engines feels more powerful ! This was a great product and I am so happy that I purchased it .
 there is really no other reason to buy this air filter other then the 1,000,000 mile warranty . Unless your car 's supercharged or turbocharged dont expect an increase in horsepower . However I did find my MPG to increase by around 10 % . My BMW E36 323iC averaged around 32 MPG on highway , now tough I get 35-38 on the highway !
 Perfect fit for '99 M3 . Do n't notice any change in power but a slight increase , about 1 mpg , in fuel economy .
 This is the better quality filter I 've ever seen . Lifetime warranty . . increase my engine performance.Highly recommended for those who live their cars . .
 v fd v f regvf b vc v df g f th trh yn tr s fds btf hyu ikuh f
 This tensioner fixed belt noise caused by worn out tensioner . Belt stays tight and smooth now . Recommended .
 I own a 2001 ford expedition and have changed my shocks twice since than . Last shocks were Monroe Magnum , they did not perform or control the truck the way i expected . The truck still had a lot of sway and bounce to it , did n't really like how it handle on freeway . 20,000 miles later i done some research on kyb Monomax , and decided to install them myself . I have ` No REGRETS ' , these are by far better quality and are just what i was looking for .
 I put 2 of them in my Dodge Viper and could hear and feel the difference compared to the factory ones .
 Got the lenses quickly . Got exactly what I ordered . Packed well , no damage . Was surprised they came with bulbs ... I was n't expecting it too , but I was only concerned with getting the lenses , so I may have missed it in the product description .
 I bought these to replace the sidemarker lights on the mustang only because the weather stripping was completely worn out . these look great . the rubber could use a little work , but for the price i 'm not gon na complain .
 As sooon as i open the box they looked great , i was unsure how they would look cause of the price . The order came really soon , 2 day . When installing all i needed was a 7/16 socket i think , i dont really remember but it was just one nut for each , it took 10 mins for both . Great product , it even came with the ember bulbs .
 Get this if you need vacuum pump oil . I received the black bottle not the clear bottle pictured , which is what I was hopping for anyway .
 About a year ago I bought aGates 38157 Belt Tensioner Assemblyfor a 2001 Dodge Ram 2500 diesel truck . It had a `` Made in Korea '' sticker on it . In less than a year the accessory drive belt started squealing . I was sure it could ' t be the Gates tensioner because it was so new , because after all , the original tensioner installed by Dodge lasted almost 10 years . So I replaced the drive belt twice -LRB- two different brands -RRB- and then the alternator , but the squealing continued . At this point I decided to try replacing the tensioner again.In researching which brand of tension to buy , I stumbled across a post on a forum that said Dayco supplies tensioners to Mopar -LRB- Dodge -RRB- . I ordered this one from Amazon for half what Dodge wanted and got it in 2 days using Amazon Prime . I installed it and the belt squealing has completely STOPPED!In comparing the Gates tensioner to the Dayco , the main differences seem to be :1 . The Dayco has better idler pulley alignment with the rest of the pulleys in the accessory drive system .2 . The Gates tensioner did n't pivot smoothly ... . it feels sticky in its movement . The Dayco pivots smoothly .3 . The Dayco tensioner pulley is made of a composite material whereas the Gates appears to be made of metal .4 . The Dayco tensioner looks identical to the original from Dodge , right down to the markings on it .5 . The Dayco tensioner says `` Made in the USA '' on both the box and cast into the unit itself.The bottom line
 After reading customer reviews , I did additional research about the product.All good . Without any modifications -LRB- performance parts -RRB- I will gain MPG with my car .
 I bought this to replace my original 2.3 L Ford tensioner and was very impressed with the quality of it . Dayco still makes good stuff these days .
 Standard light bulb not much you can say . Hope you get a good price and they last a long time .
 NO MORE BRAKE FILTH ! Quiet , similar stopping to OEM after break-in . Packaging could be better - Pads arrived loose in the box .
 Royal Purple is simply the best - better than all the rest ... ! My Harley runs cooler and smoother after switching from Harley ` synthetic ' to Royal Purple.All of my vehicles , including the lawn mower , use this oil .
 In my opinion some of the best synthetic motorcycle oil on the market . I have run this since I bought my 2008 1000rr new . Works Great
 I 'm really happy with the way it looks I feel I was taken care of by customer service since they called me to let me know they sent me a new one because somehow the last one got bent , really cool . But I did not seem to realize it only comes as 1 not a set so now I have to buy another lol but that 's fine its really awesome looking and will be SWEET on my 2009 Dodge Challenger !! Thanks GuysAlex
 Sure , it 's fine . It 's an air filter . It fits . And apparently I need to write at least eleven more words .
 I chose these carbon metallic pads from Performance Friction -LRB- front and rear -RRB- for my 2002 Ford Excursion 4X4 with 7.3 L Powerstroke diesel . I love how these pads brake and they seem to be holding up very well under the extreme demands of such a heavy vehicle . I feel confident in these Performance Friction pads knowing they will brake reliably and keep the 9 + members of my family safe . My only complaint is that they seem to create an unusual amount of dust especially on the front wheel/rim . It is noticeably more dusty than my previous pads , probably motorcraft brand . I wanted to go with ceramic pads , but it seemed that carbon metallic was a higher grade and ceramic was too soft . So , I decided to go with carbon metallic from Performance Friction . My other identical Excursion -LRB- with 2WD -RRB- has Servere Duty pads -LRB- front and rear -RRB- from Napa , they brake very well . They are not making my wheels as dirty as the carbon metallics are , I believe these are semi-metallic pads . We shall see how they compare as both sets were installed within months of each other . I hope this review was helpful to you .
 I bought these lenses for my '01 Expedition and they look great . The only down side is that my headlights look like crap now :-RRB- . They also look really good at night when they are on .
 I had tried two other sets of lights to replace my original Ford headlights . Both sets had the corner/park/turn lights and the headlights all in one complete assembly . The fit was very tight and did not fit in the molding as the original lights did . After going through two sets of ` problem ' lights , I decided to replace the lights with separate assemblies as were originally installed . I purchased these lights along with a set of ` Eagle Eyes ' headlights -LRB- also purchased from Amazon -RRB- . Installed these new lights in less than 5 minutes a side . They fit as well or possibly better than the OEM lights . The look is great . Highly recommend these lights .
 Bought these along with the ACDelco rotors -LSB- ... -RSB- to put on my wife 's Town and Country . Its been two weeks since installing them and they work well with no noise , if that changes I will update the review .
 Purchased this item on Amazon for my daughter , we both feel better and assured whenever she have to park her car for any period of time . It also matches the steering wheel cover . excellent price , Totally satisfied with this purchase .
 back in the day , it was the rage . It worked as it was suppose to but on a different vehicle . I was still pleased with it and it still stored in my vehicle .
 The air filter is okay and I can recommend it to my friend and anyone . Item delivered was as it was advertised .
 What can I say , ACDelco - original part . Great price , install was easy . Check Engine light came on the day after I installed it - but I hear that is common . Independant testing rated this better - for particle protection - than K&N , so I 'm good with it .
 I purchased this seat cover for a 1998 Jeep Wrangler Sport . Upon receiving these cover , I immediately felt it was of high quality and I 've allowed some time to elapse to review it . It 's great . When your Jeep gets dusty , you can brush dirt/dust off with your hand or wipe with a towel . I 'm glad I chose black because my kids ca n't seem to make these covers look dirty ! I 've also noticed the seat covers warm up pretty quick on cold days . I 'm not sure if it 's clear from the product description , but this cover does not have any pockets . If this cover had some pockets , I would give it 5 stars .
 Easier to put on than I thought they would be . It looks good and hopefully once the dogs ride in the Jeep , it will hold up .
 I got this seat cover after buying the bucket seat ones so I could have a matching set for my 2000 Jeep Wrangler . They look freakin sweet and made my jeep look like it was brand new . They are super classy and the ideal seats because they 're waterproof . They 're comfortable and easy to clean . They get hot in the sun , but even after leaving it in direct sunlight without a top on I never felt they were too hot , and once I was driving I did n't notice them really . These covers are a really sweet way to make your jeep look really nice and they have a nice durable feel to them .
 The tensioner fit exactly and was easy to install . The price and quality were outstanding , easily beating anything locally available .
 Ordered this after going to the garage and almost spending over & 100 for them to put one on the Explorer only they could n't get one that fit after trying 3 from various parts stores . This one fit perfect the first time and cost me less than $ 30 a year later when the original part finally failed .
 This is the second filter I have had on my Honda . The first one got dirty , so I compared the cost of `` re-charging '' the old one vs purchasing a replacement . Turns out the costs are about the same -LRB- utilizing Amazon 's amazing buying power ! -RRB- ; so why would I want to go through the steps of cleaning and recharging the old , when I could get a replacement for about the same price and avoid the mess and cleanup hassles ?? ... DUHHH `` A No-Brainer '' !!! BTW ; these are amazing filters . I noticed an immediate increase in horsepower and better mileage when I installed the original filter . Ca n't say enough good about K&N ; products !!
 You will like this generator ! I shopped and shopped . I went to Harbor Freight , Sears , and Tractor Supply . I read a lot of opinions . I became increasingly concerned about Chinese made generators that are lacking recognizable name brand components . Check the RV sites . Many talk about cheap Chinese engines and alternators and a lack replacement parts . I am sure that not all of them are bad , but how do you know which ones are good ? I bought this for Emergencies . I ca n't see skimping here.It came down to this generator versus a Honda . Honda generators are much more expensive Remember , Honda powered is NOT the same as a Honda brand generator . You may not know who or where the generator head is made.Set up was fairly easy . I should mention that this unit weighs over 200 # . Thus , you may need some assistance in moving it . It took a few pulls to get the fuel in to the carb for the first time , but then it fired right up and ran smoothly.I run ONLY synthetic oil and recommend that you do too . You can run straight 30 weight oil , but if it gets below 40 degrees , you can damage the engine , per the manual.I loaded it with high watt halogen bulbs and ran the 12 volt DC charger at the same time . I ran my air compressor . It never flinched.Why this generator is better :1 . Voltage regulation -LRB- others brands do n't have it at anywhere near this price -RRB- 2 . It is built like a tank with tubular steel construction .3 . It has Briggs & Stratton 's best COMMERCIAL engine on it -LRB- it is actually built in Japan-no quality explanation needed here -RRB- .4 . You can get parts for it .5 . I really like the idle down feature . If the load decreases it goes back to idle within about 5 seconds.Areas that could be improved ? Maybe it is a bit noisy , but that is not an issue for me . Hondas are supposed to be quite quiet . I have not heard one run .
 Bought it from Amazon for $ 664 , then the price dropped to $ 631 ! Amazon credited me the $ 33 , and its great ! I got it mid March , 2008 , and it was here in 3 days . Unpacked , Oiled , Gassed , 1 pull and it started right up ! Has `` Vanguard '' Briggs engine -LRB- commercial model with extra warranty -RRB- , and oil - pressure lubrication for long life . This model has all outlets GFCI protected for OSHA jobsite approval . I loaded it with 2000 watts of quartz lights , and 3000 watts of electric heaters , and it handled it with ease . This has to be the best deal going on a quality generator .
 Have n't operated it yet -LRB- waiting for electrician to finish standby connection circuit box -RRB- , but it arrived in timely fashion ; parts were all there and unit was easy to assemble .
 These are great looking , unfortunately I had to return them because they do n't install on a 2005 Grand Jeep Cherokee . Other wise I would have kept them
 After moving to central Florida earlier this year we were hit with an unprecedented four hurricanes in a row -LRB- Charlie , Frances , Ivan , and Jeanne -RRB- . The first three resulted in power outages of nearly a week after each . After suffering from heat and humidity with no air conditioning , and losing the contents of our refrigerator each time , we decided to get a generator as soon as one was available for sale -LRB- there were none to be had in the state for over a month after the first two hurricanes ! -RRB- This unit was easy to set up and operate . It starts on the first try each time , and produces sufficient power to keep a small air conditioner , a refrigerator and a few lights going . It also effortlessly powers a microwave and coffee maker -LRB- although not simultaneously -RRB- . The ground fault interrupt protection is a great safety feature , and the start-up surge output will protect any appliances you have plugged in on initial starting . It runs steady with a constant , clean supply of power , although it is noisy . The noise is a small price to pay when you are without power for six straight days.A few things you need to know about this -LRB- or any generator -RRB-
 Fits as it should on 2002 Avalon , I used the existing bracket , it 's a little tight in there but taking your time is doable , recomend to undo gas line nut at bottom of filter first with bracket still attached and do n't turn it to many times thinking that is not unscrewed when it is . So far filter is performing well
 if your application is correct , these coils are just the ticket . i got a set for a 2001 mazda tribute 3.0 v6 . had a missfire problem and i knew the plugs were replaced not long ago . fixed the problem in fine style . good price w good delivery - free !!!
 Why should you need a review of an ignition coil ? Unlike that bestselling latest novel from some overly analytical , self-absorbed , new-wave twenty something , this is an ignition coil . If you got a Ford based product that specifies this model ignition coil , this is the coil for you . I laughed , I cried , I got all girly inside .
 Along with it being handy to store toys , it is also wonderful to protect your seat from unfortunate spills and sickness . I 've had both
 It takes cares of your car seat and has a valuable pockets to keep small toys . The material looks and feels decent . I strongly recommend this for your car .
 This item is great ... My nine month old likes to have toys on our trips . So this item is just what we needed ; it 's durable , easy to clean and a great place to store my little girl 's toys without the car being cluttered !
 Purchased two of these car seat protectors and very pleased with the quality . It helps prevents the base to the car seat from sliding across the leather seat . Also , helps prevent the base from marking up the leather seats . Lastly the pockets in front are very useful . I would recommend this product .
 only needed driver 's side shade , but now have both . Fits nicely on my Crown Vic , but wish it applied under chrome strip instead of over . Accomplished what I bought it for -- crack window without getting wet .
 parts are getting harder and harder to find for my 86 cherokee with the rare 4 cyl built be AMC . mine is a real jeep , not a chrysler nock off
 This was easy to install and does the job really well . It makes my Ridgeline look sporty and attractive and took all of about five minutes to install . It feels light and thin , but this is my first one and I am not aware of how thick and rigid other brands are . As far as the job it is doing , I am totally satisfied with it and having a thicker or more rigid brand will not make a difference to me . Great buy and the price was considerably less than Honda is selling theirs for ... about $ 180 less if memory serves me correctly . Great buy !!
 I had an idling problem and this solved it . My car is 13 years old so I think the old one just wore out .
 This product was exactly what I ordered.It was a GREAT price.Really saved me alot of money and I recieved it THE NEXT DAY !! The price was cheaper than even a salvage yard.It was works and does everything it is suppose to do.You can not go wrong on this !
 This generator is a quality unit . The engine is a V-twin Vanguard with full pressure lubrication and an oil filter like a car has . The Vanguard is the top engine in Briggs and Stratton 's line and easily compares to the V-twin Honda engines . The generator is a solid unit with idle control and auto voltage regulation -LRB- AVR -RRB- . The twin handles are solid and fold down when not needed . It is not as loud as some cheaper units . However , it can easily be heard . The unit has both a recoil starter and an electric starter . With reasonable care and routine maintenance -LRB- engine oil , oil filter and air filter changes -RRB- , this unit should last for many years.As with any unit of this type the new user must be aware of certain points . Gasoline will grow stale in a month . Stabil , a fuel stabilizer additive , will only extend the life of the gas to a maximum of 1 year . While the oil itself does not wear out , it contains additives to prevent corrosion and oxidation . These are depleted in operation of the unit . Regular oil and filter changes are important . Once the unit has been put into operation , the initial oil should be changed after 5 to 8 hours . Briggs and Stratton recommends a full synthetic oil be used such as Castrol Syntec 10w30 . If the unit is to be stored for an indefinite period of time , months , years , then some other procedures should be done . They are not hard , but take some time . In order
 Nothing special about this product , just a replacement part . But it was the right part , came as described , and shipped quickly .
 I used the Duplicolor Silver hvp103 to dye the seats , door panels and roof -LRB- targa -RRB- liner in my 1982 Corvette . The color was consistent , worked very well on the plastic and vinyl , and produced even , smooth and professional looking results . There were times when it seemed to go on too thin , but son of a gun when it dried , it just looked great . I take a lot of pride in my Corvette and I would not have tolerated anything less than a great looking job . The only thing I could say negative about the product is that the cans seemed to run out of paint too soon .
 This unit is a good replacement at a good price , and it 's done the job well so far the last few thousand miles . Changing one on a 2003 Dodge Durango R/T 5.9 L was not overly difficult , with some patience . It 's not what I 'd call a Heavy Duty unit , but I assume it would do the job -LRB- along with the clutch fan -RRB- . It was VERY inexpensive on Amazon , and a chain auto parts store wanted $ 189.99 !!!! I paid about $ 77 and it was delivered in 2 days via Amazon Prime : - DDo n't forget to use a small piece of electrical tape in the socket to hold hidden bolts in the socket to start them - -LRB- and be careful not to cross thread them -RRB- . Just take a tiny piece of elec tape about the size of a postage stamp and stick it to the inside wall of the socket - the bolts will stay until they 're safely threaded in place.Footnote
 For those of you who have replaced your fan clutch with an aftermarket to save money you need to throw that piece of junk away . The aftermarket companies insist that having your fan roar at all times and robbing you of all power is normal including on a cold day when you are driving around and not idling . I tried all the aftermarket brands trying to save money and finally gave up thinking I was doomed to lose all power and quietness in my truck.Finally I saw Ford branch clutch for cheaper than anywhere else by at least $ 70 at decided to try it . Now that I went back to the factory unit the truck is n't any warmer , just smarter . When it needs more cooling such as when idling the clutch grabs more making the fan work harder . When I am driving down the highway and the forward motion does the work the fan does n't interfere . The aftermarket units would just roar while going down the highway . Did I mention the power ? I still am suprised at how much power I got back as well and yet the trucks temperature has n't moved at all.So if you like me and tired of all of the lost power and the loud roaring on acceleration where people think you are trying to race then go back to the Ford part . You wo n't be sorry .
 Product arrived on time as promised . Product meet and exceeded my needs . Very sturdy yet light unit . THANKS !!! I highly recommend this product to anyone looking .
 This was a bargain compared to other places . It is a great accessory for any truck . I like having the back up lite in it also . It really brightens up more than I anticipated .
 I buy Marvel Air Tool Oil to Use In Gummed Up Air Tools That Are Getting Slow and Weak . It Cleans Them Out Really Well . After Their Clean , I Go Back To Using Other Brands of Air Tool Oil .
 I have been using Marvel Air Tool Oil for several years . I always make it a habit to lubricate my air tools often and I have never experienced an air tool failure . This oil works great , comes in a compact size with an easy to use applicator . Normally I buy this at the local Auto Parts , but recently I have n't been able to find it on the shelves . So I turned to Amazon where the price and shipping was excellent for a product I know that works .
 It oils my nailer and they always have extra pep after some oil . Does what its supposed to . 2 more words .
 My local harware store wanted to sell me a gallon jug - I felt that was going to be a &#34; lifetime &#34; supply , so I wasplease to be able to order this small size .
 Probably the best air tool oil I 've used . Also like that the red color makes it easy to see in my auto lubricator on my FRL . Would n't care what color it was though . I 've run many different oils before and I could n't believe that I could actually hear and feel the difference after a few drops of this in an old angle die grinder .
 I have been using Marvel Air Tool Oil for all my air tools -LRB- die grinder/cut off , impact and air ratchet -RRB- for well over a dozen years now and they still perform as they did from day one . In my opinion it is the best air tool oil out there . Check it out !!!
 Used this on my da sander , sander works well . I have always like marvel mystery oil , so when I saw this I got it .
 In my own long term testing of my vehicle , as well as vehicles I have fixed for others , the AC Delco Professional -LRB- not Advantage -RRB- Idler Arms , Pitman Arms and Idler Arm brackets outlast Moog . These results are based on wear over time , and all have been greased every oil change . I will only use AC Delco Professional steering parts on GM trucks from now on .
 My wife wanted to see if we could find a bra for my daughters car and we saw this one . I was please to see that it was a strong bra and it looked very nice on her car . Two thumbs up !
 My dash mat came 5 days before the estimated arrival date , which was a pleasant surprise . It was neatly packed , so no wrinkles to contend with . The quality is excellent and looks even better than the picture . Best of all , it fits perfectly , with every vent and sensor cut-out right in place . I am extremely happy with my purchase and would not hesitate to recommend this company 's products .
 Super quick , and just the product that I need for my PT Cruiser Turbo 2007 . Now the problem is solved !!
 fits the truck just like it should and everything looks great . It had a few extra pieces than what I used , so I guess it does even more than what I needed
 This item is on my car RIGHT NOW and cured my rear suspension clunking problem ! One of the bushings -LRB- on each link in the rear -RRB- were missing on the old links and these MOOGs were the great fix ! MOOG offers high quality products and I do recommend it .
 I `` ve bought moog parts before , I `` ve also tried to save a few bucks on other brands . Thats a mistake I will not make again ! Spend a few dollars more and get real quality .
 This is the sort of insert that when you need it , nothing else will do . But most important , it is a high quality product . Buy the righ tool for them ; it is every bit as good and you will be surprised how often you will use it .
 I bought a pair of these for replacing the sway bar links on my 96 Nissan Quest minivan . I installed them about 6 months ago and recently did other suspension work and found that the rubber bushings had deteriorated with one cracked through . So , after 6 months I need to replace the rubber bushings ?! Not quite good enough for a premium replacement part , I expected alittle more . I 'll replace the bushings with polyurethane ones . I like the steel housing and heavy duty feel of the part otherwise .
 This kit rocks !! They gaskets are such high quality and are worth the money . I put them on my 1992 FLHS ; perfect . I would buy again
 I received Bick leather care products with a pair of python boots I ordered from Tim 's Boots . There 's cleaner , leather conditioner , and horrible-smelling but very effective polish , and water repellent . These products have kept those boots , my eel boots , and leather boots clean and well-protected . The products are easy to use . They are a bit pricey , though .
 i use this in conjunction with the Bick 's complete leather care -LRB- spray -RRB- . the cleaner is needed on &#34; special &#34; real dirty occasions as the complete care product , regularly used obviates the need for the cleaner .
 Will help your leather boots last forever ... . I use after the winter so my leather boots go away clean and protected for next season
 Easy to use , do n't forget to follow up with the conditioner afterwords , or you 'll dry the leather right out.Just put some on and gently rub with a cloth . Took the dirt right off my poor motorcycle boots , and after conditioning , they look almost new again .
 I have n't had to use the cleaner yet but based on my experience with the other products , I expect to like this very much .
 Meguiars M0764 Show Car GlazeI have a 33 year old Pontiac , my very first new car , with old fashioned Single Stage Lacquer Paint -LRB- as I was told -RRB- and the car has been sitting in a garage since 1988 . When I decided to bring it out this year I noticed the paint looked really dead . A lot of gloss , but dead and hazy with no real depth . i started looking around for help on the internet and found autogeek.net forum . I contacted Mike Phillips who does all the training at autogeek.net and holds classes to teach you and I how to take care of our cars . He pointed me to this product and a post on the autogeek.net forum . I bought the product and read the post and the paint on my car is starting to look better than it looked in the late 1980 's when I last drove it !! Mike Phillips was very willing to help and answer questions I had and there a lot of people , users like I was on the forum that have years and years of car detailing experience that are willing to help too.Thank You Mike !!!! for all the advice and thank you Meguiars for making this GREAT product !! If you have a single stage paint problem which is what was on cars before the mid or late 1980 's here is a link to the solution :[ ... -RSB- Its a lot of work and a lot of hand rubbing , but the result can be amazing !! After you get the paint looking good again use KLASSE ALL IN ONE in a very thin even coat to seal the paint , followed 24 hours later by one or two coats of Pinnacle Souveran Wax . The paint looks so deep and so wet like you could go for a swim in the paint . It saved me from having to do a $ 5000 paint job !!
 Well all I could say is this product work ed better than factory ... This is my first standard product i have purchased . I am very impress , and will sort them out first before buying other vendors product .
 This grill looks great and the price is great . It was a birthday present for my son and he loved it . It really changed the look of his truck !
 Only it is a wiper blade , in the image two are seen , but the product meets really phenomenal . The wear indicator is fantastic . The product should sell in couple . The installation in easy enough . solo trae una escobilla aunque en la imagen se ven dos .
 I originally purchased the Pitman Arm from a local auto parts store , but felt it was n't tough enough . It was a cheap chinese part . I purchased this from Amazon for slightly more and definitely feel the quality is worth the extra $ $ .
 I replaced Upper Control Arms ; Lower Ball Joints and an inner Tie-rod end in addition to this Pitman Arm on the front-end of my 1998 F150 - all with Moog parts and all fit exactly as advertised with no problems . I was pleasantly surprised to find `` Made in the USA '' on each of them.With the new parts in and the alignment done , I really noticed the tighter , quieter ride.On this Pitman Arm , you 'll want to use one of the quality pullers - I ruined a cheap one and finally went with an OTC Conical .
 matches expectation and specifications . I like it . good rice . easy installation . do not know what else to say.good deal .
 It 's nice to have a reusable air filter for my naturally aspirated Volvo 240 wagon . The power/efficiency gain is not really noticeable . Maybe I can go at the speed limit on slightly more intense hills without downshifting . I have nothing to say about MPGs because my odometer doesnt work.I 'd recommend this filter for the reusability alone .
 Very solidly made product . Finished and polished nicely , feels good in your hand . What is most important gets the job done .
 after asking several tool sales reps for one of these i took upon my self to search the internet for one and walah found it even better it was at a low price so i bought two .
 I manage a body shop & had one of the guys mount this on the wall . It does the job and its a great price . At the time I was looking everyone elses price started at $ 200 I cant see what they paid extra for .
 ITP MUD LIE AT TIREGREAT TRACTION.THEY WILL TAKE YOU WHERE YOU HEED TO GO.I WOULD RECCOMEND THEYS TIRES TO AHYONE .
 I have used these tires for a while now and they work very well , They are great in muddy trails as they grip very well . They are smooth on hard surface as well .
 very happyrecieved in 3 days after orderedwill buy again when neededit was so easy a monkey could do it
 Purchased for my wife 's Honda Accord . It helped to lay the dash mat flat for a couple of days before installation . After installation , it gradually relaxes and fits the dash very well . The velcro pieces are a bit tricky to place on the dash but not too bad . Also , be sure to have something to clean the dash before hand so the velcro sticks better . I highly recommend this product .
 This was exactly what i needed , these are a 1/3 of the price that i could find local plus everyone else had to order as well so did n't lose anytime and saved a bunch of money .
 The stake pockets are heavy duty and they fit 2 x 4 stakes just right . They are a great value .
 Made in USA this is a tough , versatile antenna mounting bracket . I mounted a 102 '' whip to mine and it works great . The design allows exactly enough room beneath the antenna stud for a coax connector to fit without binding or kinking the coax . Firestik even includes an allen wrench to tighten the angle adjusting bolts . I would buy another one if I need to mount another antenna in a hood or trunk channel .
 All steel construction , not plastic like the OEM part.Tough rubber boots several times thicker then OEM part , wo n't crack after a few years.Zerk fittings for adding grease as needed .
 It was the Right Product at a Great Price and Arrived Promptly ! No Shipping made the difference . You can be confident with Moog . My mechanic was happy and got the job done quickly .
 This is a superior part to the original plastic link . The Moog even has a grease fitting . I suspect this will outlast the remaining life of the vehicle it was applied to .
 I 've used Moog products for years and have never been disappointed . This was yet another example . I recently had a plastic , YES PLASTIC , link break on my 2002 Taurus . I do not know why it states on the Amazon description `` for 1996-1999 Taurus . Double checking on the Moog site , THIS IS the correct part . I instantly purchased a left and right side and replaced the plastic factory parts . A note of interest ... THESE HAVE GREASE FITTINGS !!! I installed both parts , road tested the vehicle , and am WELL PLEASED . I would recemmond these to anyone looking for stabilizer links .
 This part will install better than the OEM one that you take off . It also has grease fittings at the top and bottom were they tend to wear out ! There is also a nice hex shape built into the side so you can hold onto it with a open end wrench while tightening up the nut .
 Never heard of Moog before this , but have read some good things about the parts after I placed my order . These are waaay superior to the plastic parts that were on my 2000 Ford Taurus LX ! These also came with grease fittings . You have to put them in , and the instructions said , the one with the grease fitting in the center of the connector , goes on the bottom . The other one goes in the hole on the side of the top connector area . I had to use a flexible hose to grease the bottom ones once installed , but the tops are in plain view . These let you use a deepwell or ' drive socket on the nut and a regular wrench to hold the shaft from turning . The others had that hex head on the end of the bolt that is a pain to say the least . Oh , on my car there was one for the driver 's side , and a different one for the passenger side .
 Amazon recommended this as what others bought when I was getting new quick struts for my 98 mercury sable . car handles like it 's on rails now !
 My husband loves this dash cover . It installed quickly and perfectly ; and that was done by someone who does n't read instructions ! He chose this color for it 's reflective capability , rather than worrying about it matching the interior . Helps keep down the heat being absorbed by the black dash . Actually does n't look that bad in contrast to the interior .
 Beck Arnley i said it make the best products for your vehicle Beck and Arnley never fail installed perfectly and there was no leeks compared to Pentius it has nothing on Beck . this fuel filter was top notch works like a charm would recommend to everyone .
 My husband uses this to keep his clubs in good shape . He requested it for a present ! / / we gave this to 3 other people as well .
 I have tried the wipes and all other stainless steel products but only this one worked really well on my stove and my sink . You just spray and wipe and my stainless steel trash can looks line new .
 Bought this to replace a broken link on an '02 Windstar . The part was delivered on time , had clear installation instructions , and was of good quality . Repair was quick and part performance is excellent .
 This seat cushion has the right level of density to enable a person to sit longer more comfortably . I suffered neck and back injury in the past due to a car accident and had excruciating pain from sitting down doing seatwork , church attendance , and plane trips , etc. . Other similar designed cushions are not as comfortable due to firmer cushions and thicker padding by the thighs . My niece also loved using this product in the library for school work -LRB- although she had no back problems -RRB- . The pressure relief on the tailbone is instantaneous due to the concave design . The memory foam also conforms to the body so less pressure is exerted . I have been using this product for about a year and a half and plan to purchase more . Very lightweight to carrry and comes in a clear plastic casing with a handle .
 had it installed some time ago and seems to be working as advertised . i 'll keep my fingers crossed that it will continue to perform as well
 I just changed the filter and gasket in a 1987 BMW . Nobody had changed them since 1987 and it was a job long overdue . However , I can confirm that this kit seems just as good in terms of build quality and materials as the parts BMW put into the transmission back at the factory . Good price , too -LRB- by New Zealand standards -RRB- .
 Lowest price online -LRB- was $ 417 on March 2 , 2012 -RRB- . Installation was a breeze , just make sure to soak your exhaust bolts in PB Blaster and they should come right off with a quality impact gun -LRB- used an IR impact gun -RRB- . I noticed the exhaust was a little loud from 2500 RPM to 3000 RPM , but after that the exhaust sounds so much cleaner . My Joe-Z intake with a K&N ; filter may to be blame for that extra noise . So if you are crusing at 3000 RPM -LRB- around 65 MPH -RRB- you will notice a mid ranged drone like tone from the exhaust . Stay under 2500 RPM and you wo n't hear a thing.The canister design is just like the stock design , but with a larger exhaust tip . I wanted to stay as much stock as possible in the looks department . Performance wise , not too much ponies here . I always felt my car had a lot of back pressure at WOT but after this install the car pulls much smoother in the high rpm range . My car is lowered 2.25 inches up front and 2 inches in the rear with no clearance issues on the car.Compared to the Apexi WS2 , I bought this because of the price and looks . If you are looking for horsepower , buy a turbo kit .
 I bought this hoping that this model number will work for a 2011 HHR . It said that is will work up to a 2009 model . I does work and my OnStar works like a charm . I had to call tech support for a question on one plug that was not used because the instructions were very vague . They were completed idiots and I almost started yelling at the tech . But all is well . Great thisng to order if you get a aftermarket radio with navagation .
 Easy to install . Snaps in from where the old one plugged in . No more dangerous dash light fade . Great product .
 This item was an exact duplicate of the original item . It fit precisely and is performing perfectly with no problems to date whatsoever .
 I got this because my dash lights would occasionally go out on my 05 Silverado . After I swapped them I took the old one apart and it was actually an easy fix , but this was so cheap I 'm just going to leave it . Shipping was fast and the switch was a quality GM replacement .
 Length :
 You could say that I am a bit fussy with what brands I put in my cars . The AC Delco 22138358 Seat Adjuster Actuator Motor suited my purpose . I did n't want to buy the whole assembly at a much higher price , so the single motor worked out as expected . Delivery was quick . Installation requires some mechanical aptitude , but overall was not that complicated to install . Works great and daughter is pleased that she can now adjust her seat position .
 This gauge is awesome !! This gauge is perfect for the enthusiast looking to monitor their engine and watch boost rise as the upgrades do . Gauge only reads up to 20 psi so look elsewhere if you plan on boosting higher than that . Gauge works perfect since the day installed it and has a working backlight that you can set up through your headlights on/off switch .
 I use this gauge to let me know when I am getting a clogged filter in my wvo and diesel systems on my VW diesel . No fuel pump just the injection pump sucking . Works good and normally is under 2psi till a filter starts to clog and I know right when that starts to happen because of this gauge . It does seam like it might have a bit of a leak as fluid works it 's way up the line but diesel and wvo have n't seamed to affect the gauge yet .
 I bought this gauge almost a year ago for my 1997 Ford F-250 Powerstroke Diesel . It is a good gauge for boost . The plastic tubing line they supply is trash , there is a copper tubing roll you can buy that is alot better . I connected the copper line to my MAP Sensor and simply ran the line to a available spot in the dash .
 very quick deliver.good price , good look , works great.I recomend to buy this item , I 'm realy satisfied with this item
 used this on the pod provided specifically for the brand and size and so far so good after about 2 to 3 months of almost daily use .
 My husband and I purchased the sunpro boost gauge and it works great . It comes with a built in pod and everything .
 Arrived on time and the quality was great . Saved a lot of money changing the transmission fluid & filter myself . Expect to have a little resistance on all Toyota transmission bolts & all of them have blue loctite on them .
 What a great spark plug , even in the deepest snow , it still manages to spark consistently . There was 3 feet of snow on the grownd , and it 's like this plug did n't even know it ! It just sparked and sparked ! A true inspiration !
 The Moog 's K90056 lower front end control arm brushing fits exactly as describes for my pickup , but make sure when ordering that you order 2 of them even though it says `` Kit '' because it only comes with one in the box . Believe me ; I had to learn the hard way when I first order this part to do the repair on my truck !
 Excellent kit recommended by professionals and hobbyists alike . Everything one needs to complete the rebuild is in this kit . There are no leaks when installed correctly .
 i puschased this part online for my camry and it fit perfectly but i was stupid to not know if im gon na install the bushing it had to be pressed in , but its a great part anyway
 These kyb 's really tightened up the front end of my '93 Cummins Dodge 3/4 ton truck . I 've had kyb 's on other vehicles last 20 years and still going ! For that kind of longevity , they are the best value around ! All other brands that I 've tried over the last 30 years , do n't hold a candle to kyb . Plus these are affordable . They were cheaper than any auto parts store in San Jose . They also fit like they were suppose to . I also bought a pair of kyb 's for the rear as well .
 We have a small microwave , like many offices and dorm rooms have . The inset would n't fit in there without folding it a little , and the inset did n't last too long . The company was good about giving a refund , which we would not have asked for if we could have bought just the inset .
 Heated seat cushion , `` lava buns '' , did it 's job well . I was afraid it would not stay heated but it worked for several hours . Only caution is to be extra careful when removing from microwave as it gets quite hot !
 This is my second one of these . My husband bought me one years ago because I 'm always cold . I love love it . It stays warm for hours . I use it at work . I warm it up for 2 minutes on each side and I 'm good for the day .
 I only need this to be hot for about an hour so I was happy with it . Wish they 'd redesign how to insert into the cushion cover to make it easier to insert the heated pad .
 I replaced a very old lava buns . The new one is not quite as good , the velco strap is not as tight . Also when I took the consumer tag off the cushion seam ripped . It gets hot and stays hot but not as long as my old one did .
 This product works extremely well in keeping my backside very cozy . It stays very warm for hours , I think because when I 'm sitting on it my own body heat retains some of the heat of the heat-pack enclosed inside the nylon , padded cover . In any case , I love this product . I heat up the insides , and then take it to my car -LRB- I live near Cleveland , OH -RRB- , put it on my seat and can keep very warm until the heater in the car is revved up . I take this product with me to meetings or restaurants and manage to stay warm when others my age -LRB- I 'm almost 65 -RRB- are cold .
 The Heated Lava Buns is good and comfy to place anywhere warmth is needed . great for the car and even in your pets crate !
 Bought 2 of these for my Polaris RZR on the cold days . HOLY COW THESE THINGS ARE AWESOME !!! everyone loves them . If they were just a little bit cheaper I 'd be 2 for every car so when we 're road tripping we would make sure we 'd have them before any cold event . Really can not reccomend these enough !!
 Years ago my husband gave me Lava Buns . I just bought more Buns as a gift for Mom . Great for her arthritis.She can take it in the car with her this winter.No extension cord!She just needs the microwave to heat the element . She LOVES it !
 Great for sitting on the bleachers ... really provides a great cushion if you watch a lot of sports like I do !
 Had this product years ago and so glad to have found it again . Works great ! Would recommend ` Lava Buns ' to anyone who wants to stay warm under any circumstance-outdoors or inside .
 Used a towel and cooler to store until got to the game . I was warm thru most of the game , only at end of 3 hrs . was not real warm , but sufficed !
 I bought one of these as an early Christmas present for my 89-year old dad . He goes to the cemetery to visit my mom every single day and he sits on a freezing cold -LRB- even in the summer -RRB- granite bench . He just loves this nice warm cushion to sit on.We do n't bother taking the insert out - we just put the entire cushion in the microwave for 3 minutes - that 's all it takes . It stays warm for hours . Taking that insert out and putting it back in is a pain especially when it 's hot.It 's not like we 're using this on the weekends for sporting events . We use it every day and so far , it has been great . So much so , I bought one for myself and drive to work in the morning and on the way home in the evening with a nice warm seat !
 I bought two of them and I have used one for evening baseball games , sitting in the stands watching my husband play . It has kept me quite warm . The other one is for my husband . We both plan to use them during football season . I have been very happy with my Lava Buns seat . I recomend it and I have already to my friends .
 Fantastic product . Heat up for 6 minutes -LRB- 3 minutes per side -RRB- , slide into the protective sleeve -LRB- protects you from getting burned , among other things -RRB- and then have a nice warm seat when you get in your freezing car in the middle of winter . Cover with a pillow or towel , and it 's till warm -LRB- enough -RRB- when you get back to the car 8 hours later . Ca n't say enough to recommend . HOWEVER , this is my second . First one I had for 5 + years and it just exploded one day -LRB- in the sense that the seam broke and the `` goo '' leaked out so I could n't use it anymore . Glad to see they 're still sold on the web as I bought one from Amazon the very same day mine died . Makes the early morning commute so much nicer . Plus , you can slip your gloves inside the sleeve while you 're getting ready and Voila ! you have toasty gloves as well .
 Lava Buns is a great item for comfort during cold and windy sports events . It maintains its heat for the whole game -LRB- 1 1/2 to 2 hours -RRB- and is easy to warm in the microwave . Be sure not to overheat as the inner packet can swell up and split its seams making it unusable . The directions say to heat three minutes on each side , but through experience and having to buy a new one , I found that two minutes on each side works just as well . Also , do not heat the whole unit . You must take the inside out of the cover and heat just that . It is very light weight and easier to carry than the electronic heated seats .
 Bought my first set of Lava Buns 10-plus years ago for watching night soccer games , in winter , on metal grandstands , and stopped freezing my tail off . Then there was the pulled back muscles -- heating one for a little less time and lying on it without its cover provided such relief and comfort.Now they 've turned into bed warmers on cold winter nights.You do n't know how happy I am to find them -- to learn they 're still being made . Gifts for my friends ! Gifts for my children ! for me!I am in love with lava buns.You might have guessed that .
 I drive a '93 Jeep as my winter car . It 's cold , period . But Lava Buns makes an excellent seat heater . No wires to trip over , nothing to tangle up with the stick shift or console , and it takes only 2 min a side in the microwave to give more than enough heat for my daily drive . -LRB- The instructions call for 3 min , but I found this too warm . YMMV -RRB- Consider using it for your lower back as well . Something about that warmth at the base of your spine that really helps .
 I first got Lava Buns for my daughter to sit on in the car on the ride to school on cold winter mornings -LRB- she does n't like to carry a big coat to school -RRB- . I also have used it on some cold winter drives , and it works great ! It retains heat for several hours . I found out it also works wonders as a heating pad if you have muscle pain -- plently of heat without having to plug it in .
 A friend shared her Lava Buns with me . I was so impressed I ordered 4 . Thanks for making 30 degree weather with 20 mph winds at Texas High School soccer games tolerable . I highly recommend !!!
 I got my Lava Buns for cold October/November Soccer Games . They work great and having a warm seat cushion actually warms the whole body . After soccer season , the hubby warms them up and slips them under the covers for my cold feet . My only complaint is that it 's not easy to wrap my feet in my Lava Buns , but I still give this item 5 stars .
 My son is on Marching Band and I attend all of the games and competitions that he competes in . I HATE to be cold so I went on a search at the beginning of the season for something like this . I knew what I wanted , but I wanted to be sure to pick a product that had good reviews and was reasonably priced ... this is it !! I transport them in an insulated tote bag that I purchased from Costco . I have two Lava Buns and I put them in the bag with a blanket nestled between them so when I get cold , I have a toasty warm seat AND a toasty warm blanket ! Taking travel time into consideration , I have kept these closed up on the bag for 4 hours before using them and they are still VERY warm ! Once they hit the cold air , they only stay warm for a couple of hours though . I love this product and I recommend it on a weekly basis to all of the cold parents sitting in the stands with me .
 I recieved the product right when they said I would get it . It was in perfect condition . I would order from them again
 The bun warmer works great . We use it at the football games in 30 degree Ohio weather and it really does keep your whole body warm .
 We are using the Lava Buns at the football games in cold weather . They work best for us putting them on our laps during the game as the cold air comes down . They are easily heated in the microwave and easy to carry to the game . These are our second set . The first set was given to us as a gift about five years ago and was ready to be replaced .
 From the land of all things `` cold , '' love the Lava Buns ! We watch the grandkids ' hockey and , outdoor sports in comfort . Even used them at earlier Twins ' games , now that we have an outdoor baseball field ! I highly recommend this product . We enjoy the Lava Buns so much , we have given the product as gifts to others .
 I ordered a few of these Lava Buns to use at the 2010 Winter Olympics.They worked fabulously & kept us warm while sitting on the cold metal benches.We were so warm , we had pulled off our hats & jackets & I noticed people sitting around us were shivering wile still bundled up!I recommend using hotpads when removing the inner pouch from the Microwave just to be safe & to avoid any burns to your fingers.I will be using these often in the future.Great Product !!!
 I bought these for use at winter soccer games . They work great . My granddaughter would n't sit on it right away because she thought it was weird . As soon as she did - I could n't get it away from her . She wanted to share with her team .
 I use this product on cold mornings and it does keep you warm . My only concern is getting it from the microwave into the cover . This is difficult when it is hot . Other than this I really like it .
 I received one of these 2 years ago and just loved it . I gave away 2 of them for Christmas this past year ... what a hit !!!
 I purchased the heated seat cushion as a gift for my wife to use at our kids ' sporting events . She has already used it at the local hockey rink and can not stop talking about how comfortable it is . The seat has just enough cushion and the heating element provides the right amount of warmth to take the chill off . Now I want one ...
 I frequent a shooting range the year around . In the winter those concrete shooting benches are not only hard , but very cold . From previous experience I have found that the lava buns are just the ticket for comfortable winter shooting practice .
 These Lava Buns are an incredibly awesome product . I sit at my kids baseball & softball games in the spring and nearly freeze , but thanks to Lava Buns I can stay much warmer throughout the games . Easily portable and serve to soften the stadium seats as well . Only drawback is they do n't stay hot long enough - seems the metal stadium seats suck the heat out too fast .
 My wife and I were surprised the first time we used these . We took them to a nearby beach which can be cold with the wind coming in off the ocean . Not only did the Lava Buns keep us warmer the gel actually provided a more comfortable seat which was an unexpected bonus.They are not difficult to use , removing the gel pack and placing it into a microwave for heating and then putting it back into the cloth pouches . I use a dish towel and it is enough to deal with the heat when pulling them out of the microwave oven.Good quality construction so they can be expected to be used for many years .
 Lave Buns are a life saver for those with chronic back pain when sitting . Gel pad is more helpful that regular cushions . I take it everywhere .
 Works great at football games when the temp drops . If your toosh is warm your whole body feels it . Need one to wrap around my shoulders . Thanks , Jim W
 I like this heated seat . It stays hot about 3-4 hours . I 've used it this spring at track meets in south central Alaska . Why did n't I think of it 4 years ago when my son was just starting high school instead of when he 's graduating .
 Works great . 3 min per side in microwave , place in cover sleeve , and the heat last hours . Works great in those football stands on the metal bleachers
 Improved product can be used in winter or summer -- removable core can be either heated in microwave , or chilled in the freezer ! Stays warm for several hours . The cushion is comfortable/cushy , but light enough to take to any sports event .
 I ca n't believe how much I 'm enjoying my Lava Buns ! I must confess , I do n't use it outside in the cold ; I work on my computer in my basement , which is unheated , and this has made all the difference in my comfort ! One problem , though ; I 've had to work out a sharing deal with the cats !
 Heated a total of four minutes in the microwave , results in a comfortably warm seat for a cold winter evening at home . I 'm a bit concerned about how long the gel microcore may last and hope we could eventually order a replacement to fit the pad . It stays warm a couple hours which is perfectly adequate .
 I absolutely love this product . I received it just in time for the bitter cold football games . Could n't be happier .
 I absolutely love this product . I received it just in time for the bitter cold football games . Could n't be happier .
 My cousin told me about this product.It is microwaved for 3 minutes on each side and really does stay warm for 6 hours ! It is meant for sporting events , but I have used it to keep my bed warm like a a heated blanket without worrying about fire.I highly recommend this product , you can also use it in your car .
 My office building is freezing , and we are unable to have electric heating blankets/pads due to the fire hazards involved . I bought one of these just to see if it would help me stay warm . It has really made my work life more enjoyable , because I do n't have to bundle up with sweaters and blankets anymore . I heat it up a couple times a day , and I 'm good to go . Definitely worth buying !!!
 I bought a bunch of these for my family -- attending night soccer games or Friday evening high school football -- I mean to tell you that this is a product that is worth every penny -LRB- or dollar as the case may be -RRB- . The weather becomes irrelevant because I have this nice warm AND soft seat . I have frozen the core for hot weather too . I agree that 2 minutes per side is plenty for warming up . I heat them up , put them into their fabric covers , and we will drive for two hours to our daughter 's college games . It 's still warm and toasty for the whole game .
 I purchased this to keep me warm through the spring baseball season -LRB- not to mention soccer when it comes back around -RRB- . I used it at one fairly cold game and by three hours after I had warmed it , it had cooled considerably . There was still some heat but no nearly what it started with . I 've only used it at two games so I do n't have a lot of history to go on so far . It seems well made and very cushy -LRB- works great with my stadium chair -RRB- and it did help keep me warm for much of the game so I 'm still happy with my purchase .
 I have to say I was pleasantly surprised with this product . I was a bit hesitant to order , it seemed too good to be true . These are fantastic . We use them golfing when it 's cold outside or during barbeques outside on our deck . When we 're done , just plop them on the sofa and they keep the seat warm for hours . Have n't tried them cold , but they work great hot so I 'd imagine they 're just as good cold .
 The Lava Buns Heated Seat Cushion is a great product -- I bought it to use during my son 's hockey games . All you do is heat up the gel pack and slip it in the insulated cushion before you go . The seat stayed comfortably warm for the entire practice ! I am so glad I bought this . No more stiff back and legs after hockey ! Added bonus - the cushion folds up compactly when not in use .
 I go to hockey rinks all year long and wanted to try a warm comfortable seat . I purchased Lava Buns and found the solution without spending alot of money . It is made with quality material and sewn well . It is easy to carry with a handle and easy to heat up.The instructions read to heat inner bag in micro 3 min . on each side . It depends on your wattage in your micro . It started making a popping noise when I got over 2 mins. , so to be safe I heated it for 2 mins . on each side . It was enough and I was comfy thoughout the game . I purchashed 3 more for my husband , son , and daughter-in-law . They have yet to use them , but I know they will be happy with the Lava Buns .
 These floor liners are exactly what I wanted to total protection of my front carpeting and footwells . The fit like a glove , are thick but still light and easy to put in place . I can not imagine the weather situation that could not be handled with periodic cleaning and refitting . As an oldtimer I always marvel that these days we pay $ for carpet protection as when I was first starting to drive , all cars had rubber mats as standard and carpeting was an option . It was not unusual to just take a hose and wash out the footwells of autos then rather than vacuum . Now we buy mats to put on top of the carpeting -LRB- which is standard equipment -RRB- and take the mats out to wash them off when dirty . But , I digress.These liners are far superior to the usual floor mats at your local auto parts store , big box warehouses or even the optional mats offered by car dealers . Much better design and protection .
 I had a local garage install it and it looks and works great . I use it to carry my homemade bicycle rack .
 This replaced my front oxygen sensor on my VW Passat -LRB- 1.8 t AEB -RRB- . Item is almost identical to VW OEM part except it was better : - Cheaper -LRB- d0h , you 're on Amazon -RRB- - Slightly longer cord - Anti-sieze already applied - -LRB- Best part -RRB- Flexible heat shield that covers the first 12-24 inches of the cord . This is a great way to extend the sensor 's life since it gets hot and is near hot stuff -LRB- engine and exhaust . -RRB- You 're read my review , now buy it already .
 Installed easily , passed smog test , all went well . Terrific price far below dealer . Quality wire , connector , sensor . Computer error code cleared itself , after installing this , ` upstream ' .
 Fits and works just as well as if purchased from the dealer , at half the price of one from local parts stores . I got both before and after cat sensors for the cost of just one from a local parts store chain .
 This was what I needed . Fast shipment . Fit right in . Do n't make the mistake I did-This fuse is held in by bolts . It does not just slide out .
 Purchased in mid 2009 , my current pump at the time had 150k on it and was starting to whine , could hear in garage . Was completely satisfied with product quality and ease of install . Pump flows at MFG 's specs and the level sensor works as advertised . Price is right for the L-67 supercharged applications and cant be beat . Have 40k of service out of it so far and recently ordered ACDelco 217-3294 Professional Fuel Pressure Regulator Assembly as a preventitive maintenance item since im close to 200k and like not having a car payment ! Would highly recommend this product .
 I was greatly surprised at the good quality and the innovative features of this jacket . It is both comfortable and stylish and it is a good professional jacket.I warmly recommend this item .
 This is a great product . Very easy to remove and I feel very secure using it .
 Yes , they came with silver screws and nuts . The rest of the hardware was black , as stated . I think the black on silver looks great , and I seriously doubt they 'll rust over any time soon as they 're treated for external use and exposure to the elements . Great heavy-duty set that was easy to install and works brilliantly . My old set was rusting out after more than a decade of use , and these make it look brand new off the lot . Good buy at a great price .
 Latches fit perfectly , as stated . They look great and are good quality . Would definately recommend to customers looking for replacement latches !
 Bought these for my 93 YJ . The product was easy to install . It looks nice and shinny black at this point . As far as looks and performance go , they are great . The function just like the stock parts I replaced . I hope I get a couple of years out of them before they rust . Since the price was so cheep , I 'm not expecting too much from them , but I hope they last .
 crane cams in my book are some of the best cams on the market . i have worked on cars for 35yrs , and have always had positive results with their products . my only gripe was upon purchasing one from amazon.com , according to their site the cam was supposed to fit a certain vehicle . upon checking direct with cranecams , i was informed by one of their techs that the cam really was n't rite for my vehicle . upon returning the cam , which i had to pay shipping on they also held out a shipping/restock fee . this is not just amazon.com 's site , as i have had similar problems with other online sites . just another way to screw the american public out of a few more bucks . CRANE CAMS REVIEW
 Looks great , exactly what I wanted for a hard use dirty environment . Only drawback was the electronic seat control access hole was too narrow . Seat cover fit nice and TIGHT .
 item was what i expected and on time . I would order it again.Much cheaper here than at the local farm suppy store .
 chain installed no problems , came with clip master link , had to cut a couple of links to fit F650 GS . very silent and smooth so far , will see in time .
 I 'm pretty fanatical about car care stuff , being on my ninth Porsche 911 , and this is right up there as the best product I can think of to keep your car looking sharp with a minimum of work . I used to use car washes , various types of wax , wax-as-you-dry , which I thought was great - still is but a bit more work than this . But , this Glosser , in conjunction with a car wash with wax in it is by far the easiest and nicest looking combination to do your car quickly and excellently , that I 've found . I wash it by hand , do a chamois to get most of the water off , and then this , and follow it up with a quick t-shirt , or microfiber wipe , to get off the occasional white wax trails , and you 're done ! Water beads up nicely , and none of the wax residue stuff . Do your windowsnext , to finish off the detail , and the car looks fabulous . Highly recommend .
 These are absolutely great ! Best if you have a small car , if not , may take two clothes . If you live in a dry area that you simply need to `` touch up '' a car that is dirty with light road dirt/dust , these are perfect ! In Texas , we may go without rain for weeks and it is not worth $ 15 to have your car washed when it is just dusty . These clean your car fast and you can tell it gets a fine coat of wax at the same time .
 These wipes are simply the best . Wan na be able to gently wipe away dry bugs and debris ? Get the Glosser . I have tried numerous cleaning towels and cleaners for my motorcycle , but nothing even comes close . Does it all - paint , chrome , even the windshield . Just follow up with a gentle buff with a microfiber cloth and it looks like you spent hours . Worth every penny . Remember to stuff a partly used cloth back in the resealable pouch - and these can last a long time .
 in toledo ohio , i usedThe Glosser Microfiber Cleaning Wipes with Wax , 5 wipes per pkg. , CASE OF 6 packages -LRB- 99006M-C -RRB- all the time . i moved to raleigh nc and could not find the glosser anywhere . until i used amazon.com and i was reunited with the glosser once again . great porduct , The Glosser Microfiber Cleaning Wipes with Wax , 5 wipes per pkg. , CASE OF 6 packages -LRB- 99006M-C -RRB- great amazon.com !
 The Glosser wax cloths do work well , but you ca n't use it too much or it will leave fibers all over the paint .
 Whoever invented the Glosser should get a medal . It takes me less than eight minutes to do my full-sized black car , and when done , it is better than showroom shiny . I take a couple of Glossers with us on trips , so car always stays clean . When finished with car , there is still enough left to do wheels , too !!
 Exact replacement tweeter . easy install . Replaced all six speakers at the same time . Radio sounds like it did in 2002
 they were exact fit , no customizing , or alterations needed to the door panels.one door took less than an hour to complete job from begining to end !!!!!
 This is the perfect fit for my '95 Nissan Hardbody -LRB- V6 -RRB- . The cost is really cheap too , especially when comparing it to the local parts stores here in Hilo .
 I purchased this harness because the one that came with the Metra Installation Kit did not work properly -- there was n't any power to the factory radio and hence none of the buttons attached to it were illuminated when you turn your car 's headlights on . Oddly enough , I was still able to get audio through my aftermarket head unit.This harness is a bit shorter than Metra but I had no problems with the installation . The harness wires were color coded the same way as my Pioneer headunit and appears to be of good quality . I have it installed in my car for a couple of weeks now without any problems .
 Installed the Beck Arnley ignitor in my 1988 Honda Civic HB . My Honda has stalled twice on the highway and my friend told me I needed to replace my ignitor . Honda service would have replace the entire distributor.After 3 months car has been running fine . Great product , just be sure to keep the old heat plate to install the new Beck Arnley Ignitor .
 Needed this for my mom 's Saturn Vue . Price was $ 10 cheaper than anywhere else . Fast shipping .
 I was driving to work used the switch to signal a lane change and then the turn signal noise kept going even though it still functioned . This is a part you ca n't do without . Went to dealer parts department and was told the part would be $ 72 plus $ 100 to be installed when I could get an appointment . I stated my problem to the `` parts guy '' behind the counter at my local GM dealership and he just looked at me and said '' I got it but dont think that is your problem '' . Another `` parts guy '' shouted from the back for me to check my bulbs to see if any were out . These are the answers I got from the so called `` experts '' at the dealership who deal with this everyday . I removed the switch and noticed smoke coming from the module section . I ordered the switch with overnight shipping around 7:30 pm on Oct 5th and it arrived at around 6:30 pm on Oct 6th . Overnight shipping is a must for a part like this . I snapped it in , replaced the steering wheel cover , put the 3 screws back in and we are good as new . All that for $ 125.00 less than the dealer would have charged . Thank you very much .
 Item works fine and was the lowest price I could find on the internet or at my local parts store .
 I had been experiencing a frustrating problem with my turn signals . After completing a turn -LRB- using turn signals -RRB- there would continue to be a clicking sound as if the switch was still engaged -LRB- although not -RRB- . I spent a couple of frustrating days trying to resolve the issue . The advice given to me by dealers & parts stores ranged from a bad relay -LRB- $ 95 -RRB- to the switch replacement at the dealer -LRB- $ 185 -RRB- . No one I spoke with could be certain that their recommendation would fix my problem . As a result , I spent a couple of hours of research on the internet and determined that replacing the switch would probably be the best option . I was suprised at how easy the repair was . After removing the 3 screws holding the steering column collar in place and seperating the two pieces -LRB- which snap together -RRB- the switch was easily removed after unplugging the wiring & holding down the retaining clips to simply slide it out . You then slide the new switch into place until the retaining clips engage & plug the wiring back in -LRB- 20 minutes max -RRB- . An easy fix . In regards to locating & purchasing the part , Amazon had the best price I could find from a reputable source . As I needed the part quickly I paid the extra for next day delivery . Even with this extra cost to the part I still netted out less than if I had purchased it locally . While I did receive the part -LRB- exact match to the original -RRB- the next day , it was delivered around 7pm . Having placed the order very early the previous day -LRB- approx . 5am -RRB- I had hoped it would arrive sooner . However , all things considered this was only a minor inconvenience . Should I have a need for other parts I will definately shop at Amazon again !
 I would have had this installed into my VUE in two minutes total had it not been for the existing one been a pain to remove . Now this one is in and I can feel the difference between it and the old one . The old one definitely had a bit of play in it after 80k miles and smoked when shutting the lights off . This is a big improvement and works very well .
 I bought this for my Grandpas Saturn . His headlights were staying on / coming on for no reason and killing his battery when the car was off . The local stealership charged him $ 900 to install new battery and alternator - why I do n't know . He came to me , I did a little research and found this switch , installed it in 15 minutes and all is well now.He went back to the stealership and they gave him $ 200 back ...
 Like some of the other reviews I have read , the turn signal on my '06 Vue began smoking from the steering wheel when I would engage it . Further , my brights would turn on by themselves , and the only way I could get them to shut off was to push the multi-function switch in the forward direction and hold it there - eventually with tape until I could get the problem fixed -LRB- as it drained my battery one night overnight -RRB- . The headlights in a '06 Vue are automatic , so I knew the problem was with this switch . I went to the dealer , and after I convinced them that it was the switch -LRB- as they did n't believe me -RRB- , they were going to charge me $ 80-some for the part plus 1.8 hours of labor . I knew it could n't have been that difficult of a fix , so I chose to do it myself.I bought the part on Amazon on a Sunday . I paid the $ 3.99 for local express shipping and had it on my door by Monday 's noon . I started the project this morning at 0912 and was completely done by 0930 including cleanup - 18 minutes of work for what the dealer was going to charge me 1.8 HOURS worth of labor . Amazing . And like the other reviews , this was simple . Three screws out of underside of the steering wheel -LRB- the third one was tough to get out b/c of the length , but I rigged a handheld screwdriver with a square bit so I could out the socket on it and give it the length it needed -RRB- , popped apart the cover , took the ignition cover off -LRB- which just pulls off -RRB- , disengaged the wiring harness , held together the clips on the switch assembly and pulled the entire switch assembly right out . I put the new switch in , plugged in the wiring harness , put the cover back together , lined up the screw holes , installed my three screws and I was off and running.The one MINOR snafu that I had -LRB- which was 100 % my fault for playing with the switch before I installed it -RRB- was that when I plugged in the wiring harness , it instantly began `` dinging '' and did n't stop until I put the keys in the ignition . Even when I locked the car , it was still dinging . I put the old switch back on , and the dinging stopped . I compared the numbers of the old and new , and they were identical , so I knew I had the right part . I Googled for a fix , to no avail . I e-mailed AC Delco , and have n't heard back -LRB- it 's only been 30 minutes -RRB- . So I went back out to the car and was about to uninstall and reinstall the switch when I realized that the selector switch was in such a way that the headlights were turned on manually -LRB- recall that the headlights in this car are automatic unless you put them on manually -RRB- . So that 's what that `` dinging '' was - I had been playing with the switch before I assembled it and had turned on the headlights without even thinking about it . As soon as I switched the headlights back to automatic position , the sound went away . A pretty simple fix for this complex mind.I HIGHLY recommend this product for a $ 30 fix to what would have cost me over $ 200 . Thanks , Amazon ! Amazing as always .
 My wife 's Saturn was smoking in the steering wheel everytime she turned her blinker on , and brights would come on unexpectly . This item will fix it . Installed in :20 minutes , a few screws and a wiring harness .
 The headlights recently went out on my 2007 Saturn Vue . After checking the fuses and relays , I could n't figure out what the problem was . I took my car in for some other repairs and asked the mechanic if he possibly knew why my headlights were n't working -LRB- the headlights would turn on for a few seconds and then go out -RRB- . He said that the turn signal switch , which also houses the switch for the headlights , was bad . The local GM dealer said it would be $ 80 for a new switch . Because I had just paid a significant amount of money for some other repairs , I was n't excited about shelling out another $ 80 , which did n't include the labor . So I checked online to see whether I could get the turn signal for a better price . I was excited to see that Amazon carried the part for less than $ 30 , but I was a little skeptical of whether it was too good to be true -LRB- it seems there is always a risk buying electrical equipment online -RRB- . With the product information in hand , I called the local GM dealer again and inquired about the turn signal switch . The sales rep again said it would be $ 80 . I then asked who made the part . The sales rep hesitated so I asked if ACDelco made the part . He said yes . I then asked what the part number was on the switch . Again the sales rep hesitated so I asked if the part number was DH1557H . He said yes . So after a little investigation , I found out this part sold on Amazon is the same part the dealers sell and distribute to local shops.I put the switch in tonight , and I was surprised how easy it was to install . On the 2007 Saturn Vue , there is a plastic casing around the steering wheel . There are three screws on the bottom of the plastic casing that you have to remove . You will need a 3/16 socket -LRB- I believe that is the size I used -RRB- to remove the screws . Then you separate the top of the casing from the bottom of the casing , which exposes the base of the turn signal switch as well as a lot of other wiring around the steering column . There is a plug that connects to the switch on the side facing the dashboard . Simply unplug the switch -LRB- it might take a little wiggling -RRB- , and then remove the old switch by pressing the tabs on the top and bottom of the box at the end of the turn signal switch -LRB- this might also take a little tugging and effort -RRB- . To install the new switch , push it into the slot until it clicks . Reconnect the plug . At this point , your headlights should be working again . I would recommend checking that everything is working -LRB- low beams , high beams , turn signals , etc. -RRB- before putting the plastic casing back on.I was able to replace everything in about 30 minutes . As far as I can tell , the switch works great , and I am quite happy to have saved $ 50 on the part and another $ 100 + for the labor.The only reason I give four stars instead of five is because I thought the shipping was a little slow , however , it was still only 5 business days as promised .
 I bought these for my husband 's birthday . I was so surprised that they were that easy to install . The only problem was the headrest . Did n't fit very well . They look very nice and will be easy to clean .
 This molding is fantastic and very easy to work with . I first used it around the tail lights of my GMC truck . Using only an Exacto knife , the trim molding came out looking as if it was factory . I then placed a small strip around the outside rear-view mirrors . Holy Smokes , they too looked fantastic . By now I was out of control with chrome 'n madness . I somehow then found myself adding a fantastic chrome grill on my new lawn tractor . I can only thank God that by then my 20 ' roll was now down to about 10 '' . Not knowing where this will exactly work , I 'm holding off till one day the occasion will arise and I will finally use my last piece of this chrome molding.There should be a caution notice on the box stating
 I used this for trim inserts on my audi a4 grille . This product is excellent , and easy to use . The trim has been on my car for over a year , and has been exposed to all weather , rain , snow , slush , 110 F to 0F . I love the 3M tape backing . I am happy to reccommend this product .
 I installed this molding along the bumper guard of my truck , as well as around the rear brake lights and around the side windows . It made the truck a bit more unique . The molding was delivered quickly by the supplier . I was very pleased with the look of the truck afterward .
 If you Clean the area Good with acohol , dont ask me why , but it just seems to work better than anything else i tried , take ur time and just follow around where ever you wan na use it . It actually looks real nice and when someone Does hit ur car with there `` re door it doesnt dent like metal . we chromed the heck outta of a buick with different sizes , came out nice :--RRB- OH AND ITS WAY CHEAPER
 This is a great dress up product . I used it around the window deflecters and in the groves of the rear lift gate on our Ford Flex . It does set our vehicle apart from the crowd . Would use it again when needed .
 I loved the way it made my suv look . Id see suv 's that had chrome on them and it looked pretty sharp . I put it under my windows and also got the chrome stick on door handles from amazon . Together it looks really good . Just enough to make it stand out . I just ordered another roll to go around my tail lights and some trim on the back . Its fast and easy to put on . Make sure the car is dry and dirt free for the tape to stick well .
 I was able to bend it to take the shape of my lights . Make my car look very expensive and nice -LRB- installed on a 2007 Honda CRV -RRB- .
 I purchased a few of these , and had to clean up the mold flashing on the end of the tool with a drill bit . The valve core stem needs to pass through the hole in the end of this tool . But , it was blocked by thin mold flashing . Had to drill out the flashing before I could use this tool .
 I have a 2004 Saturn ION-3 and have replaced the stabilize links -LRB- sway bar links -RRB- 3 times now in 100k miles . That , in itself , is disappointing ! However , I do n't fault this product . It fits my vehicle -LRB- as expected -RRB- and was n't too difficult to install.The removal of the OEM parts was very difficult due to the bolt just spinning in the ball / socket . I ended up cutting the old ones off with a torch.One nice feature of these ACDelco parts is that there is a hex fitting on the backside of connecting bolt , allowing you to put an open end wrench on it to prevent it from spinning while loosening the attachment nut . I have n't had to pull these ones yet , but when I do I am hopeful they will be a little easier to remove than the OEM parts were .5 stars simply because they fit my vehicle , seem to do what they are supposed to do -LRB- and removed that darn `` clunk-clunk '' noise my worn-out old parts were causing -RRB- , and have an added hex nut to assist in removal when they inevitably wear out .
 I purchased and installed this grill probably 8 months ago and am very happy with it . It installed easily and looks beautiful . With this grill , I really like the look of my Five Hundred better than the new Taurus . My model had the black grille and this dresses it up and rivals a Lexus in appearance . Very high quality metal , too . For ths price , it really does the job .
 I have a 1990 Camry . This paint matches it EXACTLY ! I had some body work done on my car and the `` professionals '' did n't match the color as good as this product.I really never thought it would match this well .
 I bought this starter for my Infinity i30 . It fits perfectly and works flawlessly without any side noises or backups .
 Upon initial inspection , it seems to be decent in quality and solid powder-coated finish . Unfortunately , I wo n't be able to review how it holds up as I did n't realize it wo n't fit my Jeep due to the front Roll Cage pillars , so I will be trying to sell it.IF it had fit my application , it would be in use now . For a standard CJ with no modified roll cage , it should do well .
 I was just looking for a replacement sensor of my 03 Cavalier and I found that this one is the same as the one on my car , it was easy to replace and the price was just right ...
 My car has 160K with the original O2 sensor . I did n't have a check engine light on but the engine has a hesitation at times from a start so I checked scan tool data and found that the sensor was on the slow side and not responding like it should . I find like spark plugs the O2 sensors wear out slowly and they cause poor fuel mileage and other drivability issues . Prior to replacing the O2 I also preformed a complete tune up and cleaned the throttle body and the fuel injectors but that did n't make any difference even thought it was way over due . The sensor seems to have fixed the problem I was having so it was money well spent . The sensor came in a ACDelco box and was in good shape .
 Ford YL5Z-13K359-BAA - SWITCH ASY - DIRECTI -LSB- ... -RSB- Part Name
 I serched the net for a fair price including shipping . The part you sent came to me in a very short time and the service saved me time and money to do other things . Thank you for serving me.David
 OEM part and shipped fast and was the cheapest priced on the web.I will buy from him again .
 My mom needed this for her Ford Explorer and my dad is a mechanic and said it was a very good product and it solved the problem .
 As an avid NASCAR fan , I searched for NASCAR auto floor mats on the Internet in order to display my passion . I found this colorful pair at amazon.com , crossed my fingers and purchased the set . They came quickly , they are very attractive , and they do the job in my little Aveo .
 MY GRANDSON WANTED FLOOR MATS FOR HIS TRUCK AND HE IS INTO NASCAR AND I COULD NOT FIND THE MATS ANYWHERE BUT AMAZON AND IT WAS SO EASY I HAD THE MATS IN MY HOME IN 4 DAYS AFTER ORDERING THEM AND HE LOVED RECEIVING THEM FOR CHRISTMAS ALONG WITH THE STEERING WHEEL COVER THAT I PURCHASED . THANK YOU AMAZON FOR COMING ACROSS AGAIN .
 Perfect fit for a Chevrolet Tracker 2003 , removed the `` Check Engine Soon '' as expected and delivers . I wonder if fuel economy will improve , but only time will tell .
 The timing belt I purchased for my Mazda MPV did the job I needed it to do . And saved me money . Thank you Amazon
 Bought this for a 2001 F-350 XLT which had a broken headlight knob . Came in a Motorola box , no installation instructions but none needed . Popped the old one out with a standard flat tip screwdriver , moved the snap wiring connectors from the old to the new and simply popped the new unit back in the dash . 2 minute replacement anyone can do . All features have worked perfectly , looks exactly like the original and arrived on time .
 Fits perfec . No problem looks very very NICE in my car thank You . . Also I keep looking for more parts I 'm intresting in head lights
 This fit my Mercedes 190E 16V perfectly ! The length is perfect and the gromet fits just right and is not difficult to install . No need to modify anything whatsoever . I would recommend this to anyone who has the exact same plugs .
 I had decided to replace the transmission filter in my XJ-6 Jaguar while I was rebuilding it and looked to Amazon for the part . I was surprised to locate a copy of the original part made in England . I ordered the part and it arrived quickly and was a perfect fit for my transmission and has been great so far . It is nice to know that I can turn to Amazon for parts like this for an older classic Jaguar from Amazon .
 I ordered these to use on an old boat trailer I am rebuilding . They suit the job perfectly and wo n't rust . I recommend ordering the conbination offered for the fender brackets as advertised on Amazon for the right part .
 What can I say ? They did the job . I put them on , drove the car and they work . The old ones were down to the point where the wear indicator was making a whistling sound indicating end of life . For less time than it takes to drive the car somewhere to have this job done , I jacked the thing up , pulled the old pads and put these on .
 The ford escape offers a built in diagnostic test for the cruse control . Run it to see what is bad and replace the part . It 's that simple .
 I live in southwest Florida where , in the summer it rains just about every afternoon . These vent visors were the greatest addition I 've added to my vehicle . It allows me to let some air in so the interior does n't get quite as stifling hot , but they keep the rain out . At roughly ten bucks per window with absolutely no tools required , these are an absolute must !! I like the fact that they are not stuck with tape to the outside of my car . They slip in the window channels and look like they came from the factory . Thanks !
 GREAT PRODUCE ! NO PROBLEM TO INSTALL THE AUTOSHADE VENTVISORS , LOOKS AND WORKS GREAT . THEY LOOK LIKE A FACTORY INSTALLED ITEM .
 Know anyone who likes trains , drives a truck , but is really hard to find gifts for ? I do and this worked great!My only complaint is that it is made of plastic and it feels a little flimsy .
 Bought this for my mother-in-law to give to my father-in-law . He absolutely LOVED it ! Must have for any train fanatic ! : -RRB-
 It is sturdy , attractive and it looks like a minature coupler . Looks good and shows my interest in railroads . I bought another as a gift .
 This stuff is extremly easy to use and works well . My plastic len 's on my car were completely hazed out . After using this product , it restored them to almost new condition . Worth every penny .
 Works very well , faded color will re-surfaced after 3 or 4 months U have to re-polished them , but it take only 5 minutes so it 's worth for the money and effort .
 I was very happy with the results . I needed to replace a headlight assembly and the other one looked really dull . After one application of the cleaner and the polish , the headlight looked almost new . I think in a couple of weeks I will apply this again and see if I can make it look new . This product is worth it !!!!
 I put KYB Monomax Shocks on my Dodge3/4 ton 4X4 and they work great . I 've had them on my 1996 Ford F350 CrewCab 4X4 with a Powerstroke for about 5 years now and they have been flawless . I had a 1996 Jeep Grand Cherokee 4X4 with a 4.0 6cyl engine and it had a lot of body roll . I put KYB Monomax shocks on all wheels and so long body roll . They fixed all the handling and sway issues . Great Product with a good price from amazon .
 this was the Best service i have Ever had . It was delived the next day to me . AMAZING SERVICE . So thrilled to have tunes back in my truck . A million thanks !
 I got into my truck the other day and much to my surprise I had no music to soothe my soul going down the road . I diagnosed the problem to be the Bose amplifier in my truck . I found the part available on amazon.com at a great price and ordered it . It came promptly and was an exact replacement as advertised . My truck now sounds like it did when it was brand new . Great service , fast shipping and a quality product . I would highly reccomend this product and company .
 I purchased this for my 2005 Toyota Matrix base model.This clutch fit perfectly and was very easy to install . Be sure to buy a new throw out bearing as this does not come with one.Let me start by saying I was in need of a new clutch and I wanted something with added performance and longer life with out sacrificing comfortable shifting for everyday driving . This clutch made all my wishes come true!What is hard to see from the picture is that the clutch has two sides to it one textured side for smooth shifts , and the other side has raised pucks on it for performance . Hence the Dual Friction.After installing it took about 500 miles to break in . The first 100 miles were rough it caught very very fast . Once it broke in though you get very smooth shifting with great holding power if you want to do some fun fast driving with hard shifts . It puts up with red line hard shifts very well and grips right away . it gives you a performance feel when you want it and a comfortable easy smooth shift for everyday driving.couldn ' t be more happy with this clutch !
 This tonneau cover installs very easily in minutes . It is of very good quality and design as well . I have had other tonneau covers that were tri-fold style and each of them would lift from the bed rail in the center slightly at speeds above 50 MPH or so . At 85 MPH I have not experienced any lift at all . The seal does a very good job all around and has kept my cargo area dry in wet weather . If you have rail caps on your bed you need to ensure the forward securing clamps are in contact with the steel bed -LRB- not a plastic cap rail cover -RRB- otherwise you will need to cut away a small portion -LRB- about 1 inch -RRB- at the clamp location . The rear clamps are spring loaded and perform exceptionally well . Did a lot of searching for deals on this cover and the norm online or at stores runs $ 385 - $ 445 -LRB- of course no tax and free shipping online -RRB- . Bottom line having been there is if you pay $ 250 - $ 350 for a cover that 's what you get . I would highly recommend you pay the additional $ 35 to $ 100 and get one that really works well and stays securely on your bed . It has an unbeatable warranty to so you ca n't go wrong . Mine went on a 6.5 ' bed 2007 F-150 styleside -LRB- Extang 44790 -RRB- and I had a hard time verifying correct part # on the Amazon site -LRB- their specs and dimensions are not accurate -RRB- . I recommend you verify the correct part # at the Extang Outlet web site prior to buying from Amazon then you should be fine .
 I have had many covers on many trucks . This Extang cover is the best . I can easily fold it to add tall cargo . I can remove & reinstall by myself .
 This has been a great buy for us . I would suggest this for anyone that has a child using a stroller and the stroller needs to be put in the bed of the truck.We can go shopping and place our items in the bed , and lock the tail gate to prevent the cover being opened . As with any soft top , if someone wants in a knife will do the trickWe placed Christmas gifts as well as our clothes in the bed of the truck and everything was just as dry as when we placed it in there , even while driving in rain.Easy on and off for when I want to haul riding mower , or haul anything higher than the bed rail . Fold back if you only need space at the tail gate end.Money well spent .
 I was n't sure about this item when I first looked at it , but when I got it , it was exactly as advertised . It installed easily and works great .
 These car mats are very sturdy and well made . The fireman 's logo is bright , large and is printed on a raised surface with excellent quality and is heavy duty to withstand wear without wrecking the graphic . I was impressed with how great they were made and how they look .
 I was really happy to be able to find such an unusual item that was such great quality . I wanted this as a wedding gift for my husband and all the other ones I found out there looked rather cheesy . These were absoultely beautiful and great quality . The bonus was they match his new car perfectly . Shipping was really fast . I would definitely order from this company again !
 These floor mats were the perfect way to accessorize the new truck ! They are very heavy & durable ! They will be easy to wash , with just a spray from the hose -LRB- fire or garden LOL -RRB- ! Now that the strobe lights are installed on the truck ... and these great floor mats ... we 're ready to roll !
 The floor mats are of high quality and were one of the most loved presents my firefighter brother received for Christmas . The seller was awesome in service as the mats came quickly and well packaged .
 very nice just what i wanted for my truck.Maltese cross is an added bonus . I would recommend this item to a friend
 i am very happy with my purchase no problems or hassles will purchase more items good job floor mats for my new truck
 Excellent , the white will get dirty though , I would recommend buying these floor mats if you are wanting to go with the fire dept. scheme .
 This thing really is a breeze to put on and take off . It does n't bounce as some of the same type do . It stayed down in the wind , over all I will purchase another one for my Long bed only I think I will go with the hard cover this time .
 Received in a timely mannor , in good condition . Easy to install . Have had this on our vehicle for awhile now . Summer , fall , winter . No problems . Like the way it locks down versus some snap .
 Fit great , EZ to take off and put back on . I have a bed liner and i ended up marking in black marker were it goes so the install was easy . fit great . very happy!corners have shrunk up a little but nothing to bad .
 Got this for my Vulcan 3.0 ! It is all around the correct part , albeit that the wires are a half inch too short . Which might not be a bad thing ! Since too long of a wire near your exhaust is asking for trouble -LRB- I do n't know how long the sensor with longer wire is -RRB- I just popped the stock wire holder out of the chassis -LRB- to get the extra 1/2 '' -RRB- and used a couple ziptys to hold it instead!I always thread the sensor in first and get the factory applied antisieze into the threads and then add a bit more of my own . I keep my cars along time , so a bit extra makes the next time easier on a semi rusted exhaust !
 Love the price for Bosch quality . No point in buying the one-size-fits-all O2 sensor at this price . The anti-seize compound on the threads is a nice touch .
 Got what I needed and it was cheaper than all of my local parts stores . I can only think of one complaint . One of the sensors was missing the protective thread cap on the end . It was n't damaged so no big deal . They even came with never seize on the threads . Good buy .
 drivin down the road an yer car coughs an snorts -- pump the gas pedal an it squares away -LRB- for now -RRB- gets worser as time progresses -- seems like it just runs outa gas until ya pumps the pedal then it starts an runs ok -LRB- for now -RRB- ... . O2 sensor may be the problem -- its main job in life is to control the engine air/fuel mixture -- when it screws up -LRB- an they usually do -RRB- ya gets the bucking an snorting syndrome -- does take a special socket to change this guy so as not ta break it while yer doing -- but is still way cheaper than havin a ` professional ' wrench do it -- the guys @ bosch invented this stuff so I kinda stick w/their products if possible ...
 This O2 sensor was a perfect replacement for the OEM unit ; carefully packed and easy to install .
 Great seat - very comfortable on long rides . The seat sits higher and closer than stock on my 2007 Street Glide but it works for me .
 Seat is a lot more comfortable then the stock . Makes long distance rides better and dont have to stop as much to move around .
 Exactly what I want !!! There loud and nice looking , easy to install . Need and extra cables depending were install it .
 This pair of horns does the job , i like the sound and they are loud !! , easy to install.and they look great
 Horns were easy to install and the sound is very good , and the looks made my motorcycle better than I expected .
 I installed this on my 2007 GMC pickup , in which one of the pair of horns had quit . Installation takes a little thought , but this is a chance to be creative . I was able to mount the horns themselves in EXISTING empty holes on sheetmetal between the radiator structure and the grill , offset to the drivers side , out of the weather , and angled down/left/front . The short hose was just long enough to reach the compressor , installed in a hole I made on a sheetmetal tab in front of the windshield washer/battery . The compressor is next to the fill cap for the windshield washer , and the battery can be pulled out without moving the compressor . I used a scotchlock to tap into the horn wire near the horn -LRB- directly below and in front of the windshield washer tank -RRB- , this drives the primary of the relay , mounted on the fender wall between the battery and the fuse center . I bought an in-line fuse with a few inches of 10 gauge wire on each end for a couple bucks from the local auto parts store , and used it to run from the accessory terminal on the front of the fuse center to the relay secondary , and ran some scrap 10 gauge wire from the relay and ground to the compressor motor . It works in parallel with the factory horn . There is a sub-second delay between the stock horn and the air horn , and then both air horns do n't come in at the same moment . I could kill the remaining stock horn , but when I lock the doors with the key fob , the delay prevents the air horns from engaging and waking the neighbors but I get the stock `` toot '' when I hit the button . I suspect if the hose is longer , the delay will get worse . This is why the train horn setups use compressors with tanks and solenoid valves to activate the horns . If the kit included a loading valve , the delay would n't be fixed , but at least the horns would activate at the same moment -LRB- a split second after the relay switches -RRB- . Bottom line -LRB- finally -RRB- , great value for the price , and the truck sounds like a truck .
 Stock horn was useless on my 1993 Harley-Davidson Ultra Glide Classic Bought theWolo Model 415-MC Airsplitter Super Loud Chrome Metal Dual Trumpet Air Horn Kit - 12 Voltto kick it up a notch , Wow did it ever ! haha I installed this on my bike in the garage and the door to the garage was closed so after everything was done i hit the horn button to test it and my ear had a ring in it for a few minutes after that , So -LRB- Caution -RRB- if you buy this `` test it out side '' Just so you know I used the stock bracket on the bike to install this horn , but you will have to go to a auto parts store and pick up few other things like color of your choice 16 gauge wire some male and female wire connectors and a 20amp in-line fuse along with electrical tape , `` A NOTE OF CAUTION '' this horn comes with a relay switch , and YES you need to use it in your installation ! So do n't throw it out !! I used my stock horn button for this horn which is why you need the relay switch to cut down the power to the horn button !! '' `` Did I mention you do need the relay switch '' '' Any way fellow bikers -- Ride On --
 it 's great stuff , the horn working perfected , good price.will recommend to friendsonly little problem with the installing.if it 's come with hardware it will be nice
 WOW !!! These things are REALLY LOUD ! Just what we were looking for to put on our motorcycle . If drivers do n't see us coming , they will certainly hear us when we blow the horn , the safety factor has increased tremendously . They also look really sharp on the bike , which makes us very happy.Ride safe to all you fellow bikers .
 Very good , annoying for other people -LRB- thats what i got it for -RRB- . i dont think its 125 dp like it says , but its still pretty loud .
 El producto nuevo todo en perfecto orden lleg&oacute; a tiempo en el tiempo estipulado y justo lo que se queria gracias
 I purchase these horns because of the advertised 120dcb sound , that 's after I got cut-off for the `` nth '' time on my bike . Calling the stock horn weak is a compliment . Wiring the horn is straight forward , just follow the instructions . You do have to buy a length of each 12ga and 16ga wires -LRB- 12ga for + & - to battery , 16ga to existing horn wires -RRB- and a 20amp in-line fuse . However , placement of the horn takes some ingenuity as another reviewer had mentioned . I mounted mine in the two holes left empty when I removed the pare valve off the right side of the cylinders sometime ago . Perfect fit , all I had to do is to buy two longer 6mm bolts than was provided in the kit . I do n't know if they are really 120dcb but they are LOUD . I tested inside the garage and made my wife jump 3ft inside the house through a closed door .
 These horns are LOUD ! Ca n't wait for the first time I have to use them ! I have a 2005 Road King Police and had installed the Kuryakyn Hidden Horns . Those electric horns have never worked right for the price I paid ! I decided on replacing them with the Wolo Airsplitter Air Horns and they worked out great ! Mounting the air compressor was a bit challenging but I fabricated a bracket and mounted it just forward of the right rear shock , making sure the spring arm would n't hit . Took it out for a ride through some really bumpy roads in Irving Texas and passed with flying colors ! For those that are familiar with Irving , you know what I mean ! Bottom line is these horns work great but you need to have some imagination when it comes to mounting them . They do not come with any instructions or mounting hardware as they are generic for a number of bikes but when you do get them mounted , you 'll be impressed ! At least that 's what my neighbors said!Just a side note , Amazon had the best price for these horns !!
 Just what I wanted over my factory horns . A lot more umph if I needed to sound off in my new truck . As with other horn units I have purchased in the pass , this one rates up high . I just removed my factory horns , plugged the new Wolo unit into the original power source -LRB- acceptable due to existing truck wiring design -RRB- and mounted it in the truck . Coming from an engineering background , however , I modified some of the parts . I replaced the air hose vinyl supply line with a high pressure one , re-figured my mount via an `` L '' bracket I designed , therefore , hugging the compressor to the body of the truck and removed the air horns bug deflectors and replaced them with screen and installed them in a 30 degree downward angle facing front of vehicle . Installation with the parts hunting was only half a day , but mind you I am particular on the end result with appearance and performance . Happy with the purchase and would buy another ...
 Well - not sure why these days ... but I was pleased that the the installation of these horns wnet as per the instructions.One thing to watch for is the air tube from the pump to the horns is very short so if you are planning to install these have enough room in the area of the horns to install the puml in a vertical position.Nice and loud - better than the stock horns . These are installed on a Class `` A '' motorhome and the stock horns sounds like door buzzers .
 Wolo usually makes great horn and I had previosly bought the wolo 519 chrome for my grand cherokee and installed it where the manufacturer horn was installed but after some heavy rain water caused it to malfunction , so I replaced it with this wolo 415 dual trumpet and found a place in the engine compartment for it . Could not have been more satisfied . Great sound and great looking horn . Definitely an attention grabber . BUY IT ...
 Nice air horn , loud , only there was no mounting bracket , you get hardware that allows the horns to be bolted to something but no bracket . I had to make a bracket to fit my harley dresser . I used the factory horn bracket and bolted a steel plate to it with chrome hardware , painted the plate wrinkle black and both horns mount to it and then the compressor behind the horns . easy to wire , the relay went under the seat . they say to mount the compressor under the seat but there is no room and it is too far for the tubing . over all a good price considering what harley gets for one that just bolts on .
 I bought these horns for my 2001 Vulcan 1500 Classic . They 're loud as hell !!!! It took a little ingenuity to get them mounted because there is no mounting hardware . I mounted them vertically in front on the engine on both sides between the engine and the frame . I used the existing horn mounts , but had to bend them a little . The pump went on the frame below them between the engine and radiator . Again , LOUUD !!!!! Any protection from the enemy -LRB- soccer mom in her SUV , on her cell phone -RRB- is worth the trouble .
 Took me abot an hour to install on my 2000 4runner , good directions , easy install and they are really LOUD seems to be a very good Horn kit for less than 45 bucks and free shipping.I pulled out the grille and had plenty room to mount everything , comes with all hardware but you will have to drill some holes to mount the horns or build your own L brackets ... great kit very satisfied
 Great product , if you want to make that other driver aware you are there . They wo n't miss hearing these horns . . It sounds like an eighteen wheeler coming at you ...
 Amazon had a nice price on this tire , so I picked it up for a KTM 640 Sumo.The bike is used as a really damn fun travel bike , not for racing . The tires work great on roads that have been paved poorly , are broken up from truck traffic and are in generally rough shape . The hold great on nice black top too !
 I purchased this for my F-250 with an 8 foot bed . It took all of about 5 minutes to take it out of the box and put it on the truck . The clamping system works very well and is easy to use . I have driven on the Interstate with the cover down and with the cover folded up on the front of the truck . It works very well either way . No problems with the wind.I purchased this cover because I wanted to be able to keep the rain or snow off stuff in the bed . I also wanted a cover that is easy to open and store in case I was hauling something that is too tall to go under the cover . I have a fifth wheel RV trailer . This cover works perfectly with my trailer . Fold the cover down and hide the hitch and anything you may have in the bed . Fold the cover up -LRB- no need to remove it -RRB- and you can hitch up your trailer and go.I was tempted to purchase the hard cover instead of this one but now that I have it I 'm glad that I got this one . Because it is covered with fabric it does n't look like a folding cover . It really makes the truck look stylist .
 Installed quickly on my 2010 F-250 , and fits nicely . The latches at the back end are not as easy to use as other latches I have experienced , but adequate non the less .
 I 've always been an Extang fan , even had one of the original &#34; classic &#34; -LRB- snap-type -RRB- tonneaus on my first truck -LRB- and what a bear that was to open and close in the cold weather -RRB- . The tri-fold design is extremely simple to use - no snaps or velcro , no rails to remove - piece of cake . The quality of the Extang unit is high . Fit is perfect on my 2007 F350.It 's a big item , so make sure you check it out when you receive it . The box on mine was a little beat up -LRB- presumably from transport -RRB- and there were a couple of small marks on the cover that I had no issue with.No stars subtracted , but I feel that the clips on the tonneau that allow you to tie up the cover when it 's open or removed could have been better concealed . They are attached right to the top of the cover and sit prominently at the front of the bed . My wash mitt catches on them sometimes when I 'm washing the truck . The older covers had these tethered such that they could drop down in between the bed and the cab and remain concealed .
 so far so good with this helmet it fits better than other helmet that i have own , love the color it matches my honda gold wing . the gold wing has a big and wide windshield , but if you use this helmet with a bike with a lower windshield or with no windshield you will need goggles because even with glasses you are going to have a hard time seeing .
 I have owned many over a lifetime of riding . After several years of use , I replace them because no matter how good they are , lining , padding , structural integrity become suspect . Two truths about helmets
 This is a great open face helmet . I have purchased Shoei in the past and they run true to size every time . Additionally , the shipping time was super ! Very pleased with this purchase .
 It is hard to find a quality open face helmet any more . I do n't like full face helmets and at 62 years of age I 'm not going to switch . My old open face helmet from 1975 was falling apart . I tried several lesser priced helmets but they did n't fit right and were small and cheap . This is a great fitting very high quality helmet that I 'll use mostly for snowmobiling and some for motorcycle street riding . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 I bought this to replace an aging RJ Platinum Air that I wore so much the foam liner started deteriorating . This helmet is a newer version of that helmet and it has its plusses and minuses . The plus is it is much lighter and sits a little higher on your head . I 've not noticed any ventilation issues so I guess that 's a good thing . The minus is the cheek pieces come `` out '' further and initially they bugged me but I guess now I 'm getting used to them . I liked the strap stay on the old version better since this one has one of the little plastic snaps . Overall a great helmet but I wish Shoei would have stuck to their old shell shape .
 This only takes seconds to install and remove!Great Buy Great Look , You ca n't beat the price and the quality , one of the better covers
 Bought thrse to replace the rotors on my 98 XJ . They are a direct fit and the anti-corrosion finish on them is great . Been on the Jeep for 9 months now and no problems .
 I chose these Premium Centric rotors recently for a full front end brake job on my 96 Jeep ZJ . They look great and perform just as well.You can look up the part numbers you need on their website -LSB- ... -RSB- Honestly I 'd likely choose the standard rotors next time . 2x the price for a shiny black center `` special E-coating '' -LRB- lol -RRB- seems like a bit much.Still , they are high quality and I have another set on order for another vehicle .
 so far so good with this helmet it fits better than other helmet that i have own , love the color it matches my honda gold wing . the gold wing has a big and wide windshield , but if you use this helmet with a bike with a lower windshield or with no windshield you will need goggles because even with glasses you are going to have a hard time seeing .
 I have owned many over a lifetime of riding . After several years of use , I replace them because no matter how good they are , lining , padding , structural integrity become suspect . Two truths about helmets
 This is a great open face helmet . I have purchased Shoei in the past and they run true to size every time . Additionally , the shipping time was super ! Very pleased with this purchase .
 It is hard to find a quality open face helmet any more . I do n't like full face helmets and at 62 years of age I 'm not going to switch . My old open face helmet from 1975 was falling apart . I tried several lesser priced helmets but they did n't fit right and were small and cheap . This is a great fitting very high quality helmet that I 'll use mostly for snowmobiling and some for motorcycle street riding . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 I bought this to replace an aging RJ Platinum Air that I wore so much the foam liner started deteriorating . This helmet is a newer version of that helmet and it has its plusses and minuses . The plus is it is much lighter and sits a little higher on your head . I 've not noticed any ventilation issues so I guess that 's a good thing . The minus is the cheek pieces come `` out '' further and initially they bugged me but I guess now I 'm getting used to them . I liked the strap stay on the old version better since this one has one of the little plastic snaps . Overall a great helmet but I wish Shoei would have stuck to their old shell shape .
 Got this to replace a broken end link on a 2004 Acura TL , good fit and seems to be doing it 's job well .
 I replaced my old O2 sensor with this new Bosch 13957 3 Wire O2 Sensor . Change my idle at first , but get better gas mileage now !
 Used this to clean and polish my drum hardware -LRB- rims , lugs , etc. -RRB- , and it worked great !
 I used this product to polish the pickup covers on my Gibson ES-135 electric guitar . Years of neglect had left the chrome dull and dirty and a little bit of this , a microfiber cloth , and some elbow grease left those PAF covers looking shiny and new . Quite impressive !
 Was skeptical at first . Why not just use a wax ? Tried it and was surprised it also took away small rust spots on my chrome wheels . After , I applied Mothers carnuba wax to protect the chrome because this is only a polish .
 I have been using this product since 2004 . I used to use this by hand until they came out with the mother 's powerball . What a difference in time saved using the powerball . Using both of these products keeps your chrome looking like new . I highly recommend using them both .
 Chrome will always be chrome , but after you polish those beautiful parts with this liquid , you 'll see a charming difference , totally recommended !
 I have used this polish andTurtle Wax chrome polishand I like this product better . It is a bit easier and quicker to apply and removes brake dust more easily . Otherwise , both products work well . I am going to continue buying Mothers instead of Turtle Wax to save time when polishing my chrome wheels .
 My elder son sells new and second-hand decorative parts for trucks , and uses Mothers Chrome Polish a lot . He finds it polishes better than anything else he 's tried , making his products much more attractive to buyers . Highly recommended , but we understand that the product is being discontinued .
 this Mother -LRB- 's -RRB- made the chrome on my motorcycle stand tall!This is probably the best chrome polish on the market , in my humble opin.i use it with the Mother 's microfiber cloth and they make chrome become a beautiful mirror!Easily 5 * !
 i have a 2001 dodge dakota slt edition and wow does mother chrome polish really make my chrome grill and front & rear ; bumpers really standout . my buddy has a ford ranger and even he was blown away at how shiny my chrome was on my truck vs what stuff he was using on his rangers chrome . would definalty recommend this to friend.looks better alot better on ACTUAL chrome parts vs plastic parts thats dipped into chrome paint
 I 've used this on my chrome rims as well as front and rear chrome logos . The results are very good . Now obviously if the parts you are trying to polish are already worn out for instance for scratches , you can not expect miracles . My rims for instance have some scratches as my car is 5 years old . So on them , you could only see partial improvements . But the logos , that are not scratched , are visibly more shiny than before .
 It sure makes cleaning my cars a whole lot easier . I would recommend this to anyone that has a bad back like me or even some other limited movement disablities , but still wants to clean your cars and not pay a car wash .
 The Autowash definitely made washing my truck both easier and faster , i.e. , do n't have to return to bucket frequently to soap-up . Unit itself seems well made . I used brush attachment to clean wheels and bumpers and then switched to cloth head for painted surfaces . Only minor complaint is that brush is n't orificed like cloth head and hence solution in stick flows-out fairly quickly , which of course depends on orientation one is holding stick itself . EZI Dry -LRB- squeegee -RRB- made drying windows a snap .
 After several weeks of searching on line , I finally found this bargain ! All the other sites had only the washing wand for $ 25 , but this site had all three for $ 25 and because it was $ 25 ... I got free shipping too ! Once you use this washing method for your cars or boats ... you will NEVER settle for anything else ! It makes washing your cars , etc. , fun , easy and they come out cleaner than a car wash too !
 I purchased two of these auto brushes . I gave one to my daughter when she bought her new car . They are the perfect way to get your car clean quickly and efficiently . Your hands never have to get wet . This brush is made well and hopefully I will be able to buy replacement pads when I need them .
 You always need good car clean-up gear . These are perfect for SUV 's so you have that extra reach . Good purchase
 Received it today ... used it today . It was 94 degrees today so I was very pleased at how use of this product made quick work of cleaning my suv . Loading the soap is like loading a flavor injector - so easy . I cleaned from top to bottom so that I could take advantage of maximum extension while the tube was full of soap . Using the brush on the tires and rims was a sinch . The brush is soft and did n't damage the surface yet cleaned relatively well .
 After loaning my Cadillac to my son who in turn let his wife drive it , I noticed the cruise control button was missing from the end of the turn signal lever . How did that happen ? Noone knew . Replacing the button was not an option so a new lever was necessary -LRB- unless I was willing to give up having cruise control -RRB- . The GM dealer wanted almost $ 200 for a replacement . Amazon had this one for $ 80 . The wait was well over a month but for the price I could n't complain . Then I received notice that it would be arriving much sooner and sure enough , it did . I compared the existing lever with the new one and they were identical . I installed the new one and then took the car for a test drive . Everything works ... turn signals , hi-beam , windshield wipers , and -LRB- yay -RRB- the cruise control . Thank you , Amazon , for once again delivering a product that perfectly matches my need and at a price point that 's incomparable !
 I purchased this a while ago and finally have been able to use it . I have to honest say - I will be coming back and purchasing it again when I get close to empty ! I -LRB- as well as many others -RRB- have found Mother 's products to be of very high quality ! My interior looks better than when I first bought it !
 Best product . It wo n't dry out your vinyl like Armor All or create a mirror on your dashboard that will blind you on a sunny day .
 this product will leave a slight shine on your dashboard -LRB- but not like if you would apply armor all -RRB- I really hate a SHINNEY dash , but with this product the dash manages to stay like new condition -LRB- CLEAN looking -RRB- for a long time , -LRB- 20 days at least -RRB- -LRB- That 's if you do n't go around with your windows down -RRB-
 I have searched high and low for mothers protectant and it seems as if all the stores in the area have gotten rid of it . I have no idea why , it lasts long , smells great , lubricates and protects . Mothers has a great product here and I recommend it to everyone who cares about their car .
 this product will leave a slight shine on your dashboard -LRB- but not like if you would apply armor all -RRB- I really hate a SHINNEY dash , but with this product the dash manages to stay like new condition -LRB- CLEAN looking -RRB- for a long time , -LRB- 20 days at least -RRB- -LRB- That 's if you do n't go around with your windos down -RRB-
 This is a very good product . The it goes on easily , is non-glossy , and non-greasy . It has a sweet cherry smell that you may or may not not like . I will be using this again .
 I like the cherry scent that is not overpowering . It adds a gloss without too much shine or oily residue . A little goes a long way .
 I have always used Mother 's products too clean my cars and have always been very happy . I started using the products for car shows and although I no longer own either show car , I still use the products . They clean and shine well and have a great smell .
 I have been using this dressing for years . I love that I found the large container . I definitely will buy again .
 Some of the best stuff around , it does n't leave a dust magnet coating like Armor all . I have noticed that it does develop a film after a few years . I have used this on all my cars for many years I only apply it about 3 times a year and a light wipe with a microfiber towel does the trick in-between .
 This product worked great on my color keyed bumpers and on my interior . Has a pretty good smell to it also .
 I am completely satisfied with Amazing Keys especially when I had a question and within 24hrs received an email response . I would do business again , these guys saved me a lot of money by me not having to go to thedealership for a replacement .
 I ordered three sizes in 50 foot spools for rebuilding a 1966 T-bird . The tubing was delivered promptly and it 's of high quality . Highly recommended .
 Fits and cured the windshield washer fluid leak in my ML500 , grommet included , easy fix . Since I was there I also replaced the grommet on the second pump , they were both brittle . First time using this brand , so far it 's holding up . Mahalo for reading .
 so far so good with this helmet it fits better than other helmet that i have own , love the color it matches my honda gold wing . the gold wing has a big and wide windshield , but if you use this helmet with a bike with a lower windshield or with no windshield you will need goggles because even with glasses you are going to have a hard time seeing .
 I have owned many over a lifetime of riding . After several years of use , I replace them because no matter how good they are , lining , padding , structural integrity become suspect . Two truths about helmets
 This is a great open face helmet . I have purchased Shoei in the past and they run true to size every time . Additionally , the shipping time was super ! Very pleased with this purchase .
 It is hard to find a quality open face helmet any more . I do n't like full face helmets and at 62 years of age I 'm not going to switch . My old open face helmet from 1975 was falling apart . I tried several lesser priced helmets but they did n't fit right and were small and cheap . This is a great fitting very high quality helmet that I 'll use mostly for snowmobiling and some for motorcycle street riding . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 I bought this to replace an aging RJ Platinum Air that I wore so much the foam liner started deteriorating . This helmet is a newer version of that helmet and it has its plusses and minuses . The plus is it is much lighter and sits a little higher on your head . I 've not noticed any ventilation issues so I guess that 's a good thing . The minus is the cheek pieces come `` out '' further and initially they bugged me but I guess now I 'm getting used to them . I liked the strap stay on the old version better since this one has one of the little plastic snaps . Overall a great helmet but I wish Shoei would have stuck to their old shell shape .
 IF YOU WORK UNDER VEHICLES AND THE GROUNG IS NOT THE BEST THEN THIS ONES FOR YOU !! RUGEDLY BULT ROLLS SMOOTH AS SILK !! VARY HAPPY !!
 Got this for use in my crawlspace . The floor is very rough and littered with small stones , old screws and bits of wire from the scummy previous owners of my house . It rolls great on the rough floor and usually goes right over all the debris . Occasionally it will get stuck on something though , but I did n't expect anything to work perfectly in this situation.Good construction and very solidly built wheels .
 Excellent creeper , somebody listened to the earlier reviews , I have no caster problems , it got to me before the scheduled delivery date and in a few words `` this is a TANK ! '' rolls over any surface I 've subjected it to and it is American Made . Great value , best price at Amazon , and I recommend this to anyone who needs a quality creeper that wo n't necessarily be used in ideal smooth floor shop conditions .
 I Bought This Creeper For My Brother For His Birthday And He Just Loves It . 2005 Mustang GT
 Very rugged product , assembled very quickly and will roll over cords dirt floors and rough ground . If you need a professional creeper that will keep up with you wherever you need to go this is the one !
 I bought this for my husband to use under our 5th wheel . He was pleased with my choice . We have an aggregate driveway and he loved the strength of the wheels . After requesting one as a gift he had become concerned that our driveway would make it hard to roll around on one . When he saw this one he was no longer worried . Very very pleased !
 I bought my creeper several years ago because I was tired of grinding to a halt when I hit small stones or sand on my garage floor . With this creeper , I can roll over air hoses without any trouble . If anything , the wheels are too good ! Several times I 've given myself a gentle push and gone shooting underneath the entire length of my car . I 'm 210 pounds and this creeper supports me without an issue.The next support of the bone is good , although for long-term use you might want to use a small rolled up towel for a bit more comfort.The product is made of a heavy duty plastic and oils and fluids wipe right off it without leaving a mark.I love the fact that the entire Bone is made in the USA - that 's one of the reasons I bought it . The initial quality is very good and after several years of home use I 'm still pleased with the longevity.The only reason I 've not given this product a 5-star is because of the ` pods ' that house the wheels . There have been a few times when I 've been working in a very tight space with my arms up around shoulder height and the pods have been in the way . This meant I had to contort around them , which is quite uncomfortable . The next day I 've had bruises on my shoulders because of being pressed against the pods for an hour.Otherwise , I 'd highly recommend the Bone . I 'd certainly buy another , but it 's unlikely I 'll ever need to as it 's built so well .
 this is a grat item to have it almost meet all my spectation other than been very static electricity creator it great
 Works good in shop but really works great out in the yard , we can do services on trailers out in the yard instead of running thru the shop , saves me couple hours on a Saturday .
 I bought this creeper to use on rough concrete and packed gravel . I do have to say that it works pretty well for the terrain . The design looks kind of goofy , bit it really is as good as it gets . The tires are bigger , but you are lower slung which helps out under trailers . It gets pretty tight sliding under a truck rear end . The creeper seems good quality so far . It has a pretty big footprint compared to other creepers ive used , but it hasent proved to be a problem . I would recommend this product .
 I purchased this for my rough floor in the shop . Works so good , my friend needed one , so I bought him one too .
 The construction and durability of the body are excellent , but they are definitly `` over-selling '' the wheels . The bearings for the wheels and the mounting is good but the `` wide floatation type tread does n't sink into soft surfaces '' is not accurate . The wheels could definitly be wider and/or pneumatic , and that would guarantee it would not sink into soft surfaces.Also , the headrest is a complete and total joke . The company seems to be more concerned with getting their logo onto the product , rather than making a functional and comfortable headrest . I wish that this is something that the company would change , or even offer a `` real '' headrest as an option , if you are reading this Dale Adams , fix this problem !
 This is a fantastic product . In comparison with the tradional small wheeled creepers , the bone moves over rough terrain with ease . It definitely makes mechanic work a lot easier . Very happy with my purchase .
 Rolls easily on hard packed roadbase or dirt even over the occasional loose rock on concrete or pavement . If the wheels were wider you could roll on softer dirt if needed .
 Seems tough and durable . The large diameter wheels do very well on rough asphalt . It could be lighter and for > $ 100 , it should have an adjustable head rest .
 I purchase this Creeper for my guy . He is please with this product and I am please of the price ! Thank you , again !
 I use this for outdoor automotive work and foundation repair under my house . The black body is stiff and strong , quite comfortable too . It is an excellent design . My only complaint is that the casters bring down the overall performance of the creeper . The ads say , `` Wide , flotation-type tread , '' but these solid tires do n't have any tread at all . The are hard plastic , and mostly flat . As a result they do n't `` float '' over surface irregularities like a rounded pneumatic or low-density tire would . On pavement , the creeper gets hung up on air hoses , tools , etc. because of the rigid tires . On dirt , the creeper tends to sink into the ground , again because of the rigid tires . I weigh 160 lbs.I may end up buying a better set of casters , but for -LSB- the money -RSB- I expected a top-notch product right out of the box . This is probably the best creeper for outdoor work , but it would be unstoppable if Pegasus had selected better casters .
 This creeper is excellent in durability , and function when it comes to outside work , I am a Diesel Technician , I usually work outside in all kinds of enviroments , this is the only creeper that gets around in rough suraces anything else you are better off with a piece of cardboard . This is my second one I owned , my first lasted my three years until someone ran it over with a forklift.However there is a trade off , it is not the most comfortable creeper . As the entire surface is hard plastic and not ergonomic is tough on the body anly one small paded section for your head , and is not enough padding.If you constantly working in a rough area this is the tool for you .
 I purchased two of the Bone Rough Riders to use on rough surfaceand often over materials that fall out of construction andforestry equipment . This is the best creeper I have found.Today I watched a mechanic roll over a 1 1/4 combination wrenchand did n't have a wheel hang up , really amzing .
 We have a construction business and bought this for getting around under houses !!! If you have had to drag yourself around under a house you will quickly see what a great item this can be !! I highly recommend this item !
 This is great , goes anywhere , my husband and son both think its great . We have a part cement & dirt drive . The Rough Rider handles it very good . We 've had other creepers , that just ca n't move in dirt or over the cracks on cement . So far this one has handled everything pretty good . The way its designed , low , sure helps get that extra couple of inches to get under vechiles .
 I will say that I am surprised that such a well built product is being manufactured in the U.S. ! I figured with all the tax breaks to outsource everything , companies would be foolish to do that ... but I am glad to see that DAE is not worried about those types of things ! They appear to be more focused on building a relatively nice creeper ! This thing is comfortable , sturdy , easy to maneuver , and can roll over just about anything ! Required minor installation of the casters , but that became an activity that my four year old could do!My only complaint is that the `` neck padding '' is extremely hard and painful ! As the item is pictured on Amazon , it just looks like a soft rubber pad , but IT 'S NOT ! It is a very hard rubber bone design that becomes painful after about 5 seconds of resting my head or neck on it ! Basically , it is completely useless for what it was designed for ! The only options are to either flip the thing around and place a different pad on the blank end , or roll up a soft towel and hope it stays in place while you are working ! I mean for this amount of money this thing costs ... I almost expected the thing to lift me off the ground and stand me back up , but a decent neck pad would have sufficed!Minus one star for the neck rest disaster , other than that ... very nice !
 This thing is huge ! Not heavy , just really big.My partner is a big guy and I 've watched him struggle to shuffle under our 4x4 , so I researched creepers on the internet and got him this one for Christmas.Note to parents of small children
 This creeper is great , it rolls over sand , cracks in concrete , small stones & even a piece of 1/2 '' plywood with little effort . The same obstacles with my small wheeled creeper would have stopped it way before I get to the plywood , just about any BB size pebble stopped it where the Bone goes over stones this size without even noticing them . Only regret with this creeper is that I did n't get it sooner .
 This creeper is such an improvement over my last one that there is no comparison . I only work on truck however so I can not comment on the clearance issues other may experience . The wheels get stuck on tools like impact wrenches instead of tiny little pebbles . I bought this for use on my outdoor projects and it has proved extremely useful . The brochure that came with the creeper was a very pleasing read , all about manufacturing in the USA . Buy this !!!
 This is my second Rough Rider Creeper . The first one I received eight years ago as a birthday present . It was used everyday in a heavy equipment shop and stood up extremely well . We are adding this one because there are occasions when mechanics have to wait on the one creeper . Excellent product .
 I love this creeper . It is smooth moving around on the floor and very comfortable . LOVE IT !
 I am no light guy . This creeper is the best . It runs over air lines with no issue !
 So far I enjoy this product . It rolls easier than any creeper I ` veused . It almost rolls too easy and you have to be a little carefulgetting on or off of it as it could roll out from under you . Greatproduct and well worth the moneyJim L
 This is a High quality creeper that works on all types of work surfaces even gravel , pasture , grass it just is the best creeper you will ever work with or sleep on . A very proven product for me and hundreds of my customers as I sell these ! Thanks
 Order arrived quickly and in good shape . It rolls easly . The only disadvantage I see so far is that there is no way to hang it out of the way when not in use .
 everything i have purchased for my vehicles have been great - providing protection and lubrication
 I used to use the Zaino system on my car and after multiple coats it had a wet mirror finish that reflected clouds . But not everyone has a lot of time to care for their car . So I decided to try this cleaner wax . It is very easy to apply , easy to remove , produces a nice shine , cleans the paint a bit , and is priced amazing low . If you do n't have a lot of time to spend on your car , but you want it to look good , get this stuff . Get the car out of the heat of direct sunlight . Wash your car with dawn or some other dish soap -LRB- without the moisturizers for dry hands -RRB- really well and then dry it . The dawn will strip off the crap that is on your car . Then get a clay bar with some spray lubricant and clay the whole car . The clay bar removes tar , bird spray and other nastiness . Run it over those nasty areas until it picks up the nasties . The secret to having a car look good is removing ugly spots before applying wax . If you wax over sap or other stains in the paint , you are just locking them in and the wax is not going to cover that up . After you clay an area , wipe it down carefully . Make sure you do n't have any water spots before you apply the wax . If so , you may need to re-clay those areas to see if it will come up . Now if you have lots of swirl marks and holograms in your paint , you are going to have to polish it to remove those . In that case , I would n't even use this cleaner wax . I would step up to a nice orbital , some good polishing compounds , a sealant and then a wax . We are talking $ $ $ and a good 10 hours of labor . So if you 've got swirls , and you do n't have the money and time to properly do your car , just stick with this cleaner wax and the steps I 've provided and you will at least be protecting your car from further damage . Again , this stuff is great for people that want to protect their car and make it look good without spending tons of hours and money on products . So go ahead and wax once your surface is clean . Use a nice microfiber pad . Wet it with the lubricant from the clay bar just to keep it moist and then get some wax on it and start waxing . Do n't apply too much and work it onto the car . I left mine on for an hour or so and it was still really easy to take off . I would do the whole car and then remove the wax all at once . You want to use a microfiber towel to rub it off . You can finish up by wiping it down with one of those spray detailer bottles . Now that you are done , do n't use dawn on your car . Use car washing soap that is safe for waxes . Otherwise , you will strip the wax right off . Keeping the car inside and out of the rain and sun will make the wax last longer . If you get 3 months out of a waxing , you are lucky . You can tell when the wax is wearing off by how the water beads on the car . No beads = no wax . The car also feels less smooth as the wax comes off . You can reapply this wax every couple weeks if you want . But you should occasionally remove everything and reclay and start from scratch . Oh , and the most important thing to remember when washing/waxing your car is to always make sure you do n't have rocks or anything else that can scratch the paint in whatever towel/rag/sponge / pad you are using . If it gets dropped on the ground , it probably has a rock in it and you 'll end up scratching the paint instead of protecting your car .
 When I have time , I love to use this wax . It does take more time and effort than synthetic but its worth it . The shine and gloss just feels better -LRB- Might just be in my head -RRB- . Do one panel at a time , quickly before it dries out or hardens in sun.Great protective wax
 Best wax I have ever used . comes off extremely easy and leaves no swirl marks
 I use this wax for waxing the wheels on my cars and use a different wax for the car 's paint . The overall durability is pretty decent , and lasts at least a month . I ca n't say exactly how long , since I do n't go more than a month before cleaning my car . The result is that there is visibly less brake dust accumulated on the wheels.Applying this wax is easy . For buffing off , make sure you do n't leave the wax on for more than a few minutes . Otherwise , it hardens and requires noticeably more effort to buff off.The metal lid to the container requires a screw driver to pop open , as it 's wedged closed pretty tightly.There is a fairly strong , sickly sweet smell to the wax . I do n't find it repulsive , but others have commented that they found it somewhat offensive . As such , you might want to make sure you 're applying it in a well ventilated space!Overall , it 's tough to beat the effectiveness and usability of this paste wax for less than $ 10 !
 I have tried many of the top rated consumer magazine car products but have found this product to be the overall best value . Every car is unique on its own and each may need different types of paint/clearcoat protection . The best advice is to try several products that are rated highly on Amazon and then put them to the test on your own car . Sticking with the major brands or even the enthusiasts brands will ensure that you find one that suits your needs . I personally need something that hazes over easily yet does not require hours of buffing to remove wax streaks . Mother 's fits the bill .
 Mothers 05500 California Gold Carnauba Cleaner Wax Paste - 12 ozI HAVE A LOT OF BOTTLES AND CANS OF WAX AROUND THE GARAGE . After using this last weekend on my 69 I am tossing out all the other stuff and sticking to this product . My truck looks so sweet and silky smooth I am sold . *** DOES NOT COME WITH APPLICATOR PAD *** Buy with confidence.RagenRat
 I have used alot of paste waxes in the past but this one is the best for the following reasons . First is the price , alomost if not less than other major brands . 2nd is the quality of which I believe is the best on the market today . Third it produces a high quality gloss shine way above the other ones . The forth is with this paste wax lasts a long time just as advertised . Trust me you ca n't go wrong with this wax and I believe you will be fully satisfied .
 I 've used this wax for many years . It fairly labor intensive , especially if you let it dry too long . But it gives a good shine that lasts through many washings.The best part is that it smells like bubble gum !
 This is the best car wax ever ! Lasts a long time , weathers well . This is the only wax my family will use .
 I am a detaling nut and this wax over a top quality polish makes the car look loved !
 I have been using this cleaner/wax for about 20 years . I have tried many others , but I keep coming back to this over and over again . And it smells good too !!
 Before this , I was using a spray wax . This takes a bit longer unless you have a power ball but it does a better job . Excellent , like all of the Mothers products I have tried so far
 Have tried many different waxes on both modern and classic cars , both the old school rub-all-day types and the new-school spaceage polymers ... but I keep on coming back to Mothers Carnauba.Thoroughly clean each of our cars about once per month , and then they get a good detailed waxing at least once each year . I will wash them with a good car wash , use a clay bar to remove oxidation and then rebuild the deep shine with this wax.Mothers Carnauba really is easy to apply and a little goes a long way . I wax sections of about three square feet at one time , rubbing in a good layer , giving it a little time to bond , then hand buffing the residual off . The results looks great , but if I have a few extra minutes I 'll usually run an electric buffer -LRB- have a nice one from Craftsman -RRB- over the entire car to give it that totally gleaming car show style finish.One can of Mother Carnauba does go a long way , which makes it a really good product for the price . If looking for a good wax , this one is highly recommended .
 I have been using Mother 's California Gold Carnauba Wax for over 20 years . It 's easy to apply , and tends to spread out nicely , so when it dries there usually is n't a thick layer with a lot of clumps , that needs to be removed . Dried wax buildup happens in some areas , but it is n't as big of an issue as with some other brands.A can of wax usually lasts a really long time . Of course buffing is the part that involves the most work , and while it still takes a little effort , it 's not that huge of a chore with this product . Very little dust is generated , and you get a nice shine that holds up reasonably well even under high UV exposure.Perhaps there is slightly less in the can now , or maybe the formula changed , but a can cost about $ 10 way back then , and it 's still about the same price now . Although I mostly prefer to use liquid or spray on type wax products , there are still times when I want to use paste wax , and this is the stuff I go with . It does the job , does n't require that much muscle , and also has a really nice smell . Try it , you 'll like it .
 I have used Turtle Wax for many years ... and the quality has gone downhill . I picked up some Mother 's 5500 ... and all I can say is WOW!The shine is amazing . It has a smooth feel . Applies easily and comes off just as easy .
 I 've been using this wax for several years and have always been impressed with the ease of use both applying and removing . The finish is the best I 've seen and lasts longer than any other I have tried .
 OK , on my 2004 Tundra I used 3M 39008 Headlight Lens Restoration System . Then I used the Mothers 07240 California Gold Clay Bar System . I finished my restoration with this Wax . Amazing results.Really made my '04 black truck look better than I picked her up at the dealership .
 What a shine . Easy on , easy off . I use an inexpensive orbital buffer . In fact , so inexpensive , I bought 2 so I apply with one and wipe off with the other buffer . This wax makes cars shine like few others will . You simply can not go wrong with it .
 Worked great . Never used a wax paste before , bought it because I needed to cover some paint scratches , saw recomendations on Amazon and very happy with product .
 What product that I needed at the the right price point . No issues at all with this order . Great experiance .
 I would have given this 5 stars , except that the company dediced to attach a large carboard label / advertisement to the mats and the two mat ends came stapled together with a HUGE Heavy-Duty Staple . I was very very careful to try to remove it without making the holes larger , but the staple still wiggled around and tore the staple holes larger.It should not have ANY holes in it when purchased.Other than the stapled ends on arrival , this mat is excellent quality and I am very happy with it.I am using it to go over the Husky Rear FLoor Liners for my MiniVan , as there is not enough traction and way to hold dirt in place with the regular Husky Liners , so this runner works PERFECTLY and does not slide around and is a perfect match in color .
 Nice floor mat ... hold dirt & slushy watery snow debris . A little thinner plastic than I expected . Alittle long - just needed trimmed -LRB- which I have not done . ... Alittle narrow for the equinox I put it in because the equinox 's back seat can slide forward & back .
 I am a cheapskate when it comes to spending money on car mats , so imagine how please I was when this was affordable AND fit perfectly into the second row of my Mazda MPV ! The sloppy winter slush and food crumbs are all contained on this mat , rather than messing up the carpet .
 GREAT in my mini van . Durable enough to last wear and tear from three toddlers and protection from food and mud/snow .
 I was looking for this kind of item everywhere but could n't find it only here ... Just perfect and fit very nicly in my van .
 Use in in the trunk of my suv.Simple , effective.Stays in placeRecommended.length can be trimmed to an extent . .
 A very good and sturdy product for your vehicle . They are durable , reliable and easy to clean . I redcommend these especially for church vans .
 Perfect for my 2012 Equinox back seat . It keeps the floor mats clean , grabs the crumbs from my son 's snacks . Easy to pull out , shake off , and put back .
 Its strong and heavy so you dont need to worry that it will move or tear.The coverage is great for my Toyota Highlander in the back floor . Smaller mats would go under the seat with peoples feet pushing on it . This is a runner so it stay put .
 Great product . looks good and keeps things from slipping in the cargo area of my Armada . 5 stars all the way
 These mats help to protect the second and third seats where most of the kids sit and bring all their stuff . Durable and substantial . Great value for the price . Not available in most stores .
 I put thison the floor in the back seat area of my 99 Jeep Cherokee . It fits great . I did n't have to do any cutting . Nice clean look.Geep
 The runner works great . I could n't find them anywhere locally and there was only one model for sale on Amazon . I bought 3 for my Toyota Sequoia ; one for the middle row , one for the 3rd row , and one for the cargo area . The precut lines on the outer edges make it easy to place the mat in the shorter 3rd row . It 's a little narrow for the cargo area , but I ca n't complain because I opted to avoid the custom cargo liner that would have cost 4 or 5 times more.Shipping was strange ; they came in 3 separate , oversized , beat-up boxes , with lots of packing peanuts , and one of the boxes was two weeks late . I was n't concerned at all with the condition of the boxes considering they 're tough floor mats , but I would think it would be cheaper for them to send them all in the same box .
 This is an excellent floor mat for the backseats of minivans ; especially with hauling kids around for sports and a multitude of activities . Raised edges keep dirt , mud , and spills in place . Substantial . Durable .
 I recently purchased a 2005 Toyota Sienna and wanted to protect the carpets . I promptly ordered the universal mat and am so excited - it fits perfectly down the center aisle between the second row seats with a tiny notch cut out at one end . Plus it fits perfectly across the 2nd row , and fits across the third row with only a triangular-cutout at either end . I am ordering two more mats rather than purchasing `` custom '' floor covers . I 'll update my review if the mat does n't perform well long-term . Update , about one week later
 Got this for 2008 Honda Odyssey third row . It fits after cutting off the edges . The color is not a good match for the stock interior . I 'm not sure if I had it to do over again that I would n't buy a black mat instead . But I 'll probably end up spending the extra money and buy the custom rubber mats from Honda so they 'll be a perfect match and fit . You definitely get what you pay for when it comes to custom fit and color.If you do n't care about custom fit and color then this mat will work great ... it 's very durable , the price is low , and there are multiple guides for cutting it to fit anything from a full size Chevy down to a minivan .
 I put the mats in the floors of the 2nd and 3rd row seats of my Ford Expedition EL . They covered the floors well and look sturdy and durable .
 Ordered these with the Kraco R2102TAN Tan Rubber Truck & SUV Mat Set - 2 Piece.I 'm happy with these . They were easy to custom fit our compact SUV -- just need a good pair of scissors and a sharpie . But at the same token , they are not too thin and I expect quite a few years out of these .
 Good quality product . Stays in place and catches debris , dirt , and other particles . Great all-season product . No smell of rubber !
 Very good quality ! Looks great & keeps any debris from going on my carpets . I love the fact that I could cut to fit . Very happy with purchase !
 it was hard to find a mat that would work in our truck this mat was just what I was looking for !! would recommend it to others !!
 I had a pair of these floor mats for eight years and they were still flexible and completely intact . I needed another pair for my wife 's car and was happy to see that the Kraco mats were the same as the ones I already had . They are heavy , pliable and fit well . Add in the low price and free shipping and you have a real bargain .
 great book . loads of information on repairs
 This is the best carpet cleaner that I have ever used . It has removed every stain that I 've ever used it on . I have used it on both fabric and carpet in the house and in the car . I wish more retailers carried the stuff , because I 'm finding it more and more difficult to get .
 this carpet cleaner makes wonders ! just spray it over , let it sit for a couple of minutes , and rub it with terry towel , after it dries off , vacuum and it makes your carpets look like new . Probably the best carpet cleaner i 've ever used .
 My engine was going to reduced power and giving me a service engine soon light . The code it gave me was P1221 . Thats a throttle body or throttle position sensor code . The guy at Aamco told me it could be the wiring that was connecting to the throttle body , but if a wire is broken its pretty obvious . He said he 'd need about 3 to 4 hours to diagnose it . No thanks . I bought this part - ACDelco 24507244 Throttle Body Assembly - and was a little worried about whether or not it would come with the sensor I needed and the Mass Airflow Sensor and stuff , but it was all there . It does not come with a gasket though , so do n't forget to pick one of those up as well . I called the Pontiac dealer and they wanted over $ 700 . for the same part . Again , no thanks . I ordered the part and got it shipped the next day . Everything was there , except for a plastic clip that holds two wires out of the way , I just pulled the old clip off of the other part . It fit my car perfectly . I have a base model '99 Pontiac Firebird 6 cyl . No problems . Installing it was pretty simple also . Took me about a half hour . If you need a replacement throttle body , this one works .
 The OSV cover gasket was a perfect fit . no struggling to make it work . it is a difficult job to replace the OSV cover so it is nice that the gasket fit and didn ' cause any extra problems
 Works as described . I always use the Loctite brand and have never had any issues . Mostly used for RC helicopters so product failure is generally not pleasant .
 I 've used this product for bicycle building , specifically for Campagnolo cups . If you follow directions , theys ask you to use this stuff . And it works great . Small bottle has seen me through four bike builds so far , and still have some left . Hard to find in stores , so buy it here !
 todo muy bien embalaje , envio y a tiempo para regalar en estas fiestas decembrinas 10 % recomendado gracias por todo un abrazo
 As a detailer I 've tried them all . This is my favorite . For starters , it 's Carnauba . Nothing shines better than Carnauba period . Why this product with Carnauba ? No dust , wipes off non painted surfaces easily , easy on , easy off , smells real nice , last long , price is right , does n't haze . I repeat . . DOES NOT HAZE OR STREAK when done which is perfect for Black . Enough said for cars . For boats ... All Gel coats fade at some point and will need to be buffed and waxed regularly . The red Gel Coat on my boat will shine for about 4 months before showing signs of fading with this Mothers California Gold . Everything else I tried will allow fading between 1 to 3 months . Klasse was the only product to make the 3 months but was harder to remove and cost more . I recommend this product.TIP
 This is my favorite wax to use on all my vehicles from new to old , cars to motorcycles . It outperforms any other wax I have ever used . Usually I use the paste form but it really does n't matter.Simply wash and dry your vehicle first . Next apply the wax with an applicator pad , towel , or rag . Buff it off with a clean dry soft towel . When finished buff again with a clean dry towel and step back and be ready to crack a smile.I highly , highly recommend this product to anyone who wishes to give their car that `` fresh off the lot look ''
 This product is exactly what it says ... a cleaner wax application . In other words , it is an interim product between a rubbing compound -LRB- much harsher , more abrasive -RRB- and pure carnauba wax . This application is designed to remove mild scuffing and oxidation that occurs in harsh evironments , particularly in the Southeast where there is very strong UV exposure . As with all waxes , a through cleaning and brushing and removal of bug and tar deposits is a predicate to using this product . Once done you will have a shine on the vehicle , not quite as bright and shiny as that attained with Mother 's Pure Carnauba Wax , but a shine nonetheless and if the surface is kept clean you will have a base for the Pure Carnauba Wax application . I recommend this product for its targeted application of removing slight oxidation and restoring a paint finish to like-new condition , which it did .
 Performs neither better nor worse than any other liquid cleaner/wax I 've used , but this one does n't smell like petroleum -- actually , it smells like Juicy Fruit gum , which is weird but tolerable -- so you do n't end up breathing fumes while you use it . More to the point , it works well on fiberglass and laminate counters , sinks and bathtubs , WITHOUT making your home smell like an oil refinery in Secaucus . For that reason , it gets my vote .
 This stuff is the best liquid polish I have ever used , comparable to expensive paste waxes . It 's remarkably easy to use , I 'm glad I found another source for this stuff since I was running out .
 I ca n't get too excited about wax but this stuff works fine , easy to apply and gives a nice finish .
 This is my go to product , I own my own auto detailing business and 80 % of my customers receive this product . The only ones that do not are the people 's paints that are in bad starting condition , in that case I use Meguiars D151 .
 Better than expected . Would reccomnd to anyone who is serious about car detailing or just cleaning either way . Just wonderful
 After purchasing a 2012 black Ford Focus this summer , I wanted to keep my car looking great with a showroom finish ! After reading several favorable reviews regarding this product , I bought it and some other Mothers California Gold car products.This wax glides on and is easily rubbed out to a brillant shine . I have also read that this wax will help protect the paint on my car from the weather , which will be a big help when winter comes around . I love the way the water beads up on the car when it does rain . This wax is supposed to last for up to 3 months . My son washed and waxed my car the other day and it looks like it was just driven from the showroom !
 This wax is awesome . It goes on and comes off very easy . Leaves no film and gives a good shine that lasts .
 It 's EASY ON EASY OFF with the MOTHERS cleaner wax.WALMART discontinued it . Too bad.Great for AMAZON sellers !
 I purchased a 4 1/2 year old black focus that looked like it was never garaged or cleaned . After bringing it to the car wash I waxed it with this cleaner/wax because I wanted to remove oxidized paint . It worked well but did not remove the very tiny pits on the hood and roof nor did it leave black residue on the cloth -LRB- I assume the focus has a clear coat -RRB- . It was easy to apply and remove and did not leave white reside in the gaps between panels . Also worked well to remove the oxidized paint on the wipers and cleaned the plastic over the head lights well . I will change my review to 5 stars if it lasts for 6 months . I would purchase this product again .
 I detailed my mom and dad 's car with this product , and it saves me time , without cluttering the polish and wax . It has detergent resistant , which I think it lasts through car washes . It has a pleasant fruity smell in it w/out harsh fumes . I think it 's a great product and I would like to purchase this again , once it 's all gone .
 This is the best Wax for the money on the market . I have tried it on several different colored cars all with outstanding results . White cars look so good , red cars get outstanding results from this wax , and blue colored cars come out great . Buy it and you will be a big fan too ! Very easy to use ! Try it , you will Love the results .
 A friend gave me a bottle of it , I used it and was very pleased . I ordered several bottles of the product and was told , after I had not received in quite a while , that the company was out of the product and they could not tell me where I could purchase it .
 Very easy to apply , I polished a 2009 honda minivan in 35 minutes . Polish lasts about 3-4 weeks . Not very long but so what -- Takes longer to wash and dry then to polish !
 I would give this product a 10 star rating !!!!!!! I do n't use anything else on my Mercedes and it is six years old and it looks as good as the day that I purchased it . This is by far the best product on the market for keeping your auto in show room condition and it is so effortless to apply . I can do my entire car in 15 minutes . The mirror shine looks like you 've spent hours polishing .
 I LOVE IT VERY MUCH AND IT SHINES LIKE A SHOW ROOM CAR . . MY CAR IS A 1993 SATURN ... SO YOU CAN IMAGINE !!!! SINCERELY , C.A.
 Ran across this at a big box store , and figured I 'd buy it just to get the motorized sprayer -LRB- planned on using the sprayer for tire dressing-carpal tunnel donchaknow ? -RRB- . Was so impressed with the wax I went back and bought the few bottles left on the shelf , but I do n't know if the sprayer 's going to work for tire dressing as I had originally planned-may not be enough of a `` mist '' for that?Think I 've tried ` bout every type of spray wax out there and the Simonize works as well if not better than the others I 've tried , as well as being as economical -LRB- twice the price , but 32oz vs. 16 oz for all the spray waxes I 've bought -RRB- . Some I 've tried/have on the shelf : Black Magic Spray Detailer -LRB- one of my favorites , plus a great fragrance -RRB- Meguiar 's Ultimate Quick DetailerMeguiar 's Quick Detailer Spray & WipeEagle 1 Nano WaxEagle 1 Wipe & ShineEagle 1 Wax as U Dry -LRB- think Consumer Reports liked this -RRB- Kawasaki Spray Polish -LRB- can-good when more cleaning desired -RRB- Kawasaki Wipe Down -LRB- can-good when more cleaning desired -RRB- I do n't know that one can expect any spray wax to last but so long , but since they 're so easy/fast to use , they do n't have to.This stuff beads water extremely well -LRB- I also use it on my windows , particularly the windshield -RRB- and I often use it for a quick touch-up instead of having to wash a vehicle . I think the spray waxes work better on windshields than Rain X windshield treatments -LRB- as well as being easier to apply -RRB- , and at highway speeds I often do n't have to use my wipers.I 've only used this on vehicles with good/new paint -LRB- white , silver , dark blue -RRB- so I ca n't tell ya what to expect from older paint jobs . I did n't notice any streaking on my darker vehicle.Came close to giving it 5 stars , but since there 's always room for improvement ... If it lasts longer than others I 've tried , I may have to up my rating to 5 stars .
 I love simoniz Liquid Diamond Motorized Spray ! It is an excellent product ! I am using this in my sinks/showers which protects the finish and makes it so EASY to keep clean !!! Unfortunately , when my polish was shipped , the bottles leaked as they were not turned to off .
 I do n't get too impressed about anything any more , but this stuff impressed me . It was by far the easiest wax that I 've ever used . Just spray it on , wipe it on and let it dry , then go back and wipe it off . Make sure that you use the type of cloth that they recommend . I had the hole car waxed in 10 to 12 minutes . It looks and feels like if you had just hand waxed it with a hard to use paste wax . My car is 3 years old and I 've kept it up so I do n't know how well this wax will work on a car that has not been waxed or that is faded . And this is the first time that I 've used it so I do n't know how well it will hold up over time . But even if I have to wax it more often , it sure makes the job a lot easer . If you do n't have the time or energy to wax your car with the harder to use waxes , then try this stuff , I think that you 'll be impressed too .
 This product does everything the infomercials say . I highly recommend it as well as the Flash Black tire dressing and the Simoniz soap mitts .
 I first bought this product at Kragen 's and was very impressed with it . After I ran out I could n't find any more at Kragens so I decided to order some . This is a good polish which is easy to apply and looks good .
 Great product easy on and off Great shine that seems to hold up after several rains
 Needless to say I was skeptical when I read the hype for this product , but thought a few more dollars in the quest for a good , easy wax was worth the risk . What a pleasant surprise . I used this on a 10 year old accord . It 's the easiest wax you 'll ever use and the shine is amazing . I used it a couple of months ago and still marvel at the shine . This is one product where there is actually some truth to the hype .
 Product has unique formula to outshine most normal wax solutions . New designed bottle has easy , fast , and simple way of applying wax . A true Diamond Showman Shine . You 'll be so amazed on the shine . `` You 'll hide the bottle from others . '' Every one wishes to shine better than the rest . This product will do it for you !!
 Polish a car in 5 minutes . WOW . I 've used on several cars now , and I ca n't believe how easy it is to use . The real test is how long it lasts . It says it will last for months . We will see . It 's so easy to use , that for my two good cars , I 'll probably use it almost every time I wash them anyway . My old truck will be the true test of how long it lasts . Even that looks good .
 Other products by Turtle Wax , Eagle , and Maguires pale in comparison to Liquid Diamond by Simoniz . We 've tried them all but will never again use another product.My husband and I will only use Simoniz Liquid Diamond since it cleans every vehicle surface including body , bumper , chrome , and interior . Liquid Diamond rids vehicles of bug guts , spots , dirt , grime , and road tar effortlessly . The finish is streak free in one swipe ; no need to clean and wipe down again to remove streak marks , just one pass produces unparallelled levels of luster . The ONLY thing this product WONT do is clean windows.We use this product on our car , our truck and our motorcycles . Looks like we toil for hours , but it really only takes a few minutes to produce stellar results.Buy Some - you will not be disappointed !
 It almost lives up to the hype with a few drawbacks . First , the battery-powered sprayer arrived with dead batteries and once I installed new ones the spray was a bit less powerful than needed . I used it on a badly oxidized Toyota 4-Runner . Using it straight without any prep to the surface produced an expected dull but smooth finish . Then I used a rubbing compound and applied the liquid diamond finish and it brought it back to near new condition . My overall impression is that this is a great product if used as a finishing glaze . It is easy to apply with the somewhat gimmicky applicator and requires little , if any , buffing . I do n't know how well it holds up over time but the Zymol I was using only held up for about 3 months and required some work to apply and buff off .
 I used this on my very faded Corolla , and it had water beads the next rain ! It was so easy to put on that I did n't think it could be working , but it brought shine to a car that had n't been waxed in years !
 I have use Liquid Diamond just one time . The battery opporated sprayer works good , but a regular spray would work just as well ... novelty effect I suppose . The liquid goes on a bit runny ... like water with a white coloration . It takes quite a lot of product to cover the whole car , but looks really nice when done and water beads up during rain nicely . I put some on the windows and it worked very well . Even the windshield wipers worked better.Liquid Diamond works much better than Turtle Wax Ice at shining everything up , but the Turtle Wax goes a lot farther and works better on the plastic areas ... trim , bumpers . Do not use Turtle Wax Ice on widows ... leaves a slightly gummy texture that attract dust and dirt -LRB- and also attracts dust and dirt on the painted surfaces too ... need to wash the car a lot to get dirt off -RRB- . I recommend using the Liquid Diamond on painted surfaces and the Turtle Wax on the plastic surfaces . Both are very nice at leaving no white residue , which is very important for me , because I own a black car . I hope you find this helpful .
 I really only use Carnauba Wax on my vehicle , but this is great to use between waxings . I especially like it in the winter , when you ca n't wax , and you want to add a little paint protection . This holds up well for about 3 weeks of water beading up on the finish . I get comments about my vehicles appearance all the time , especially after I use this stuff . I highly recommend it , and I 'll tell you I am really fussy about my '03 black Explorer .
 I HAVE OVER THE YEARS USED ALMOST EVERY POLISH , WAX , AND TREATMENT ON THEMARKET . MOST ARE GOOD , BUT DO N'T LAST LONG . OR THEY ARE HARD TO PUT ONAND COME OFF IN A SHORT TIME.I HAVE USED THIS PRODUCT MANY TIMES AND I LIKE IT BETTER EVERYTIME I USEIT . FIRST , IT IS THE EASIEST POLISH I HAVE EVER USED . SECOND , IT WILLLAST AFTER MANY RAINS , AND WASHINGS . THIRD , IT GIVES A VERY DEEP ANDLASTING SHINE.THIS IS THE ONLY POLISH I USE NOW ! IT IS WELL WORTH TRYING . I THINK MOSTPEOPLE WHO DO TRY IT WILL REALLY BE SURPRISED AT HOW GREAT THIS PRODUCT IS .
 What can I say but , IT WORKS ! I have a '93 Honda . My neighbor said it looks like a different Car . It shines , the water still beads and its been 3 weeks since I plished it .
 I have been using this motorized liquid polish for approximately 8 months now . No complaints ; works as per advertisement . In fact I like it so much that I purchased a bottle for a friend and he too is now hooked on it . I also like the car wash and tire polish . Now , all that I use is these products produced by Simoniz
 Used this product for 69 Camaro to keep paint finish smooth and shiny . I use California car duster , and then this to keep car clean . Do not wash car that often , and this works great at car shows . Lots of collectors use this type of product rather than repeated soap & water washes .
 This product works as advertised . I like the motorized sprayer and I think because of it you will use less product and it a bottle will last longer . The polish is very good it goes on easy wipes off easy and shines like new . It also cleans just about anything that is not removed when the car was washed . I like a clear polish product because it never leaves a white mark in hard to reach places . I used it on everything , paint , glass , rubber and plastic surfaces and it works well on all of these . If you have really bad surfaces you may want to clean it with clay first then use this polish for the best shine . Quick wax in 10 minutes !!
 This product works as advertised . I like the motorized sprayer and I think because of it you will use less product and it a bottle will last longer . The polish is very good it goes on easy wipes off easy and shines like new . It also cleans just about anything that is not removed when the car was washed . I like a clear polish product because it never leaves a white mark in hard to reach places . I used it on everything , paint , glass , rubber and plastic surfaces and it works well on all of these . If you have really bad surfaces you may want to clean it with clay first then use this polish for the best shine .
 I bought this to replace the PCV valve on my Mitsubishi 3000 . The original one was not working which caused oil to leak from the oil cap and dipstick . I replaced the original one wih this one and it stopped leaking .
 These worked great on my 1997 ford explorer . No issues easy to install . Nice price , you can not go wrong with Wanger brakes .
 Mothers 06108 Back-to-Black Trim Care - 8 oz Mothers 06108 Back-to-Black Trim Care - 8 oz Mothers 06108 Back-to-Black Trim Care - 8 oz
 I am very happy with the results , my car looks brand new again !! must buy this product !
 This is the best product for the external vinyl parts on my Land Rover that I have found . Just remember you must go back and buff the area after you are finished .
 I used this in place of Armorall wipes one day to discover it did a better job and lasted way longer . This will turn anything that you have black -LRB- black plastic , rubber , leather , etc -RRB- that it is safe to use on , back to the original color . The only down side that I have noticed is that it will come off when wet . Otherwise , it looks great and does n't seem to be affected by the sun , at least , not that I can tell .
 Works great , It restored the black trim on a 2007 Fj Cruiser really well . But it did n't last long . After a couple of weeks it looked like it did before .
 This product will help make your plastic shine like new ! Use a liberal amount . Also , keep in mind that , like any other plastic conditioner , you will likely need to apply this every month or so to keep your plastic and vinyl trim looking tip top .
 Never had a vehicle with a lot of black trim before my Ranger . Found this stuff in my local retail store and since 2007 I have , every couple of weeks , used this to keep my black trim looking good . I just feel better driving a clean vehicle . This stuff does n't last forever but its not meant to be permanent either . I for one like the performance of this product . Yep , I do see a couple streaks after a few weeks of sun and rain but nothing that would make me want to use anything else . The last time I used this it had been a few month 's and my blacks were grey . It took two applications , I used a clean shop rag and did not do any buffing , and my bumpers and trim looked like they were new again . Two weeks now of sun , rain , and the horrible road I have to drive down to get to work . It 's called Dean Forest in Savannah Ga and its filled with , dump trucks , Big Rigs , and other large vehicles . Keeping a vehicle clean in these conditions is tough . Back to black stands up to this , sun and rain quite well for weeks . I have no complaints .
 Although this product says use a generous amount of product to make plastic back to black that is simply not true as this product is so good that even a little solution will make plastic on your car go back to black . This product is a must !
 I 've tried every blackening product out there , Black-Magic , Armor All , Meguiar 's , and even my own concoction and none work as well as this . Not only that , it lasts about 3-4 weeks outside in the weather , which I find amazing.Also it seems like the more you use it , the better it looks and the longer it stays black . Plus it has a pleasant smell , which is always nice.The only complaint I have is that it is a bit runny , which can make applying it a bit hard , but it 's still worth every cent.A must have for anyone with black trim/molding !
 I purchased this product for faded gray trim on an '05 Wrangler . I am happy to say that back to black successfully restored the color of my fender flares to `` like new '' condition . Best of all , it stayed that way for several weeks , despite lots of bad weather.The folks on here that complain of `` streaking '' or the results not lasting , must not be following the directions properly . The product must be MASSAGED WELL into the trim/moulding , allowed to dry , than buffed with a soft cloth or microfiber towel . If these simple directions are followed , the product does not streak when it gets wet , and the results LAST!Simply wiping it on like Armor-All and letting it sit will not work properly.I highly recommend this high quality product . Just make sure you follow the DIRECTIONS !!
 I own a '99 Dodge Ram that I am in the process of fixing up . After being discouraged at the cost of how much it would be to simply replace the assorted plasctic trim on the truck , I started lookinf gor other options.I happened to stumble across this item at a local Auto Zone . I decided that I would give it a try , since it was only like 5 or 6 dollars . I can honestly say , I really didn ; t expect it to do too much . Wow , was I wrong ! Immediately after I purchased this product , I went to a local car wash to give a try . When I first started rubbing it in , my dull , tired , gray looking plastic immediately returned to a factory-like , brand-new appearance.At first I thought this was just a `` wet-effect '' , and that soon after it dried , it would return back to its normal , worn , gray-look . Two weeks later and it still look like I just put it on yesterday!I completely recommend this product to anyone looking to restore the plastic on their vehicle to a brand-new look !
 The instructions are very simple . You must liberally apply it massaging it thoroughly into the surface . Allow it to dry and then thoroughly buff with a clean cloth . I actually used a no scratch scour pad to put it on my abs plastic louver being it was a mildly rough surface . Allowed it to dry , then buffed it with a regular cloth and then followed with a microfiber cloth . 4 days later it rained and the product did NOT come off . The rain beaded up on the louver . So , properly applied rain will not wash it off . When applied it is shiny so it looks like a job done but you must proceed with the buffing process or it will probably wash off or streak and drip at the first rain . Properly applied this does not happen . For larger areas like a louver or a roof it is a chore but if you do it right the first time it is well worth it .
 I thought that the product would be thicker but it goes on smooth and last for a long time just rember to buff it out with a clean cloth or when it rain it will streek .
 Mothers back to black is an amazing product . SUPER easy to use no mess cleanup and it can turn any trim -LRB- especially black -RRB- into a deep glossy finish that lasts for weeks ! would never dream of trying another product
 Back-to-Black has restored more trash to show piece than any other product of its ' kind , I highly recommend it for any plastic or vinyl .
 This is a maintenance product , not a restoration product . It is a cream consistency , much like hair conditioner . If used after every weekly wash , it will keep the plastic and rubber trim looking brand new . However , this does not restore plastic/rubber trim that has already been ` worn ' by the sun and exposure . For that type of restoration , use a DYE like forever black.I also used this to `` detail '' my child 's stroller which has lots of plastic plastic parts that get a bit scuffed . Baby 's ride looks brand new , too ! : -RRB-
 I drive an older SUV that has a lot of plastic on the outside . The plastic trim had lost it 's color and looked sun damaged and pretty terrible . At first , `` back to black '' did n't sound like what I needed , since the plastic I needed to treat was grey , not black . But , I read about this stuff on another website , and it can be used for all sorts of plastics/vinyls etc. , not just black color . Anyway , this stuff really works . My car is looking much better now . I did the first coat and it is looking very good . I 'll follow up with another coat soon , and hopefully it will look even better !
 I 'll start with the fact that I used this on my 2012 Hyundai Elantra . -LRB- Yes , 2012 . -RRB- My car is permanently parked outside , and I needed something to help protect the trim a bit.Of note : We had a few spots where our car wax got on our trim a few months prior . As much as we tried , we could n't get that old wax completely out of the trim . -LRB- I know , be more careful next time , but we still needed a solution . -RRB- It worked like a charm.We already had a couple of spots on the trim that were lightening up a bit . Worked like a charm.We needed something that we can reapply over the years -LRB- as the instructions indicate , you have to keep using it -RRB- , and we expect this will work.It 's car care , folks , not a miracle . You ca n't treat your car like crap for a decade and then expect some $ 10 product to make your car look like new after 20 minutes of applying . CARE for your car now with these products , and though it still wo n't look like new in a decade -LRB- that 's life -RRB- , it will look massively better.I think this is a great product if you use as designed and are into protecting your car from the get-go . We 've detailed the car 3 times now , this was the first time we used Back to Black and this time was the time the car looked the best . Beautiful job . This product will stay in a car-care arsenal for our quarterly details .
 WoW . This product is great . I have an older vehicle that has the plastic trim . Other products make it greasy , and a dust magnet . This product does what it says , to brings it back to black . Great product .
 The black trim along the windows of my 2006 Dodge Magnum had turned more of a dark grey color , with whatlooked liked water spots all over . I considered painting them with one of the black rubberized spray paints , but just the thought of the work involved left me cold . I rolled the dice and bought this product . Well itworks great ! I used two coats , and with the second coat the black rubber looks showroom new . I thought itwas like an Armor All wipe on grease product . No . It drys permanent . Deep , rich , and a great shine . I mayhave to apply again as time goes by , but so what . It simply wipes on and you rub it in . Great stuff .
 I have an 2003 year car that have grey colored plastic bumpers that had become almost chalky white from the elements . Co-worker had recommeded that I buy this and he was sure it would restore the bumpers to like new . `` Mothers back to black '' is amazing my car bumpers now looks like they did when I puchased the car new back in 2003 . I now have my shiny dark grey plastic bumpers back , my neighbor thought I had them replaced in fact .
 This stuff works fantastic . I have a lot of black bumpers on my car , and after applying this the car really looks like new . It makes a bigger difference than I expected . You do need to reapply it every few months or so to keep the effect going .
 Did wonders for my grey panels on my Honda Element . Brought them back to new . And no streaking after wet weather .
 After searching a forum by others who experienced fading on their plastic cladding -LRB- siding -RRB- as I did , I came across several rave reviews for Back to Black . After I found out it can be used on all colors , I tried it out . Other people on the forum mentioned that Armorall -LRB- which I had used frequently -RRB- actually `` burns '' your plastic instead of protecting it . It appears a lot of people have made the same mistake as me . Before I knew this I had noticed that one side of my car seemed to be fading faster than the other , so I put a lot more Armorall on that side . Big mistake . Now there is a definite difference on one side of the car . I started using Mothers on the least faded side and did n't notice that much difference , but once I got around to the really faded side I was ecstatic . It took it from a dull pale grey to a deep shiny grey -LRB- as it had originally been -RRB- . It only took one coat and even eliminated a lot of the stripping on one side were the gas station had dripped gas down the side . Both sides of the car are now the same color.Back to Black is actually a thin white liquid . It goes on easy and with not all that much elbow grease . I did my entire car and it looks brand new even though it 's 8 years old . Follow the directions closely and make sure to refer to Mother 's website forum if you have problems .
 I highly recommend this product for use on any black plastic or rubber trim on a vehicle . I specifically use it on a Toyota Tacoma on the fender flares , around the front and rear bumpers and mud flaps.Simply clean the area you want to treat , shake the bottle up and apply with a rag rubbing it into the area you wish to treat . Old , oxidized plastic may require a little more effort but the payoff is HUGE!If you like this product I suggest you also give the Mother 's Carnuba Cleaner Wax a try . You will not be disappointed !
 I found this product easy to use and the results were good . This product is not tinted black , so it may not work on all the areas you need to improve .
 I bought this at the local auto parts store to deal with the oxidation/graying on black plastic trim parts on my pickup . I have had very good luck with other Mothers ' products and this is why I purchased it . I have had limited success in the past with other brands of black polishes so was not expecting anything out of the ordinary with this application . Best results are obtained by reading the instructions carefully and following them
 This was recommended by members of the Chevorlet Avalanche club to renew the plactic trim where is was faded . It was easy to apply and did not require any buffing . Use it instead of Aromral .
 This product works very well . Used on my 2004 Bmw . Easy application . No rubbing , simple pour on applicator and apply once ! . Also I have hand washed and it has rained many times , and I have n't noticed any fading.Other reviewers may not have properly applied it or used on wrong type of surface , becuase this thing has worked beyond expectation for me !
 I used this on the vinyl and plastic in my '89 Caprice and it did an exceptional job . I previously used Armor All until I tried this product . This does n't haze the windows up as bad as the Armor All and each application appears to protect for a longer time as compared to Armor All.I will definitely buy this product again and I suggest that you try it .
 If you are restoring a 35 years old BMW classic you need only the best and this -LRB- as all Mothers products I have used so far - and they are many -RRB- is among if not the best.Several applications -LRB- every week -RRB- during the first 3 months have restored all rubber to its new like condition and this brings not only a better look but also brings back the purpose of seals all over the car . From noise reduction to air tightness to better working AC and well , many other advantages.Believe me , I do n't own the company !
 I use this on my Chevy Avalanche which has a lot of plastic trimming . I prefer using this over Armour-All as this one does not attract as much dust as other products do . It is runny like the other person posted , but use a sponge appropriate for your vehicle . It works and lasts longer than armour-all . i would recommend
 I almost gave up trying to restore my trim until I found this on message board . Wow is all I can say . Trim is nice an shiny now . Not only does it shines but it also protects and cleans the trim . No more faded black color and it lasts for a few weeks ! I must admit I was a little skeptical at first . One gripe its very very liquidy so it runs all over if u put on too much . Would be nice if it was a little thick .
 I bought two more bottles of this and gave the remnants of the first to my neighbor to try . Turned oxidized `` gray '' back to black . I did n't need to buff on coarse surfaces - only on smooth rubber surfaces . Highly recommended . It is a little `` greasy '' so avoid getting onto painted surface - simply wipe clean if you do .
 If you can imagine any vehicle that has the most black plastic on it , it would probably be the Chevy Avalanche . I used this on the 2005 Avalanche in Oct. 2012 . The black plastic , which is a rough plastic , does n't appear to have a very smooth-glossy-sealed appearance . The plastic over the truck bed was really fading , chalky looking , terrible shape from the Wisconsin winters and being parked outside year round . I used about 1 bottle of this stuff and IT LOOKS BRAND NEW . It 's been about a month and a half . Lots of rain . Two car washes and still looks just as good as it did when I applied it . Instructions say wipe on , let dry then wipe off . I just put it on a clean rag , applied till it was gone and let it dry out of the sun . Never had to wipe anything off and there were no side effects . Not sure if wiping it off afterwards helps the application or removes it ? Wish I would 've learned about this product years ago . I believe if you apply it once a year , you 'll always have perfect looking black plastic on your vehicle .
 This product does what it says black is back to its normal black , the seller gives excellent service . It is so easy to apply and gives very good results .
 I 've used this stuff for years . I used it for over ten years on my Tacoma and now on my Titan . It definitely works . Keeps the black plastic stuff on your vehicle ... well , black . It looks great when you first use it and over the course of time and multiple applications , it really does ` bring it back . ' Great stuff !
 The entire Mother 's Line of products are fantastic !! This back to black works on EVERYTHING black . Outside trim , tires , inside trim , even brings the car mouldings -LRB- rubber -RRB- back to life ! The product ... FANTASTIC !! The vendor I used to purchase it , ACE HARDEWARE ... HORRIBLE !! DO NOT USE THEM . I was charged DOUBLE the listed price , and it took 3 weeks to get it !! DO NOT USE ACE HARDEWARE ONLINE !!!
 I 've used this for about a year now on my '91 BMW for the INTERIOR -LRB- yes , I know this product is advertised for exterior finishes -RRB- pieces such as the dashboard and console ; I must say it is AMAZING ! My console and dashboard needed some `` restoring '' after it looked dull , felt dry , and was just tired looking . After I used this product and rubbed it in like it says , I have that new car look ! It is just an amazing product and I highly recommend it for interior use . I have n't needed to use it for the exterior ... yet .
 On my 20 year old Nissan , a lot of the black trim and rubber was faded to a dull dark grey . After one application of Back-To-Black , the appearance is much more like when the car was new -- a rich black . I 'm looking forward to seeing how much better it looks after a second application.The only downside is that it leaves streak marks on any adjacent body panels , so plan on doing some clean up work afterwards to remove these streaks.All-in-all I 'm very satisfied with my purchase . I had trouble finding this product locally , it was out of stock at most stores . Amazon had a better price anyway !
 Area to be treated must be very clean and free of all oil/tar/debris . With this preparation , the product is quite good . With this having been done , there was some streaking after a steady day and a half of rain which was dissappointing .
 This darkens the black plastic on my Mustang and makes my car look better than it did coming right from the factory . It will wear off after a few washes but I have found that if you wash your car lightly without a lot of scrubbing it will last a little longer . I do n't mind putting it on every other time I wash my car since it makes it look so good . I 'm on my third bottle now since I love the product . I will keep buying it because it works . I went a little crazy with it and put it on my black dash . I do n't recommend using it on your dash since it 's not to be used this way and it does make the dash shine to the point it causes a reflection in the glass which in turn makes it hard to see out the front window on a sunny day . This is my mistake since the product is n't meant to be used in this manner !
 I 've got a large scooter with black vinyl body panels/moldings these had become weathered enough that they were grey . Back to Black restored them to LIKE NEW condition . The formula itself is not black but a white color . I really was unprepared for the fantastic results I got ! The panels were a textured vinyl and I used an old toothbrush to work the formula into the grain . Worked great . I 've tried other products before but this one surpassed them all .
 This is what all the others from the start have been trying to get right . Scrub down the plastic to get it as smooth as possible , then scrub it down with the ` Back-to-Black ' a couple of times , and people will think the piece is new . This is the only product I will use on my best vehicles . It works great on most any plastic/rubber that shows age , and makes them immortal !
 This stuff restores the `` new '' look to black plastics . If something is sufficiently faded it may take a couple applications but it works ! I used this on my motorcycle so I cant say much as to how long it will last in the rain -LRB- I try not to ride in the rain lol -RRB- but it does seem to still look good after a couple of washes ! This stuff smells fantastic also!p.s . something I learned , This stuff is great to put on your moldings of your car before you wax it , none of the wax will get on the moldings causing that white dry gunk !
 I do n't know why people are saying this does n't work ! Follow the instructions to the T and you will be a very happy consumer ! I used it on all of my plastic trim and rubber ! Worked incredibly well and found that it was much easier to apply with a foam pad/block instead of towel !
 Back to Black worked great renewed my dull plastic on the rear bumper of my Dodge Dakota , I have been looking for something that would bring the Black Back and this works great . .
 Does exactly what the name imply 's . I 've used this on my fading bumpers and it turn them to such a rich black . Looking better than NEW .
 The exterior trim on my 2003 Trailblazer was very faded -LRB- white , chalky look -RRB- . The first time I bought Mothers Back to Black I applied a thick layer on the trim and buffed it after a few minutes . In the rain it would run and leave an oily residue on the paint . I then applied according to the instructions and gave me excellent results . I applied it a month ago and it has n't washed off with the rain . The key is to apply several thin coats instead of one thick coat . If used correctly , you get good results . Another excellent product from Mothers .
 I got these for my brand new car since you do not really need to polish a new car . They work great . They pure Carnauba with no garbage added so you can rub them on any surface of your car and they do not leave a white film on , which is a huge bonus . They do give a nice shine and you really feel the protection they provide . I strongly recommend this WAX .
 Worked like a charm ... great 2nd use for this product !! I would have to assume this will work very well as it is intended as well .
 This is a very good product , at a great price . I would recommend this product to everyone and I would purchase again . . This price locally was much more expensive locally .
 I bought this product based upon reviews on Amazon and have been very happy . I 'm not a car freak but can appreciate a good wax . I used this after using the car clay kit I bought at the same time . The combination of the two really left my paint looking deeper and richer than ever before . I have a 2008 Altima with standard Nissan dark gray paint but it looks better than new now ! Very impressed ...
 The best of the best . Goes on smooth and buffs out so easily ... my truck look great better than what to local shop will do and it lasts too !
 Have always used Mothers for newer and older finishes . Easy to use with good final results . Would recommend to friends with newer finishes as well .
 this is a really good wax . it gives a deep gloss and shine . It goes on easy and comes off easy without flaking.very good value .
 I have used many different waxes and this is by far the best ! The best part of this is how little effort is needed to rub it off once it dries . Most of the other -LRB- un-named -RRB- brands I have used , require a lot of elbow grease to shine out the wax once it dries.Also the shine lasts a long time . I waxed my car and was extremely happy with the like new shine it left . 3 weeks later it was still shiny , and after it rained I just wiped away the water with a microfiber cloth and it looked like new again . With this wax , the dirt does n't stick !!
 This product shines like no other ! Goes on easy , comes off easy . I 've used every wax out there this one is by far the best . I use it on my new MazdaSpeed3 . It keeps my car looking amazing . Water beeds for more than 3 months and I cover my car daily and wash it ever week . Good job mothers ! Oh , by the way I use the three step system . This one works the best .
 The shine is pretty good and it still shined after 3 consecutive rain days . A little lasts a long way so use thin multiple coats instead of one thick coat . I had a little difficulty buffing off the haze at first -LRB- cos I let it dry too long -RRB- but i applied a few drops of water on the cloth and the haze came off pretty easily .
 This is my first Mothers product ever ! And I can not believe the outcome ! I 'm a big fan of Mcguiar for years , but I 'm starting to change my throught now . Easy to apply ... eaxy to take it off . No white dry residue . However the smell is too strong . It 's like I put 3 tube of Bengay on me : -RRB-
 This is the best stuff I have ever used in my 40 years . Eazy on and eazy off . The results of my efforts still amaze me . I can not tell you how great this stuff is . It even hides the swirl marks on my red paint . I never thought wax could be so good . All I can tell you is that you have waited too long if your reading this .
 After using this product , I will never again use any `` non 100 % carnauba '' wax product . The difference is noticeable . My only complaint is that I wish it would harden a little more quickly and solidly , but this may be because I 'm in the south where it 's more hot and humid .
 I have had good luck with Mother 's products and have used this wax among others . It results in a mirror-gloss shine and will not harm clear-coat finishes . Usually waxing once every six months suffices . The caveat ... this is a pure wax and as such , should not be used on oxidized paint or unclean surfaces . Any surface showing oxidation needs to be prepared with rubbing compound or a cleaner-wax -LRB- see my review of this product -RRB- first before going to the next step in application of a pure carnauba wax product such as this . If there is no oxidation to speak of on the surface , I recommend this product . It also goes without saying it needs to be applied to a clean , dry surface in a cool -LRB- shady -RRB- atmosphere for best results . Use of this product over several years resulted in a like-new finish on a vehicle nearly ten years old and significantly enhanced trade-in value .
 this product is as good as the turtle platinun , carnauba Meguiars . and the prices are similar as well as the quality of the three brands , the brightness of the car depends on the quality of the painting and not the wax . for this reason the high prices of other products can not be justified , after several years of experience in this field I recommend fulfill any of the three , I recommend waxing every month depending on weather and if the car is exposed or not the sun . .
 Works quite well . It does take a while to dry though , so it is good practice to wax it in you garage where it can sit in the shade for a while before you attempt to remove it . But amaon is probably cheaper than walmart here .
 This product works and smells amazing , however only use this product if the paint is entirely clean , if not use Mothers Cleaner Wax instead as it cleans and protects in one step .
 When 's the last time you went to a car wash and have the attendant make a comment on your car 's wax finish ? That happened to me recently after the attendant commented after hosing down the car before entering the automatic housing of the car wash . Beads , baby . Plenty of beads as in beading up and this after 3 months of waxing with Mother 's ! I 've tried at least a half dozen other car waxes over the years but Mother 's beats 'em all.I still wax my car because of pride in ownership , not to mention the lofty prices being charged by the detail shops . I apply with a hand held automatic waxer which is recommended and take it off with an ultra soft rag designed for that purpose . Result ? A deep shine that lasts . In my case , for a good 6 months until it 's time to do it again.Mother 's formula has something in it the others do n't . `` It 's all the others , or it 's Mother 's ! '' Hey ! I should be an advertising copy writer . I like to Mother 's my SUV in the spring and late fall so it 's about time at this writing to invest the 60-90 minutes to apply another wax back . You can help if you 're in the neighborhood ??? -LRB- smiles -RRB-
 Have had a few Mothers products before . Read reviews and took a shot at this product . Was looking for twice-a-year wax without the powdery residue ... and this is it . Went on super smooth and comes off even smoother . Left a great shine and does well on the black plastic parts of the truck leaving a good shine on them too . Truth be told , I will wax my truck more than twice a year and this is the wax I will use . Side note , I use Lucas Oil spray mist wax in between hard waxes . This is phenominal product ! Honestly , between the Mothers wax and Lucas mist wax my truck has never ... never look so red and good . I will buy these products as long as they are for sale .
 how excited can you be about waxing your car really , i was like this isnt too bad then after an hour i was like FFS this is taking too looonnggg ... but it did smell like fruit & is supposed to protect my paint ? so im giving it a miserable 4 stars . 5 if the product applied itself
 I use this on my wheels and it always keeps them looking brand new . It is a great tool that keeps the shine .
 The mothers three step wax process is a must for any one living in a temperate climate with all the good stuff like snow , ice , rain , salty roads etc etc. . The first of the three step process strips all old wax off the car that could have built up from previous waxes . The Second step is a protective glaze that will eliminate swirl marks and small imperfections in the paint job . The third and final step is the Pure Brazilian Carnauba Wax that is also a protective coat but adds a brilliant shine to any type of paint job . This three step process is hard-work and takes some elbow grease unless your using a buffer but even then its a long process to wax a car three times in one sitting , but this only needs to be done once a year and can be revitalized by using the appropriate car shampoos . From time to time I will re-wax only using the third step -LRB- Pure Carnauba Wax -RRB- to add a shine like no other product can deliver .
 Very happy with this wax . Goes on easily and comes off just as easily even if you leave it on longer than it recommends . I have a large SUV , am a mature female , and this makes the job of waxing my vehicle a breeze . Gives it a gorgeous shine and feels smooth and silky . It also lasts quite well , and in Florida where we live , that is a feat in itself .
 I suggest you clay your car first with either mothers or meguiars clay car kits . This product goes on easy and a little dime size goes a long way -LRB- thin coats do n't go heavy people -RRB- I suggest you use and applicator pad if you 're doing it by hand . Wax the whole car then start to buff off where you started , you need a little elbow grease and I used two microfiber towels to buff off the wax completely . I have a phantom purple color car and the depth of shine and reflections is fantastic ca n't stop looking at it , I 'm gone , going back to look at the car : - -RRB-
 It 's liquid car wax , it goes on as a liquid , dries to a haze , then you wipe it off . It makes the car shiny , your arm sore , and a ruins whatever you use to wipe it off with . My wife complains but it 's the only way I know to get new shirts . It lasts about 6 months , longer if you make the mistake of getting it on the rubber parts around the windows . It protects the paint , and makes it easy to wash off mud , bugs , and child sized chocolate finger prints .
 Good wax . Works well with its Clay product . But is it easy to get if off ? I think it is about the same as others .
 I got this wax because of the reviews on Amazon , and while it 's okay , it 's not the best wax out there . I used to use the Wax Shop Super Glaze -LRB- now Wax Depot Liquid Wax -RRB- . It was very good stuff , but when it ran out , I decided to try a lower-priced option.The biggest knock I have against it is that it 's not as smooth as Wax Depot 's product , especially on the microfiber towel test -LRB- to see if it falls right off a newly waxed car -RRB- . It 's also not as shiny . And I did clay beforehand , which made my Infiniti G35 ultra smooth . I did n't have time to polish it this go around . But then when I applied the wax , it somehow made it less smooth.I 'll use this product on my cars just to use it up ; then it 's back to the Wax Depot stuff .
 I bought this wax along with a Mother 's Clay Bar kit . I bought a brand new Dodge 1500 Ram in white . It was kept on a inventory lot , and not at the actual dealership . It was covered with so many little dark spots from trees and any other airborne crap . I first used the clay bar kit , and it worked amazing ! Took off pretty much every small imperfection on the new paint . After finishing that , I used this Carnauba Wax . The clay bar does n't really give a shine , but preps the paint to be waxed . After about 2 hours of elbow grease , the truck was waxed . It looked AMAZING . Sitting there , the paint looked wet , and was shining like crazy . It had a beautiful mirror like finish and after about 2 weeks still looks great -LRB- even with some dirt on the truck -RRB- . The wax beads water beautifully and it seems like this will help protect the pain this winter . I took off one star due to the wax being a little hard to remove . I didnt use a heavy application of wax , but it was a bit stubborn to remove . Their NXT wax is much easier to remove , but I feel this has a better , classi , wet , mirror like shine . Mothers does a great job and puts out a great product .
 This is one of the best products I have used . I try new products on the monthly basis -LRB- 1 or 2 -RRB- and I have been doing that for over 20 years . From them all , this is one that I like a lot.Before applying it , make sure your car is clean , I power wash it -LRB- 2700psi / nozzle 40 -RRB- , completely dry it because this product does n't like water at all . Make sure there is no direct sunlight over your car and the day is cool . Star applying it , use circular strokes , no need to apply a lot of pressure , wait 1 minute and wipe it off with a microfiber towel .
 I 've used many other ` over the counter ' brands from Meguiar 's NXT , GoldGlass to Eagle1 Nanowax and none of those products comes close to Mothers Pure Carnuba Wax when it comes to deep , reflective shine and ease of use . Period.I started using this product and noticed the difference right away . Seriously , this is the most underrated wax on the market . Anyone with a black car should give this wax a shot and I will make a bet that you too will see the difference . Even my coworkers saw the difference right away . Just by switching to this wax . They commented that it was `` brighter and really glossy '' . This wax does provide a very nice , reflective shine . Very easy to apply and wipe off . You wo n't be disappointed with this wax . Other waxes -LRB- especially those synthetic polymers wax -RRB- Such as NXT requires that you wait at least 20 minutes for the wax to dry before you buff it out . Even then , they still show signs of `` smears or streaks or oily residue '' on dark colored cars . This carnuba wax dries in no time . By the time you apply the last coat , you can start buffing out the first panel you apply the wax on.The shine is just simply amazing . The smell however is not.This is one of the most underrated waxes out there . Do yourself and your car a favor and get this wax . -LRB- See comments for pics ! -RRB-
 I just finished my first spring washing when a fellow walked by my car and asked if this was 2011 CRV that I waswashing . I told him it was almost 4 years old and he could not believe it . I have to admit that the car does look like due to wonderful Mothers products and some elbow grease.Mothers Carnauba Wax is one of the weapons in keeping my car looking good.I start by washing my car . I do n't dry it as this time as water drops will be removed by other steps . Then I clay the car to remove embedded specs , stuck on dirt , and this year I had rubber marks from clearing the snowMothers 07240 California Gold Clay Bar Paint Saving System . I do n't clay every inch of the entire car . I just examine the car by sight for any imperfections and by my running my hand over the paint to feel any tiny bumps . When I feel some grittiness or see some dirt on the paint , I generously spray that section with Mothers Showtime Instant Detailer , then knead the piece of clay in my hand and rub it against the spot I identified . Normally , you see the dirt disappear in a few swipes . Sometimes you need to reapply the Detailer and repeat . Kneading is important as you want to work the little pieces of dirt into the clay , and not leave it on the surface of the clay ball where it can scratch the car . I also use the clay on non-painted areas such as glass and chrome if they have stains.After the claying step I wax the car is small sections using Carnauba Wax . It easy to work with . I put it on a small section -LRB- each side of the car is done in 4 sections , for example -RRB- , by the time I am done spreading it , it is ready to be wiped off , you do n't have to wait . I use micro fiber towels to wipe the wax , using a fresh piece of the fiber on each section.As my final step I apply Back-to-blackMothers 06108 Back-To-Black - 8 ozto non-painted surfaces . This turns the dull plastic into shiny new looking surface . Back-to-black is also effective in removing any wax that might have accidently got on the plastic , that 's why I do back-to-black as the last step.Carnauba Wax gives a superior shine . It is easy and pleasant to work with . I highly recommend it .
 This wax is excellent . There are absolutely no cons to using this wax . I agree with all of the previous reviews . I have used every other brand of wax available -LRB- turtle wax , meguiars , zymol , etc -RRB- and none of them can compare to the brilliance of this Mothers wax . It goes on and off easy . No hard buffing and no streaking on removal . I 've never encountered a wax that is so easy to remove . After removing this wax from the entire car , my microfiber towel hardly looked used at all . The shine was absolutely stunning . You will not find a better wax at any price point .
 If you are looking for the best this is it . Through the years I 've tried just about every new and improved product that promised a great shine and durability . Listen up . The king of wax is carnauba . Wash thoroughly , use clay -LRB- it works great and is easy -RRB- , and then prep your paint accordingly depending on the level of neglect . Once you get the paint finish healthy , bright and pure again , apply this product . The first time you will be stunned with the gloss . But wait , there 's more ... Apply a second coat . The beauty of carnauba is that you can build more than one coat . The third coat will be a diminishing return but you will have a knockout shine . After admiring the results look up carnauba wax on Wikipedia and you will understand what is going on . Pharmaceutical companies still have n't found anything better than old fashioned carnauba wax to coat pills . It is a COATING . It PROTECTS . It fills microscopic scratches so it provides DEEP GLOSS . This is old school wax , and this is as good as it gets .
 As the french say
 I 've used Mother 's products for years . I 've been using the 3 step cleaner , sealer and glaze , and carnuba wax and you can really see the difference . I have a 2006 Acura RSX -LRB- last year they made them -RRB- , Milano Redand I ca n't tell how many compliments I get on it 's appearance . Friends are always asking how I get it to look so good , and I 've made quite a few converts . I also use their Leather cleaner/conditioner on the interior which works great and leaves the seats looking good . I 've had occasion to contact Mother 's customer service , and they were a pleasure to deal with . They really seem to understand how important it is to satisfy customers . You wo n't be disappointed with any of their products .
 Since this product is designed to be used as a 3-Step system , along with the cleaner and carnuba wax , this review was also posted under the Step 1 and Step 2 products to help anyone who may miss one of the products ... I have a 1970 American Motors AMX with the bittersweet orange color which I bought new and drove until 1983 . Since then , the car has set under the carport , uncovered , collecting dirt and grime . Its only use has been to serve as our cats `` perch '' . You can hardly imagine how tired and run-down it looked . Truthfully , I was skeptical ... but a friend who does auto detailing told me to give the Mothers three-step product a try . So based on that recommendation , I ordered it through Amazon as it was not available locally . I was excited to see what the old buggy could look like.I soon found out one thing - This product takes a lot of rubbing . After rinsing the car off -LRB- it does n't run yet , so I just sponged it off -RRB- to get the worst of the grime off , then set to work with the cleaner . I also purchased the Mothers 4 Paint ball and used that in my drill along with lots of rubbing with some old fluffy athletic socks.First coat done
 I 've been purchasing fancy waxes and polishes . They all look good just after being applied , but I noticed that they do n't seem to last . I thought I 'd go back to the basics and just try good old carnauba wax.I am not disappointed and will stick with carnauba wax from now on . It keeps on beading water way past the time that the others starting sheeting .
 I am a fanatic about car detailing and all I can say is this product delivers as stated . I used it on 2 of my cars -LRB- both black -RRB- and it really enhanced the finish to a mirror like show room appearance . Do n't hesitate to purchase it , you wo n't be sorry .
 I must say this stuff is awesome . Produced a deep glossy shine on my black porsche ! Recommend this to anyone looking to restore their cars finish .
 Tried this because I could n`t find any Rain Dance wax . Mothers does n`t bead up in the rain as good as RD but still goes on easy and comes off easy . It does a good job .
 This wax is definitely not bad , but with that said I have tried better . The shine is rather good , but I think my P21S tops this in the reflection department , and in ease of application and removal . This wax is still quite a bit better than most I 've tried , but I feel the shine could be a little deeper , and the removal process is quite a bit more painstaking than P21S . For the price though , this is hard to beat since P21S is a pretty dollar more expensive .
 I was expecting a better shine than the one I got . It was good but not great . However , the scent was incredible . I would use it again just for that .
 For those wondering I do n't know why they put `` kit '' in the title , it 's just one injector.Either way it 's just a stock Delco fuel injector , matched my 95 LeSabre perfectly .
 Great replacement for oem pump in a 95 civic , comes with the rubber gasket to fit in the wiper fluid storage tank . 20 minute repair
 We were doing some heavy off-roading in the Gator , ours has a cab on it for winter with the washer tank by John Deere . We took a branch up under the body and busted the pump off the tank reservoir.Deere wanted like $ 150 and we could only buy the whole tank and pump.I sent the measurements of the john deere pump to ACI and they matched it with this unit . Fit right in to the factory grommet.Workes great too , had to put on new wire terminals to fit this ones pattern but that was easy .
 My old pump crapped out so I got this one . No issue installing it and have been using for about 6 months with no issues . Would Recommend
 The pump was well worth the price even if I had to jury rig the electrical connection so that I did n't have to cut the original supply wires .
 I bought this hose to replace the original hose that came with my Weekend Warrior Toy Hauler . This hose had same size fittings with larger diameter hose . Seems to have thicker walls and better quality then my OEM hose . Works as expected .
 The Apache hose replacement is an outstanding buy at the price . The burna hoses are shorter and double the price . For non-grounded devices it 's all you need . Apache Hose Replacement Hose 3/4-IN X 12-FT # 98108455
 Universal fit . Backing holds cover in place on leather bucket seat . Very functional . I would reccomend product . Very easy to vacume basset hound hair off . Delivery was very fast .
 Ideal replacement for the original equipment . Easy to install even without instruction - took me 15 minutes only because I went slowly . Priced VERY reasonably at a third of the dealership cost . Recommend to anyone looking to replace this item on their 1999 VW Passat GLS , 5-Spd .
 I have bought floor liners before , but I have never bought floor liners that fit my vehicle perfectly . It was/is a great investment . By these first , and you will never have to buy another set in your life .
 These are great tires ! I have these tires on a full time 4x4 atv . The ones on the rear have lasted 11 years with hard use without dry-rotting or wearing down much . I had to replace the front ones after 10 years due to tread wear -LRB- the tires were bald since the atv is always 4x4 . -RRB- Over all this is a good tire that is good for pulling -LRB- pulls better in reverse than forward -RRB- and mudding . Would recommend to a friend
 I purchased the ITP Mud Lite AT , for my 1995 Honda Fourtrax 300 4x4 , based on history.I originally purchased them for my 1999 Honda Fourtrax 300 4x4 in May of 2004 . They do n't look much different today then they did eight years ago . Back then the Mud Lite AT was hailed as the lightest weight mud tire on the market . I matched the Mud Lite AT to the Maxxis Lite 8-Spoke wheel which was advertised as the lightest wheel on the market . If I remember correctly , the overall weight of my Honda dropped 30 pounds . That means a lot when you 're running along 650 & 700cc bikes . On the highway I came up on and passed a Polaris 350 in 2 wheel mode . The Honda Fourtrax 300 4x4 being continuous 4 wheel drive . -LRB- 3 wheel drive without aftermarket modifications . -RRB- My Mud Lite AT 's were 12 '' . A move up from the OE 11 '' steel wheels of the Honda Fourtrax . This allowed me a much greater selection of tires and tire sizes available . I went with 27x10x12 rear and 26x10x12 front tires . This gave my Honda Fourtrax 300 the ground clearance I needed to avoid `` crowning out '' on mud trails when following the larger bikes . Crowning Out occurs when your tires are in the tire ruts and the crown between the tire ruts is high enough to keep your tires from reaching the ground . Then you sit there with your tires going around but not moving at all.Next was traction . I plow a driveway 100 ' long with a 5 ' wide plow . That 's a lot of snow and sometimes the wheels are just a spinning to keep forward movement . In deep snow , my brother-in-law got about 30 ' on his new Honda Rancher and could n't move the pile ahead of his plow - so he backed away from it . I was coming up behind him with a load of snow and went head on into his pile then continued on with both loads another 70 feet.Then there 's Poker Runs . Always someone looking for air to inflate a tire . I have had zero pounds of air in my Mud Lite 's and never had a problem . They are `` Run Flat '' tires on my bike . It was an installation problem on my bike . I never had a bead pop off of any of my wheels . I could take them in for removal and reinstall but they work just fine and I 've lost a wheel and tire because of a tire machine . I could Slime them but I 've heard tire dealers do n't appreciate that.The price is highly competitive if you shop around . $ 40 - $ 80 savings on the tire alone . $ 20 - $ 40 savings on shipping.I purposely chose the Mud Lite AT with it 's 3/4 '' lug over the Mud Lite XL with a 1-1/8 '' lug because I do a lot of road riding . I 'll experiment when I win the Lotto.To sum up ; they 're priced right , lightweight , perform well in all elements of riding , wear like steel , perform like run flats , look great and last so long that they pay for themselves.That 's all I ask for in a tire .
 A well designed quality product.Every household should have one . A small price to pay for communication during a disaster .
 I think there are other etons without the camouflage , but I bought this one without mfurther investigation . It has to its great credit the ability to lock in AM and stay there . Sangean -LRB- cc radio plus -RRB- will take FOREVER to do this even with digital tuning instead of the FR400 's analog . Of course , the tuner is off , you always have to aim high.I did not buy this for an emergency radio , but would hate to have to figure out the controls in the dark . And there are too many of them to control the myrial of things it does.However , it has great sound for the price and size , and that 's enough for me . Added benefit
 Pretty cool that you can just crank it up and it 'll work . I bought this radio mainly for emergency use when electricity goes out.I do wish it felt a bit better built but otherwise does what it 's supposed to do .
 This is really an invaluable life-saving tool . Every family should have one of these around the house regardless of whether or not you go camping.HighlightsMultiple power sources with standard battery , rechargeable battery , AC outlet , crank.LED Light-it is n't super bright , but it will get the job done in case your lights go out or you are fumbling for bug spray in the tent.Siren-It is pretty loud , and will certainly garner the attention of onlookers in case you are in trouble.It also comes with a coupon which you mail in to get an adapter to run your cell phone in case the battery dies . Once again great for home or camping.Offers direct communication with the weather channels so there is no fumbling with the tunning dial .
 I purchased this radio after several severe storms left us with no power and no idea of what was going on . This radio has already seen my family through several tornado near misses . We have no basement and the alarm on this radio lets us know , even in the middle of the night , when we need to take cover . While it is a bit annoying to have the `` weather alert '' alarm go off for every alert in the central Illinois area -LRB- many of them do not apply to us -RRB- it is far preferrable to the alternative . The NOAA weather stations come in crystal clear . The hand crank does require quite a bit of cranking to power the radio for 1/2 an hour , but it is a great alternative to always having batteries on hand .
 Good quality electronics . Great reception , for the size very good quality sound . Weather channels and alerts work very well . Very timely for us as we have been getting pounded with severe thunderstorms and tornadoes . We have experienced several power outages and the radio came in handy.Only minor complaint is that the cell phone charging takes a very long time for a significant charge . This feature is for when you REALLY want to make a call .
 I love this emergency radio . It has just about everything you might need during a power outage . I use the FM radio regularly , and keep it handy for tornado warnings . Since it comes in fun colors it makes a nice gift
 It sounds good but I have n't tested it yet to see if I have set it right . I leave it on on and it did n't come on when we had 10 in of snow . I guess it only works for tornado weather .
 No complaints . Works as it says it does . Would not consider the unit rugged , but adequately made .
 This unit provides exactly what I wanted in case of an emergency . When the power goes out , it provides communication with the outside world so that we can learn what is going on . The weather alert went off the second day I had it due to a flood warning . There are many more expensive units available , and cheaper ones , also , but this is just what someone needs to see them through a short time of emergency .
 These are good radios , this is my second . But be warned when the US goes DTV right after the Superbowl Febuary 17 , 2009 the TV audio feature is dead . The FCC is already in the process of auctioning the frequencies off .
 This works fine - got it in the time promised . The only difficulty is that there is not much of an instruction manual .
 Since we have n't yet had a real emergency , I ca n't speak to its use in that capacity , but this little box of energy does everything it claims to do . Use the hand crank , and the flashlight and radio work beautifully . In fact , the sound from the radio is clear and loud . I have other Eton products , and they are small compact wonders , in my opinion . You really do n't need an emergency to enjoy them , but think how useful they will be when one occurs .
 Love the light-weight and compactness of this emergency radio in addition to the multiple energy sources.Tried it out on a recent camping trip and could n't locate TV stations , seemed to get radio on TV setting . In subsequent test at home , I got all our local TV stations , plus some unidentified broadcasts which sounded like radio.NOAA weather broadcast was very helpful on campout.The cover is a good idea , but it fits too tightly to be used easily.Eton FR400 Hand Crank Radio and Power Generator -LRB- Red -RRB-
 Product is very good quality and durable . Reception is good and seems to last for quite a while with only a little bit of cranking .
 This handy little radio has plenty going for it . Every family should have one in case of emergencies , which as we know , can happen anytime or anywhere . What I really like about it is the fact that in addition to AM/FM stations and Weather broadcasts -- it picks up the audio from our local TV stations . This can be great because they are the ones that will be broadcasting news and weather as it happens . One added benefit that I did n't realize was also included is a great carrying case with shoulder strap . You ca n't go wrong for the money on this one .
 To start with , we received the Eton FR400 Emergency Radio as a gift a few years ago . The antenna had been snapped off -LRB- as can happen with any radio of this type -RRB- , but a quick visit to Eton 's website and a replacement was quickly obtained , which is far better customer service than many of its competitors.Simply put , this radio does everything that 's expected . Had occasion to use it earlier this year when we had a power outage that lasted for a little more than 24 hours , and cranking the generator for about 90 seconds resulted in use for about an hour . Have n't had occasion to use its noisy emergency siren or its 1 flashing red LED emergency light , but its 2 white LED flashlight is handy , though one might wish for more light.When it comes to radio reception , have had occasion to use all of its AM/FM/NOAA / TV1/TV2 -LRB- VHF channels 2-13 -RRB- bands , and reception has been just fine . Have used it on the NOAA weather bands , and the alert function for emergency broadcasts works as expected . Should also mention that the radio is sturdy but very light weight , and only 1 lb 4 oz.This sturdy emergency radio might not be `` waterproof '' in the classic sense , but it easily qualifies as an all-weather emergency radio , though I would recommend this only under battery power , and not with an AC adapter!For those who want to use it as an emergency cell phone charger , check the documentation that came with your radio . You should find instructions on how to obtain the proper tip for your cell phone , or you can contact the company at etoncorp.com and you 'll find the directions online ... it 's that easy . You 'll find replacement parts there as well , including NiMH 3.6 V rechargeable battery packs -LRB- like I need to order -RRB- and such.As far as ruggedness , usability , quality and reception go , this is a 5-star product . However , on February 17 , 2009 all full-power broadcast television stations in the US will stop broadcasting on analog airwaves and begin broadcasting only in digital . This radio -LRB- and most of the others that have TV bands -RRB- will not be useful on the TV1 & TV2 bands due to this changeover , so I feel it 's only fair to post this as a 4-star rating , with full faith that Eton will come out with a digital product in the future.But if the TV bands mean nothing to you , then please do consider this to be a 5-star rating.Others worh considering are the very similarAmerican Red Cross FR400 Emergency Radio , White , which appears to be almost the same . If size is a consideration , then the super-small and full-featuredAmerican Red Cross FR150 Microlink Portable Radioor the similarEt&oacute;n FR150 Microlink Portable Radioare well worth your consideration . If the addition of shortwave receprion is importent to you , theEt&oacute;n FR500 Solarlinkhas that , along with an array of encapsulated solar cells that can also run the FR-500 .
 I love this thing . I got it on sale when Amazon offered it at significant discount . Its brothers and sisters in other colors were 30 dollars more expensive . I guarantee you that if I ever need an emergency radio I am not going to care one damned bit that it is pink . In fact , I confess , it is kind of cute in hot pink . But on to its functional delights : This radio will handcrank power to the radio and to your cell phone . The radio comes with a coupon so that you can get an attachment to hook up and power your specific cell phone . The radio has FM , AM , TV channels and weather . Besides the handcrank it can be powered with batteries or a wall plug in . The wall plug in attachment is included.It also serves as a flashlight . It has a carrying case . This thing is so cute and functional that I can almost imagine that someone crossed an iPod with a standard emergency radio and came up with this . Great deal for 29 bucks as a Gold Box special .
 I have not use it yet , but is a great comfort to have it at hand
 The radio practically has it all . A hand crank , a rechargeable battery -LRB- by crank or by AC adapter -RRB- , and a battery slot for normal batteries . It has a tuner for TV , AM , FM , and weather channels . About the only thing it lacks is a solar panel.So much for the promotional , here is the good and the bad with the radio ... The Good.It is quite compact and comes in its own storage bag . But the bag is not waterproof and is intended just as a carrying case . If you plan to use this radio when out in the woods I would recommend putting it in a ziplock style bag to keep out the water and moisture - and it is small enough to do just that.The hand crank appears to be of solid construction and takes very little winding to power the radio . 30 seconds of cranking gives you about 5 - 8 minutes of radio play if the rechargeable battery is plugged in . Otherwise you will have to continously crank the radio to keep it powered on . This is a nice `` last resort '' option , but when Murphy 's Law kicks in it is nice to have that feature.The Bad.Although it comes with a TV tuner , I was unable to pick up any of the local channels even in town . Maybe I am unlucky or maybe this feature just does n't work as advertised . It could also be that this feature no longer works as TV signals are now digital and in HD only and even the audio portion of the broadcast can no longer be picked up with this type of equipment.Also the weather bands do n't seem to be picked up very well . I deliberately tried to pick up weather warnings during a bad rain storm in my area . I picked up nothing on any of the weather bands . Again it could be because they were n't sending out warnings or maybe it does n't work as intended . But with multiple weather bands getting those warnings maybe hit or miss and you maybe better off sticking to the local FM stations for weather warnings.All-in-all it is n't a bad field radio . Some of the features are questionable but it is of solid construction and looks like it will last for some time . The only thing you may have to monitor on this radio is the rechargeable battery . To get the most out of the radio you may want to replace it every couple of years .
 Pros : Battery operated.Can use hand crank if battery failsAlso is a conventional radioHas a built-in flash light.Will charge your cell phone . Card enclosed to receive the correct adapter.CON
 This is an excellent radio with good sound quality for both talk and music . It is sturdy and well built . It comes with a convenient carry case which holds the instructions and batteries which is very useful in the case of an emergency . Sound is clearest after a full charge using the built in re-chargable battery and also clear using AA batteries . The least clear sound is produced when all other power supply is exhausted and you need to use the crank . However , this radio has a lot to run on before you get to the crank stage.The company was very prompt in supplying the cell phone adapter , however they have sent two and neither of them fit the phone so in an emergency we will not be able to charge the phone until we get this aspect straigntened out . this is the reason for 4 rather than 5starsEvery home should have this radio for both emergency and ordinary portable use .
 A little pricey but came with all of the features I wanted . Easy to use , durable construction . Do n't forget to contact the company for a cell phone charger as it is not included in the box , you have to order it with a postcard found in the box or by email .
 This radio is a quality product . It tunes in stations easily . The sound is clear and crisp . Buttons , knobs , and switches are easy to use . The plus is that can generate power by itself . Aside from rechargeable batteries for emergencies , it uses three AA batteries for daily use .
 I bought this product based on a friend 's recommendation . I have been very impressed with the features and functionality of the FR-400 . The quality of the unit is nice and I have already had the benefit of the `` alert '' function .
 Nice radio and weather settings . The radio has does not tune to any UHF channels so thats a loss but good reception and sound , nice for what it is . The weather warning function is not real useful since it goes off for a 5 county area and 90 % of the time there is no reason for it to wake me at 2 in the morning . This is not he radios fault but more NOAA 's so cant blame eton for it .
 In these uncertain times I have felt a need for an emergency radio , and this fits the bill quite well .
 The Eton radio has excellent reception . It is compact , easy to use and has a useful flashlight and emergency light .
 Just what I orderer . for the price it was a steal . does everything it should do as an crank type radio .
 This is radio that is for your `` Must Pack '' list whenever you travel . Quality is excellent with solid sound reception for AM , FM and Weather . No need to worry about power if you end up in the wilderness . Just turn the crank and you 're back in touch with the world . Just ordered one as Christmas gift for my outdoor-obsessed son in law . It 'll be a fixture on his boat and in his golf bag , I am certain . He has to stay in touch with what 's happening and this this will make that happen for him .
 After the hurricane hit Houston this was a necessity for my family for over a week ! Worked just as it was suppose to .
 We started playing with this right away , even though it is really for our emergency kit . It is heavy duty and holds a charge real well . We could listen to TV or the radio . It has a goofy port for `` charging your cell phone '' that we ca n't figure out . Our cell phones do n't hook up to that , and there are no directions . At all . You just open this and play with it . No directions at all . But we got one for each of our grown children too .
 I originally bought a `` Jeep '' all weather radio for my husband for Christmas - I thought paying more might mean a better product ; not so , the hand crank broke on 2nd use . I then ordered this one - my hubby loves it . It contains everything we would want for an emergency radio ; we have no problems picking up any of the t.v. , National or local stations . The light is sufficient for an emergency and the Alert would definitely get you out of bed . The only issue we have seen is that we had it on one night and the alarm went off for no apparant reason ... If not for that I would have given it 5 stars . I think this is a must for any household that lives in a storm prone area -LRB- which seems to be just about anywhere now a days -RRB-
 Received this emergency radio several weeks ago , and I have used it several time since then -LRB- thank the Lord not in an emergency situation though ! -RRB- . It worked great out of the box . Did everything that was promised it would do . The only draw back is that I still have not received the cell phone adapters that I sent for when I received the radio . I guess it takes the company awhile to get them into the mail to me ? Otherwise , a great emergency radio !
 I went seven 1/2 days with no electricity following Hurricane Ike and did n't use one battery . Love this radio . Yes , I had to crank and crank to listen to the radio , but it gave me something to fiddle with - and the light stayed on long and strong without recranking , whether the radio was on or no.Don ' t know if the VHF TV Band will work after digital transition in Feb 2009 , but I 'd buy any Eton crank radio on the strength of my good experience with this .
 Unless you have crazy expectations , this radio is good for the price . I had to use it recently after Hurricane Gustav blew through our area , and everything I needed it to do , it did just fine . The radio reception was clear , flashlight threw off a good amount of light , and it was compact and sturdy . The radio was on continuously for three days with the same batteries . It was also nice to get a tv station , to get a break from the continual blather about the situation around town . I did n't try the cell phone charger .
 After noting some less than satisfactory reviews by others on similar Eaton products , I decided to go ahead and buy this product . I found that the FR400 meets all my criteria in a weather radio . First , the crank system covers our communications need should we have an extended power outage.This past week , over 100,000 people were without power in our area . The crank generating system works excellent . It actually works easier than I thought that it would . I also find the Alert function very important . You simple turn a Selector Knob to Alert , and when the National Weather Service issues an alert , the radio comes on automatically . This alert gives you advance warning of dangerous weather , and can save your life in case a tornado is about to happen near you.It also warns you of other bad weather conditions such as extreme straight line winds and hail . Flood Warnings are also covered in these alerts.Yes we have tornado sirens for impending tornados . Since we have satellite TV reception , we usually lose our TV signal just as the bad storms get close to us . With the FR400 , we easily can slide the selection bar and tune in any of several TV stations , and pick up the sound portion of the broadcast . We can also access our local FM and AM radio channels.The reception is excellent on both AM and FM bands . I have mine set to Channel ll the CBS TV affiliate in Dallas/Fort Worth . The tuning bar reads TV2 . Channel 5 , a lower number would be set on TV1 . We consider this product an excellent value , and recommend this model due to the included AC Adapter . The included cell phone adapters fit both my wife 's cell phone and my own . Hers is an ancient Motorola and mine is a recent LG . There are excellent set up instructions should you need them from the Eton website . It 's actually very simple to set up . Lights , Sirens , Radio , Crank and Auto settings are clearly marked . Dialing is no problem , and the TV and Weather Service reception is excellent . This product has it all , and is a must for having a dependable weather warning or disaster communication radio .
 This radio is reviewed on Amazon several times , but most are under the Red Cross version 's listing , even though this is exactly the same radio . I read several negative reviews prior to buying this item . Well , as it turns out I think this is a nice little unit . I would describe the sound overall as good . Maybe I 'll amend this review in the future , but I 'm happy with the features , design & performance.Opening the battery cover and connecting the battery was just that simple , and it has remained securely closed . Maybe the design has been modified because that procedure has gotten a lot of negative feedback , but I ca n't see any reason there would be a problem . The cellphone charging cord & several connectors -LRB- let 's be honest ... we 're never going to use this -RRB- were included , and my Sanyo phone is covered.This is a light , inexpensive case . The tuner seems fine . Here in NYC I 've had no trouble tuning in the various AM & FM stations that I like . This is not a high-end indestructable radio . I think this is a good , relatively solidly built & designed radio that can be used every day . I charged it over night with the included adapter . It 's brought me a few ballgames over the past few days without needing a charge -LRB- I 'm just going to let it drain completely once to complete a battery cycle -RRB- . I like this little radio very much .
 I needed more info on this radio and others so I called Amazon tech support . I was given the Eton customer service number
 The inexpensive Eton FR400 is a nice little radio as well as a potential lifesaver . For its size it has a surprisingly good balanced tone -LRB- not adjustable -RRB- , and very clear reception on NOAA , AM , FM , and TV bands alike . The power crank/dynamo doubles as an exercise machine ... not the easiest thing to crank -LRB- especially if you follow the recommendation to crank at 2 revolutions per second for 90 seconds to acheive maximum power charge -RRB- , but you get up to an hour and a half to rest up before you need to recharge . I wish the case had a compartment for the power and cell phone adapters though , to keep all parts in one place . I gave mine to my electronically picky and critical sattelite-TV field manager brother-in-law -LRB- to keep at his home in the US Virgin Islands for hurricane use -RRB- , and immediately bought another for our own tornado , thunderstorm , icestorm and power vagary usage here in beautiful rural West Michigan . I 'll take it camping and its light weight and weather resistant design may even cause it to join me in my treestands this deer season -LRB- I wish an earphone was included as well , but as I seem to be the last living man without an iPod I ca n't blame Eton for my not having my own headphones , I suppose ... -RRB- . By the way , the available metallic colors offered on these are `` way cool '' ! You wo n't regret buying the FR400 , regardless of the weather in your part of the world . BTW
 The FR400 is a good , though pricey , radio . The LED flashlight is intense -LRB- you wo n't want to look directly at it -RRB- , but not so bright . This is the case for most LED flashlights , so , if you need to be active during a low light condition , you might be better off with an ordinary flashlight . I have two gripes :1 -RRB- It does n't stand well on its end . During a recent power outage , I tried pointing the light upward , as I did with my other flashlights , so that it would reflect off the ceiling and illuminate a larger area . The dynamo crank prevents the radio from standing well on its end .2 -RRB- The AC adapter does n't fit in the bag , as another reviewer already noted . The bag , by the way , fits rather tightly , so it is easy to accidentally turn knobs and flip switches as you 're pushing the radio in .
 Everything worked out of the box . Construction is plastic , rather than metal , so long term durability may be an issue especially if it is used daily . Nice rubber sealed battery door to keep moisture out , but I 'd still avoid getting it wet . I 've experimented with the crank charger which worked fine , but have n't really put it to a tough real world test yet.It has a nice little battery pack that is included & you can also insert three AA NiMh batteries of your own . The tight fitting fabric case has a shoulder strap , but no room in the bag for the AC charger.It did n't include an adapter for my Motorola Razr cell phone , but when I called Eton , they sent one for free.I only use it occasionally during emergencies . Not sure if it 's durable enough for constant everyday use . If your looking for something for constant use , get ready to spend a lot more money for a radio .
 and ... it has `` nice lines , '' has a smaller footprint in Emergency Kit , great for the car where space is a premium .
 I have used every aspect of my new Eton FR400 Hand Crank Radio , since it arrived . I 've been putting it through its paces , testing everything I can , so that , should I ever need it in an emergency , there will be no surprises.And so far - none.I am very happy I listened to other reviewers here and took their suggestion to buy this great product.If anyone cares , the AM side of things comes in great - as opposed to many smaller radios where getting a strong AM signal is often difficult.Also - the siren is very loud , which is great -LRB- because I did n't expect it to be -RRB- Pros
 Shortly after purchasing this radio our electric was off for six days . I had the radio turned on for six days , 24 hours a day . I am still using the same batteries in the radio . This is a good radio that I recommend to anyone considering one . I am pleased with my radio and would purchase it again.Eton FR400 Hand Crank Radio and Power Generator -LRB- Red -RRB-
 This is a nice little radio for the price . I 've noticed that it does n't seem to work very well from the wall adapter , but works great either from batteries , or while you are actually turning the crank . Regular FM radio and the weather band stations come in loud and clear , which in my remote area is not true of cheaper radios . The alert feature works very well also . This little radio kept us informed during some scary summer weather , even with the power out.As far as the phone charger goes , the adapter tip for my cell phone came in about 6 weeks . It does in fact charge the cell phone -LRB- veeeerrrryyyy slowly ... -RRB- Many minutes of cranking would probably get you enough juice to make a very brief call or send and receive several text messages . Not fabulous , but it would make essential communication possible in an extended power outage -LRB- if cell towers were working , anyway -RRB- .
 ... no need for them since analog is dead early next year . Great multi-function radio-light hand-crank device , but the flash light portion is really small in comparison to the overall size -LRB- light is about half the size of the smaller FR-150 -RRB- . Just ordered the cell phone tips AND connecting cord . The cell phone connecting cord is NOT in box like it is in the FR-150 . As you can tell , we have both models ; they are good complements for each other .
 This radio exceeded my expectations . It has everything I need for an emergency weather alert and the company sent the correct cell phone charger as soon as I registered the radio.I did n't find anything wrong with the material . Its just a hard plastic that you typically find on these products . Great Buy !
 I had this radio for a month and so far had excellent experience with it . They are taking their time sending me that Cell Phone charger though . I am not sure if they will ever send it but I will try to get a hold of them soon .
 This is not a radio designed for the audiophile . In fact , it really should n't be viewed as anything but a radio to be used during emergencies or for occasional portable use . That does n't mean it ca n't be used everyday , as I do , but it does mean your expectations should be relatively low.Audio quality is mediocre
 Product description says it comes with connection tips to recharge cell phones . It does not . One other reviewer said you have to call Eton to get such . After Christmas , I 'll give that a whirl and see what happens . Otherwise , it 's a good radio and the cammo version is much less expensive than the others though I 'm not sure why . Maybe the cell phone tips ????
 Great little product . Have not used it enough to test the battery life yet . Still waiting on the phone charger . It required sending in a card with the model of my phone . Would have made more sense to have a cigarette lighter receptical for this purpose so it could be used for more than just a phone charger .
 I use the most basic features of this radio and it works great . The color is nice , it is a small size and easily portable , to use in the garage or out in the yard . It comes in most handy when the power goes out and I can crank the charger to power the radio if I am out of batteries .
 Thirty bucks shipped ? Sold . It does exactly what they said it would . We have a fair amount of power outages due to older large trees in our neighborhood .
 Bright red , nice carrying case , multiple functions all make this a great emergency device . The hand crank with rechargeable batteries or regular batteries gives you many ways to have lots of power . The weather channel feature , TV channel feature and especially the cell phone charger feature are all must haves . I highly recommend this radio . It is also Red Cross recommended which is a plus . Buy it !
 I compared this radio with many others , and decided to go with this one . My decision was on mark , it is without question the `` best '' radio I have owned , and I 've owned plenty of radios over the years ! The standard AM/FM and TV stations are exceptional ... I live 65 miles from the stations and they come in crystal clear with great volume and no static . The weather channel is crystal clear and good volume . I love the option of using the rechargeable batteries that come with it -LRB- or using regular batteries -RRB- or , and I love this , the crank ... just a few turns of the crank and you have a flashlight , emergency flashing lights , siren , and all the radio stations ! What is better than that ?
 I love my little pink Eton . I initially got it simply because this radio was on my wish list but I justify the purchase . When it went on Gold Box Special I was less than thrilled with the color on the screen but got it anyway.Sooo glad I did . Love the radio . Really love the color .
 product was as described and shipped within time frame that was advised . I am very happy with the product I recieved
 I had these on my last Nissan Armada in 2007 through 2012 and 125000 miles and works great with no leaks or problems in all that time so I bought another set for my new Armada . I did not get the Armada that came with self leveling suspension so this is a great aftermarket cheap alternative . I bought a tee-piece so that I am only inflating one tube but puts equal pressure in both bags . When I am towing a full car trailer , it may not level the car fully even with 75 psi in the bags but is very close . It says max is 25 psi but I have never had an issue with way above that . Even towed a 9000lb travel trailer with them once.Hardest part is getting the bags into the springs , I warmed them up with boiling water first and it would have been easier if I disconnected the shocks but could not be bothered . still only took an hour . drilled 1 hole under the bumper that you can not see for the inflation valve -LRB- if I ever remove it -RRB- and that was it.Great upgrade for heavy loads for the price and you can swap from car to car if needed .
 I would like to say that it was a perfect fit for my honda accord . Although it is kind of hard to go wrong with a PCV valve.lol
 Shipped timely and packaged very well to insure from damage , easy installation and all hardware included , Good looking pipes , look and sound great on my Suzuki C90 T very pleased ,
 I bought this product to pul the flywheel on my Johnson 25hp outboard in order to tune it up etc. . Worked perfectly . BUY IT if you need a good one for the same purposes .
 It 's pretty much a generic tool . I have a Buick and it worked perfectly for me , not sure if it would work on other makes cause I never tried it on them .
 This is the best product I have used for my car . I have used Meguiar 's but results with those are not as good as Mothers products .
 My husband used this to wax my 1999 Miata and does it ever look beautiful ! He could not find it in the local stores and knew this product would make the car look great !
 Of all the bottles in the 3 Step System , this one makes the biggest difference . As a polish it is very mild and therefore more of a finishing polish than anything else . If you 're looking to remove difficult scratches , you 're probably better off using a stronger polish . The best part about this step is the Sealer/Glaze . It gives your car a beautiful `` like new '' shine that 's not too intense and products the paint . This product was easy to apply and remove as well . There might be better products out there , but for the price it will suffice for all but maybe top of the line show cars .
 I purchase this product and applied it . I skipped Step 1 since im applying it to a bnew car . After applying this product i can immediately notice the effect . It 's very shiny and Glossy . Now for my Step 3 i did not use Mother 's Carnauba but i used Mother 's FX Synwax and what a combination . I 'm really glad i tried this combination . It works with my car . I hope it last long . .
 Reason I bought this : I have been cleaning , claying , then waxing for awhile now . I own an 06 scion TC and pampered it with the steps above . but then tragedy ... minor scuffs from the kids getting out of the back seat . Careless people brushing their groceries/backpacks/fat butts against my freaggin car!after all the scuffs and scratches washing was the only real priority now , years later I look at my once gorgeous car and think to myself it still looks ... okay . then i miss that feeling of satisfaction of that wet/glossy look . I tried waxing which made the car shiny but the scars still remained , it only covered the lightest of scratches at most.Review : Then by looking up any new clay bar kits i happened to see amazon recommend a 3 step from mothers car care products . I didnt know about sealants , and after reading it i bought the whole kit and was surprised . step one cleaned well enough , but step 2 made those pesky scratches less noticeable , only I would see them since I know where they are . the deeper ones are still their but the glaze makes it so shiny its hard to focus on the scratches , which are usually the focus of a car . This is probably the best visual result from the 1-3 process.Tips and processClaying has to be key for it to work , so I think I like my 5 step process better . 1 wash/day 2 . clay 3 . mothers step 1 pre wax cleaner 4 . mothers step 2 sealer glaze and last 5 . Mothers step 3 California gold wax -LRB- if you arent a mothers fan for wax you can use any you like ontop of the glaze -RRB- Personally i like mothers wax , its shines well and easy to apply . I will wait to review the wax because I want to see its durability and water beading properties . I like it better than turtle wax paste , which i used years ago .
 After using Step 1 - Pure Polish -LRB- really a pre-wax cleaner -RRB- , I went on to this Glaze/Sealer . And boy does it make my car look REAL good!Although this polish wo n't cut harsh enough to remove swirl marks and scratches , it seems to `` hide '' swirl marks and make them less visible -LRB- possibly by smoothing out the microscopic edges ? -RRB- . Add to the fact that it doubles as a glaze/sealer , and it fills up the swirl marks and scratches . Scratches are still visible , but the edges are smoothed out and less visible from farther away . Swirl marks are still visible , but only up close and takes a tiny bit more focusing to see them . So , it does n't cure scratches or swirl marks very well , but what does it do best ? Enhance the color!This glaze makes the paint `` pop '' and adds even MORE depth , revealing long lost shades in some paint colors -LRB- in my case , Mazda 's Galaxy Grey Mica -RRB- . It brings out the color of the paint and makes you appreciate your car even more ! I feel like this glaze will be effective even on lighter colored cars -LRB- maybe not white ... -RRB- since it seems that darker colors seem to get all the love when it comes to detailing . ; -RRB- Believe me , after you do this step , you 'll be looking at your car from different angles trying to figure out how many different colors & shades you can find and how `` deep '' the paint looks.Well worth it .
 This is step 2 of the Ultimate Wax System and really all you need . You use Step 1 and Step 3 the next time you wash your car with soap you will need to do it all again . Just too much unnecessary work , time and money . You wash your car and use this sealer and glaze you not only get the wax and shine you want but also get those very annoying spider scratches that form out of the blue around your car . Keeps the shine , fixes scratches one bottle . Cant beat it .
 Since this product is designed to be used as a 3-Step system , along with the cleaner and carnuba wax , this review was also posted under the Step 1 and Step 3 products to help anyone who may miss one of the products ... I have a 1970 American Motors AMX with the bittersweet orange color which I bought new and drove until 1983 . Since then , the car has set under the carport , uncovered , collecting dirt and grime . Its only use has been to serve as our cats `` perch '' . You can hardly imagine how tired and run-down it looked . Truthfully , I was skeptical ... but a friend who does auto detailing told me to give the Mothers three-step product a try . So based on that recommendation , I ordered it through Amazon as it was not available locally . I was excited to see what the old buggy could look like.I soon found out one thing - This product takes a lot of rubbing . After rinsing the car off -LRB- it does n't run yet , so I just sponged it off -RRB- to get the worst of the grime off , then set to work with the cleaner . I also purchased the Mothers 4 Paint ball and used that in my drill along with lots of rubbing with some old fluffy athletic socks.First coat done
 I recently purchased this product and the results were great . I highly advise anyone looking for a reasonably priced sealer to check it out .
 I own a classic car and could not find this wax anywhere in the town I liver in . I had seen a car with the 3 part system done on it and it was just beautiful . When I got the wax I immediately started in on my car . My big black thunderbird now looks like showroom quality . I highly recommend this 3 part wax series . The prewax took so much stuff off my car , I could n't believe there was that much junk on the car . It takes some time to do all of the series but it is worth it !!!!!!
 Good glaze , good product . Brought out a very good look in my car and I would probably buy this again .
 I use it to wax my cars . It works great and smells good . The price is reasonable compared to other products . I use Porter Cable 7424XP and Meguiars 6 &#34; foam pads .
 If you liked the old ArmorAll , you 'll like this one better . The original formula was too runny . This one is a little more viscous so it does n't just flow like water when you spray it on something . I use it for the interior of my car.To keep it from splattering on the glass , I spray it onto a small sponge and then use the sponge to apply it .
 Armor-All is a miracle worker for tired , dried , old upholstery . It cleans , seals , protects , covers scratches , and makes leather and vinyl look new again . I 've been using it since the early 1980s , and highly recommend it . I use it on the seats , dash , inner doors , and even on the tire sidewalls . I 've also used it on leather and vinyl purses , an office chair , and leather book covers.Just spray , let it soak in , then wipe it off well . If you buff it , it does n't leave an oily residue or any odor . Do n't use it on any place that would be a slipping hazard , like floors , because it does leave a slippery finish.Try Armor-All and you 'll be amazed at how great your car seats can look !
 Used it to restore several faux leather chairs . Brought back a deep black luster to an otherwise tired , faded vinyl surface .
 What can you say about Armor-All that has n't been said . It does what it 's suppose to . You may however wish to try their gel product which goes on without the spray mess , and lasts longer .
 Geeez ! It only does one thing ! shines up your tires . I mean , how hard could that be . It works . buy it .
 I have always used this product on all my cars . This was a good purchase . I will definitely buy again .
 If you are n't paying shipping , you can figure the cost/ounce as well as the next person .
 I had recently purchaced a truck and , was doing research on seat covers ... I heard good things about Coverkings quality ... so , I took a chance . After a couple of weeks , I was notified that my seatcovers had shipped ... there was no tracking available ... about a week later , another email ... this time , they were double checking if I had ordered the correct covers ... -LRB- My toyota did have a few seat options -RRB- as there are no returns on custom seat covers ... even though I was VERY specific in my original order , I verified the order as correct ... two more weeks passed ... nothing and , no tracking to fall back on so , I emailed them inquiring about my order ... and my package was on my doorstep the next day ... they fit like a glove !! Neoprene seat covers are a little pricey but in my opinion , worth the wait !!!!
 If you have tires that are brown , this cleaner works great to clean off all the old built up gunk on them to make them nice and black again ! You can then put on a tire shine product after cleaning them and it will look a lot better than if you put that on a dirty tire . Or , if you do n't like the shiny tire look , just leave them clean for a great plain black tire look.I was using Simple Green before on my tires and there is no comparison ; you really need a specialized tire cleaner like this Mothers product . It really did clean off all the brown from my tires from built up tire shine products ! Highly recommended product !
 So far I 've used this so far on my all weather mats , inside wheel wells and on only semi dirty tires . I do n't feel this works very well on overly dirty rubber areas . Nor does it take off all the old dressing on tires.When used on semi dirty tires it leaves the tires with a nice natural look . Overall a good product .
 This is my favorite hand cleaner . It gets grime off your hands better than most , but the cleansing sensation is incredible . I want to clean my hands for hours ! I keep a tub of Poly Scrub at work in my locker , and when my friends ask me if they can use some of it , I tell them no because it 's expensive .
 I 've been turning wrenches for 37 years and this is by far the best hand cleaner I have ever used . There are plenty of hand cleaners that will do a good job of cleaning your hands but this one does that plus it leaves your hands feeling `` normal '' afterwards . In other words it moisturizes in just the right amount so as not to leave your hands feeling dry or oily . Plus your hands do n't smell like a petroleum product or a perfume factory afterwards . Really great stuff !
 My other half is an aircraft maintainer and needless to say comes home very messy with industrial grease and dirt . We could not wash it or scrub it out.But this stuff is amazing it gets everything off easy . My other half says sometimes they have it around the shop but he wanted some at home so he could ` clean everything better ' vs. just his hands at work as often you will get grease on your face or other parts of your body and you ca n't really take a full shower at work and feel comfortable.I would be interested to see if this product lifts stains from clothing . I have n't tried yet but I think that it would !
 Good price with super saver free shipping if you can wait the extra few days . Description was not clear that it was designed for an impact wrench but is easily resolved with a 1/2 '' extension on a socket wrench . Product worked as described .
 It works great ! It could use some better instructions as it came with none . Then again , I guess if you do n't know how to use it , you should n't be doing it . I found that using an impact wrench and tightening it just a bit allowed it to break the nut loose easier when the wrench was reversed .
 Took some trial and error to find the correct piece and amount of force to use on my particular -LRB- round -RRB- locking nuts . The kit includes * zero * instructions -LRB- Amazon , the product detail should be amended ! -RRB- . I watched a few YouTube videos on general locking lug nut removal and got an idea of what needed to happen . The first lug took the longest , after I got the hang of it , the pieces in the kit worked well.I did n't use pneumatic tools . I used a 1/2 '' socket , extension and a breaker bar .
 I bought this for my brother who has a 2008 Yamaha V-star , so this review is not actually a hands on review . The shipment was fast , and the product came in excellent condition . Quality was great , and they looked better even than the picture . Really , I do n't know what else to say as I 'm not using them .
 This scratch remover is great for small surface scrathes however do n't expect it to revove any scratches beyond that , no matter how many coats you apply . It works for what it was intended . Those small scratches around your door handle , usually made by fingernails , can easily be emoved . However those scrathes made by a ring may be too deep and will more thn likley not be removable . Good product and I give it four stars . Easy to apply .
 I have used Mother 's Scratch Remover for years on different cars and love the results . Fills in the surface scratch and when you follow up with a polish to seal it , the results are very good .
 I used it on some fine widespread scratches on the sides of my Mustang -LRB- the typical scratches due to careless people walking too close to cars and making scratches all over the place with their bags and purses -RRB- . It really helped to make them less visible . If you go really close you can see the scratches are still there -LRB- which I totally expected ... of course it can not re-build paint where it was scratched away -RRB- .10 stars , great stuff , even better than I had hoped !
 It took me a while to put up a review as I had no cause to use it . My Dad came to me with a 3 foot scratch along the side of his van . It looked like the ol trying to fit a shopping cart between the wall and the vehicle maneuver . The scratch was not deep , but it did go past the clear coat in spots . Following the instructions , I applied a bit and rubbed in different directions . It took the scuff mark off the van with moderate work . I would say it removed this a lot quicker than paste wax would and with less effort . Once the scuff mark was off , I could still see a mark in the clear coat which varied in depth . I continued to work on this . It disappeared in spots completely and seemed to repair the scratch back to original , but there were still areas that need more work . Before I proceed further , I will consult someone more knowledgeable than me just in case I do harm to the finish by working it too much . Do n't get the wrong idea , after using this product and putting a wax coat back on , it is pretty much disappeared , but if you know where to look , the deeper areas can still be detected in the right light .
 I searched high and low for the best deal for a new fuel pump . After 157K , my pump went out on my 2003 Avalanche . When I seen the price that Amazon was offering , I was quick to assume that this pump was a refurb . I check all of the local auto part stores that 's in my vicinity and the cheapest I found was $ 275 . Napa and GM sells this same pump for $ 399 . Well long story short , this pump is brand new . It arrived over packed with everything you need to install . The assembly was a breeze . Just attach the float/rubber seal and you 're ready for installation . Great Item ; Great Price ; Awesome Deal!Thanks Amazon !
 What was going to be a $ 800 charge at the dealership to install my husband was able to do this with the help of some you tube videos and after reading several blogs about what to do and not to do . All in all it ended up costing us about $ 250 with the part , tools and other small stuff needed to do the job and only about an hour and half to change it out . I have a 2002 Suburban Z71 . I was only two days without my main vehicle thanks to prime shipping . Thank you Amazon again for your superior service !!
 Pump works great and excellent price . It got really good ratings in other sites as well as here . Well worth it .
 After cleaning out the filter and putting it back together , it just didnt run right . I must have not noticed this piece fall out . So I dismantled it , figured out what was missing and ordered a new part . Now I 'm back to two clean and beautiful looking turtle tanks ! It 's amazing how significant one little piece can be .
 Bought the hitch and Allen bike rack for my jeep liberty . The Allen rack holds 4 bike and fits with the spare tire in place . the curt hitch allows me to put on the bike rack whenever I want to go biking and with a separate ball and hitch can haul anything in a small trailer .
 This is a very well made hitch . It did n't fit perfect at first . I had to use a hammer to `` open '' it on one of the ends and then it worked to perfection . I ca n't say if that 's a mistake of the car or of the hitch . I installed it on a Jeep Liberty 2006 and at the most it took me 30 minutes .
 When I first tried to install the hitch , I thought the bolts were the wrong size too . I tried to get a bolt started in each of the holes , no luck . I was going to run out and get some different bolts as the other reviewer mentioned , but I stopped at the Jeep dealer first and they confirmed they were the correct size . They told me to get a tap and clean up the threads . Lots of rust and mud in there from being open over the years . The tap started easily , but got a little rough about a 1/4 inch up . After that , the install took 15 minutes by myslef . Looks great , hides well . My only concern is the clearance between the spare tire and the ball when installed . May have to flip my hitch over when I actually try to hook up the boat .4 stars only -LRB- well , 4 1/2 -RRB- because it did n't come with a hitch cover ... really ? Had to go get one . Cost $ 3 . If you got rust like I did , you will need this to clean the threads up : Century Drill and Tool 97319 Hexagon Metric Tap , 12.0 x 1.25
 I bought these to replace my old rotors on my E39 BMW . I paired them with ceramic `` dustless '' brakes . They work perfectly and Im happy with the results . only complaint is that the rotor 's are showing superficial rust where the rotor meets the wheel . Again , Im very happy with the value .
 The bulbs are brighter & white ! They look good on the car , and as Acura Integra is not a tall car they do n't blind or confuse oncoming traffic . I can see further and better no questions asked , the only bummer is that one of the bulbs seems to have lost the gas for I it turns on but not bright just a dying dim light ... Luckily at this price I bought 2 packs of 2 .
 I purchased this pump to evacuate a bell jar containing plastics in a molding process . It is quiet , small , and just ideal to pump the gas out of the bell jar quickly . The two extra items I needed were a connector to mate the flexible tubing to the pump , and a vacuum gauge to tell me how the process was progressing . The connector and gauge were obtained through an automotive supply .
 this is a great product ! I would not recommend cutting out the tabs allowing access to the tie downs ring ; you loose your ability to keep fluids in place . this has been a great investment .
 I used this as a replacement pump for my '80 MGB -LRB- not keeping it original -RRB- - works great , though the mounting options are a bit limiting - you may have to use tie wraps or something . Could include some other diamater hose adapters , but it does n't , so you might need to make a trip to AutoZone to adapt to your existing plumbing .
 The Sudden Stop works as advertised ! The only problem I 've noticed is that , because mine is mounted on the tailgate of an SUV , when I open the tailgate it sets it off . This undoubtedly shortens the battery life . They should make a version with a replaceable battery .
 I agree that opening / closing of tailgate triggers SuddenSTOP way too often . Replacement battery will indeed be ideal . I even like how SuddenSTOP dresses up the rear license plate , it makes the plate look sophisticated . This is also way cheaper than the ridiculously-priced yet inertia-activated SafeLIGHT light bulbs -LRB- $ 148 for a pair ! -RRB- , obscene ! Check out SigmaAuto.com to see other accessories that convey messages to others and to protect your rear bumper .
 The fenders are great . Easy to install . The shipping left something to be desired . When received they werent wrapped so there were some scratches . There were also some crimps in the rounded edges . Fortunately , they straightened with a hammer
 This is what I expected . I 'm happy with the purchase . If I could do it over again I 'd probably get something I do n't have to worry about rusting fairly easy . This is a good way to get by if you 're interested in saving $ $ .
 If you need a bulb to mask the amber color when not in use , this is the product for you . It 's great too because it 's amber when in use which makes it legal .
 These are great if you have clear light housings and hate the look of an amber colored bulb in there !! I 'm a car guy and it seems trivial , but this detail really makes an impact . The only downside is the price .
 This is a pretty good quality cover that comes with functional straps . I do n't have a garage to keep the ATV inside and it has held up well to the snow and ice .
 Arrived promptly , reasonable price and gets a ton of comments . Perfect fit over my larger ATV and the attached tie down straps eliminate stops to reposition the cover mutiple times when transporting on roadways .
 again not dissappointed thru amazon this is my first year I hav ever ordered online for xmas gifts and boy was i happy that they were delivered as promised
 Fits my '08 Suzuki King Quad with oversized wheels perfectly . Nice thick material for the few summer months I keep the quad outdoors it has protected it well . Keeps off rain and vents excess moisture as well . Only trouble I have with it is that it 's sometimes hard to tell the front from the back , better labeling would be helpful in this regard . Also it 's apparently so cozy that a family of mice felt perfectly comfortable and moved in during a 1 month period I had the machine under wraps . Hmmmm .
 Have had mine for over a year and it 's taken a beating from the sun . It faded a bit but still provides great protection from the elements .
 This is my first Fel-Pro head gasket set I have ever purchased . I was a little worried about the quality because I was leaning towards getting a head gasket set from Ford . Well Fel-Pro makes a fine product apparently . All of the gaskets and valve seals are of very good quality and I think they should last in my straight six for awhile . I do not plan on selling this truck and plan to keep working it until the body rusts out . If by any chance one of the gaskets happen to fail , I will update this review .
 I was n't sure which A/C hub clutch installer/remover I need for my 96 ' Tahoe so I decided to pick up this kit . It has everything I needed to remove my clutch and install a new one . Now that I have the kit I can fix multiple different clutches for the A/C compressor .
 Ac puller kit works good , but the tools are all 1/2 inch too long for newer GM . On an 02 pontiac bonniville had to take the AC unit out to use the tool.The GM tool works without removing the compressor .
 The price ca n't be beat in stores , maybe on ebay , but barely , and i hate pay pal . I had it installed in fifteen min and most of that was spent getting the old one loose ... That way it spins itself tight ... Remember righty-loosy at least on my bimmer ... Fit the stock fan perfect too ... It is a bit closer to the belts if you have after market stuff jammed around in there . But great brand at a great price . German born 1991 M318i .
 Good fender . I use them to cover 33x10 .50 BFG ATs . They work well , are well built . They are the largest rounded fender I have seen and work well .
 Very nice flag given as gift to new Wisconsin resident which they liked , used , then sold at a yard sale to pizza delivery person when moving back to Da Bears country !
 They fit perfect . I thought the eye holes in the mats would snap on to the buttons on my floor-board but do n't - no big deal to me and they do n't slip or move around . The thickness of the mats are super nice as oppose to the ones VW supplies that I previously had to be replaced that came with the car . I plan to get my back floor mats replaced soon with the same brand , etc. .
 I bought these to replace the ugly `` holey '' pegs on my old Shadow . They look and feel far `` beefier '' than the old pegs . The chrome on the pegs and the extender piece plus the bolts looks to be supurb and heavy duty . But its winter here so I wo n't know how well it holds up to the elements until spring . However , the chrome on the U brackets leaves alot to be desired ... its thin , sometimes barely there , and I 'm certain it 'll be flaking off and allowing rust fairly quickly . Fortunately I do n't need the U brackets to mount the pegs on my bike . I 'll be trying them in a different application and hope I 'm wrong about their durability . Back to the pegs - - I 'm very impressed by the apparent quality of these pegs . Great chrome and rubber , seemingly tough construction , combined with good looks , -- I 'm Happy ! All this comes at a far lower price than the `` K '' brand . If you 're NOT building a bike for a `` Best In Show '' trophy , I 'm fairly certain you 'll be happy with these pegs.Gene A.
 I had these same pegs on my other bike and they work great . You can spend lots more but I have 0 complaints about these .
 Bought the hitch and Allen bike rack for my jeep liberty . The Allen rack holds 4 bike and fits with the spare tire in place . the curt hitch allows me to put on the bike rack whenever I want to go biking and with a separate ball and hitch can haul anything in a small trailer .
 This is a very well made hitch . It did n't fit perfect at first . I had to use a hammer to `` open '' it on one of the ends and then it worked to perfection . I ca n't say if that 's a mistake of the car or of the hitch . I installed it on a Jeep Liberty 2006 and at the most it took me 30 minutes .
 When I first tried to install the hitch , I thought the bolts were the wrong size too . I tried to get a bolt started in each of the holes , no luck . I was going to run out and get some different bolts as the other reviewer mentioned , but I stopped at the Jeep dealer first and they confirmed they were the correct size . They told me to get a tap and clean up the threads . Lots of rust and mud in there from being open over the years . The tap started easily , but got a little rough about a 1/4 inch up . After that , the install took 15 minutes by myslef . Looks great , hides well . My only concern is the clearance between the spare tire and the ball when installed . May have to flip my hitch over when I actually try to hook up the boat .4 stars only -LRB- well , 4 1/2 -RRB- because it did n't come with a hitch cover ... really ? Had to go get one . Cost $ 3 . If you got rust like I did , you will need this to clean the threads up : Century Drill and Tool 97319 Hexagon Metric Tap , 12.0 x 1.25
 This product is convenient and works well , but I got it for just over $ 9/bag -LRB- 50lb bags -RRB- at Home Depot .
 Energy Suspension 9.13119 R Round Style Tie-Rod End Boot - Pack of 2EXCELLENT STUFF , USED THIS ON MY PITMAN ARM THAT ONLY COMES WITH A FOAM WASHER , FIT FINE.BUY WITH CONFIDENCERagenRat
 I previously purchased the kc light set -LRB- came with 2 lights and the wiring -RRB- . After about 2.5 years we had to change our bumper on our pickup and the person re-installing the light forgot to tighten the bolts . Needless to say somewhere along the road it fell off and the tire smashed it to pieces ... -LRB- I would assume , I did n't feel it ... -RRB- I purchased the replacement light , it works fine but I do believe it is slightly different from the previous one I had . Somewhat pricey but you get what you pay for , its a good quality product that seems like it will last .
 Although I ordered ACDelco part # 45K0159 -LRB- for my 2001 Acura 3.2 CL Type-S -RRB- , I received an equally efficient replacement part ... the SPC adjustable -LRB- rear upper -RRB- control arm assembly -LRB- part # 67090 -RRB- . The SPC brand item is identical in appearance to what is shown in the picture for the ACDelco 45K0159 and I could not be more pleased . In comparison , the SPC brand item is $ 30 more expensive per control arm , so I saved myself $ 60 on the pair by purchasing the ACDelco brand ! This is defintely a quality item !
 I purchased this Metra 44-UA200 antenna for my 2007 Chevrolet Silverado Classic . It restored operation of my FM 1 and 2 analog radio bands after using the factory mast antenna to connect my added Peripheral HD tuner by iSimple for OEM radios , which had caused me to lose RDS and time setting features provided on the OEM radio analog band setting -LRB- the added HD band functions do n't provide RDS and the time feature provided on the factory radio 's OEM FM1 analog band -RRB- . This Metra antenna has a roughly 1 `` x3 '' box at its center . The ends extending from this `` box '' are a 1/16 '' thin electronics board looking material which appears to only be only somewhat flexible . Overall length of the antenna section is roughly 14 '' . The antenna `` box '' has a small red LED lighted when powered . It also has a short woven grounding strap , and a long length of antenna cable with an attached positive power lead bonded to it . The radio plug is standard Motorola . There are also three ample areas on the antenna section with adhesive for mounting.I used aMetra 40-GM21 Gm Radio Antenna Adapter with Barbless Connnectoradapter with this Metra antenna to adapt its standard Motorola connector to the OEM radio in my 2007 Silverado Classic - which uses the male `` mini '' antenna connector provided on the Metra 40-GM21 adapter.I wrapped the entire antenna in about a 1/4 '' of poly foam and used some duct tape to hold this in place . After removing the factory radio , I found a place just rearward of the center dash windshield vent and used a nylon cabe tie to anchor the antenna in place - totally hidden under the 2007 Silverado dash . I also drilled a small hole in a grounded bracket there and used a small eye `` crimp '' connector and screw to secure the ground.The Metra 40-GM21 adapter had a 90 degree bend I also removed , as a bend in the coax was not needed in my install - as such a bend , or a pinched cable , can severely degrade electrical performance of any antenna system . This was done by simply spreading the metal crimp , bending the tang straight , and crimping it back lightly to avoid any pinching of the coax cable on the adapter . *** NOTE *** Both theMetra 40-GM21 Gm Radio Antenna Adapter with Barbless Connnectorand theDeluxe Windshield Glass Mount Amplified Antenna Separate Ground Wireuse a small diameter coax that does n't have a lot of shielding or insulation . This can be a problem as it lends the cable more readily prone to interference and signal degradation from sharp bends or a pinched cable . Be sure to also run the cables away from electrical wiring . Parallel wiring of the coax with twist ties or tape to electrical wiring can induce interference into the antenna coax.Once I had the antenna and radio installed , I checked the performance . The antenna provided good signal for local FM without connecting the power wire for its amplifier . This was enough to restore my RDS and `` auto '' time setting features . The analog band AM was very weak by comparison . But , once the power wire was connected , AM returned to the analog radio band at roughly what it had been using the OEM fender mounted mast antenna - and my FM improved to the point of adding the more distant FM stations that had been previously provided by the mast antenna . The small internal amplifier of this antenna just helps overcome losses from its long and very thin coax - a good reason for connecting the short included grounding strap . A shorter and better shielded coax with a larger center wire would probably make the power wire un-necessary - especially considering the added adapter connection I used probably created a 3dB signal loss . Overall , I 'm pleased with this antenna and would recommend it , as it did exactly what I wanted and needed - and for the fact I was able to totally conceal it and still have very good performance using it.made in china
 I put an after market deck in my 2000 Monte Carlo about a year ago . The immediate downside to the project was the loss of AM reception . I used the adapter for the existing stock antenna , and tried two or three other after market antennas . This one finally did the trick.Here 's the thing , unlike converting to stock , or the other after market antennas I tried , this one plugged directly into the back of my JVC deck -LRB- no converter -RRB- . That may have played a role , but that point aside , this antenna performs better than the original deck ever did , or the decks in my other vehicles . I had it installed in about 45 minutes , after deciding where to position it and if/where to ground it . In my case , grounding made a huge difference in reducing static.I live about an hour north of Milwaukee and can now pull in Milwaukee -LRB- and Chicago -RRB- AM stations clear as a bell , and was actually listening to a station out of Eastern Iowa for kicks . I can finally listen to sports again !!! FM reception was n't an issue with my other antennas , and this one seems to pull in everything up and down the dial . Your mileage may vary , but I found this to be the perfect solution to my reception problem AND easy to install .
 Very good product . I used it in my 96 Impala SS since my factory antenna broke off . It works perfectly . Could n't ask for better reception . I tried it with and without 12v hooked to the antenna and I did n't notice a difference either way .
 Installed this antenna on my 1983 GMC truck . Pulled the instrument panel face off and slid it up under the dash . Works great . I did n't hook up the amp lead and it works fine . Screwed the ground into an instrument panel screw and it seemed to make a slight difference in clarity .
 Bought this antenna looking for something that would be inside the truck . The car wash I take my truck to forgot to remove my metal rod one and broke it off . I did n't want that concern in the future . I mounted it at the top of the windshield behind the rearview mirror . I was amazed to find that this new antenna worked much better than the old metal rod . I can tune in radio stations from neighboring cities and have absolutely no static with local stations in the greater Houston , Texas area.Only 2 negative things I could say . First , it does n't come with a detailed instruction booklet . I have been installing stereo equipment for over 22 years . I kind or know what to expect . The average Joe may not . Second , it would be nice if it came with a fuse also . There are no specifications given that told me what the power consumption was to properly protect the unit with and aftermarket fuse . I installed a 3 amp fuse and the unit seems to be working properly.Overall it was one of the best purchases I have ever made . Get yourself one and never worry again about breaking your outside antenna . You 'll be surprised and impressed with the new reception you get !
 I installed this on a 2003 Suzuki Aerio whose roof mounted antenna had cracked and deteriorated from age . Rather than remove the lining this antenna easily mounted on the front right -LRB- passenger -RRB- side of the windshield . I used the A-frame molding to route the leads down into the dash . It is a powered antenna so I jumpered into the radio power and was all set . Great reception ! A small red LED lights to let you know it 's functional . Great price and much less labor than I expected . Entire job was done in less than an hour and looks professional .
 This antenna worked very well and is un-noticable stuck on the windshield above the rear view mirror . I get more stations than i did with the factory antenna . I had to hook up the power wire unlike some people who reviewed this product . I got a good amount of stations without it hooked up , but it did a lot better hooked up properly . Very happy with the product .
 Works great , a little big , but I have a 94 civic that I use for commuting , so I 'm not too worried about aesthetics . Not hard to install , I just hooked up the antenna wire and power wire and left the ground disconnected sounds fine with no engine noise etc. ...
 Best amplified antenna I 've used and I 've used a bunch ! Would def . buy it again !
 I ordered this antenna to replace the original unit that was in my truck . I wired it up and it works perfectly . Before , every single station I got came in with static and sounded like crap . With this antenna installed and wired up , I can get every single station in crystal clear . I would recommend this to everyone!I saw a couple other reviews stating that they hooked it up without wiring up the 12v and ground because it made no difference . I tried it both ways and there was a huge difference with it wired up correctly . Sounded much clearer this way .
 I tried to connect other , more traditional antennas , and they did n't work . This antenna gets stations my other car can not .
 I recently had my windshield replaced , and immediately , my radio reception got really poor . I could n't even pick up the strongest AM station in the area . I found this antenna online , ordered it on Friday , got it on Monday . Five stars for shipping !! Unfortunately , when I opened the package , the plastic housing was in two pieces . I had to super-glue it back together . No installation instructions were included , but I had printed them from the website already , so no big deal . I mounted the antenna directly above my mirror and ran the cable to the back of the radio - it just barely made it , with about 2 '' to spare . Before connecting the power lead , I tried testing it , and my HD stations would not lock in , and I still could not get any AM station to come in at all . As soon as I hooked up the power lead , HD stations locked in quickly , and I was finally getting AM reception , although not all that clear . It was n't until I pulled me van out of the garage , I finally got AM station to lock in HD . Overall , I would say this antenna performs about the same as an OEM windshield antenna , but probably not quite as good as an OEM mast . If I had it to do over again , I would probably spend more money for a premium quality antenna . But , it served its purpose - I 'm getting reception again on stations that were very weak .
 This is a great replacement if you are going to get rid of you external pull type antenna . Now I 'm able to pick up more radio stations , even the stations that were faint before now come in loud and clear . One little issue I had was the double sided tape does n't stay put when its exposed to hot weather . This does n't affect the performance of the antenna in any way . It still gets 5 stars in my opinion .
 I installed this in a horizontal position which did quite well until the antenna pointed directly at the stations ... a vertical orientation probably would have avoided this issue.now that it is glued to the window hard to change the alignment.still it works pretty well giving me almost as good reception as my old antenna and much better than after the antenna was broken off .
 These lights have a multi faceted lens and a 55 watt bulb , they put out a nice broad flood of light , with an intense center spot . The bodies are plastic , so they wo n't rust . I have some mounted on a roof rack facing to the sides , like `` alley '' lights . So far , so good.These come in a kit that includes 2 lamps , a relay , split conduit , wiring , zip ties , etc. they are complete , but they do n't include covers . All in all , a great set of lights at a great price , and Amazon delivers them to your door quick and free . I 'm very happy with them .
 I must say , i love these bulbs!I had them in my 97 tacoma , they were amazing . People would flash thier lights @ me all tha time , when i only had my l0w beams on . They were also really great from blinding people @ night , they were just bright enough to annoy people when u were behind them.These bulbs are Great , i only wish i could find them for my new Truck !
 This product is just amazing . This does fit on the 2001 GS not only the RS.Before the Cold Air I was getting about 23 city and now I am getting 27 city . -LRB- I do not drive heavy and the rest of the car is stock -RRB- I did not get a Dino test to see how much power i gained but I can notice the difference.The sound is amazing at your high RPMs and is somewhat easy to install . If your installing this on a eclipse . PLAN TO RE-PROGRAM THE COMPUTER ! There seams to be a problem with the computers anytime you pull the battery so a heads up when you install this . That and mechanics will ask you about it if they open the hood of your car.This does come with the adapters to put your stock MAF in the line . -LRB- I did not find any information on that anywhere on here but it is in there . -RRB-
 If you have a Toyota with the rounded fenders this will fit perfect.The reception is very good and its a nice antenna . holds fine and hasseen a few car washes and has n't bent . I have mine installed on a 954-Runner and its perfect . 5 stars
 About one week after I got my license and began driving around my Toyota 1986 SR5 Pickup , I went through a drive-thru car wash without putting down my retractable antenna . SNAP ! For a year and a half , I visited every junkyard within a 40 mile radius of my house and never found a replacement part that would work . The main thing that made it impossible to find was the straight down base that was unlike any American , European , or Korean antennas.When the top part of the broken antenna finally broke off , I had had enough and then had the epiphany of looking for it online and there it was ! This antenna fit perfectly and I 've recommended it to a couple friends who ended up in the same boat I was in . My car looks good again and I can rock out on the go , too !
 I bought the antenna for my 1992 Toyota pickup . I had to grind down the plastic at the base to make it fit . It looks good and the quality is ok .
 Antenna broke on my 1999 Mercury Cougar . After replacing with this antenna my car radio sounds better than ever .
 Very good for cold AND warmth !!! Fits nicely . Just got mine and I am very satisfied :D would recommend to anyone
 I order this for my sister . she find it easy to breath and it 's light . with it 's adjustable flaps it fit almost anyone . the price is n't bad either . i would n't say good for motorcycling but hey anything slower is good .
 I tried a three jaw puller from my local parts store and it did n't do the job . After some research I found out I needed a specific puller for the harmonic balancer on my Dodge car . I ordered this puller set and it worked great ! I choose to purchase this set because it will work for several different applications and makes of cars and trucks making it a tool I can use in the future . This is a good quality tool .
 again not dissappointed thru amazon this is my first year I hav ever ordered online for xmas gifts and boy was i happy that they were delivered as promised
 Fits my '08 Suzuki King Quad with oversized wheels perfectly . Nice thick material for the few summer months I keep the quad outdoors it has protected it well . Keeps off rain and vents excess moisture as well . Only trouble I have with it is that it 's sometimes hard to tell the front from the back , better labeling would be helpful in this regard . Also it 's apparently so cozy that a family of mice felt perfectly comfortable and moved in during a 1 month period I had the machine under wraps . Hmmmm .
 Have had mine for over a year and it 's taken a beating from the sun . It faded a bit but still provides great protection from the elements .
 This was easy to install , and is exactly as expected . Minor inconvenience of needing to remove the the spare for installation , but the hitch does n't interfere with the spare once installed . Fortunately , I own the necessary tools for install . The only tool some people may not have is a torque wrench .
 First off - it looks great , nice mfg , great welds - awesome.Second - the color match to my Ford Explorer Sport-trac is near perfectThird - install is quick and easy.I DID however have a problem that slowed me up a bit - namely the bumper on one side was slide back just enough so that one of the brackets would n't mount . Loosening the 6 bolts -LRB- 4 under the bumper and 2 up next to the bracket location -RRB- of the offending side and bumping it back out a skoosh did the trick though and I was back on my way.As others have noted - there 's no need to drop the spare for proper install .
 I purchased the Curt receiver based on previous reviewer comments . I 'm glad I did . It was a great price for a great receiver . It installed in a very straight forward manner and I did n't even have to remove the spare tire . In addition , I found that it was rated for 6000lbs and 600lbs tongue weight with weight distribution hitch . I 'd recommend this receiver to anyone looking for once for their 2005 Ford Sport Trac .
 The hitch bolted into place just fine and looks great plus you do n't have to remove the spare tire to mount it . The only problem I had was the weld was too close to the through holes and would not allow the nut/lock washer set flat . I used a die grinder to cut some of the weld back to allow them to set flat . I would recommend it to another Sport Trac owner .
 This hitch is great . It is very unobtrusive , as it fits close to my bumper . It arrived in great shape , and mounted easily in under an hour . That included unpacking the box and gathering my tools . I did n't even have to drop my spare tire . As the previous reviewer mentioned , a torque wrench would be helpful since the instructions lay out torque specs for all the fasteners . I have one , and know that it is properly installed . Very happy with this product . It looks great and I 'm sure it will work great .
 short review on this one , not much to report really . It was easy to install in about a half hour and unlike some of the other SportTrac hitches , this one does not require you to remove the bumper bolts . I would highly suggest taking out the spare tire tho . Whether you are right-handed or left-handed , there is ONE BOLT on each side that is very difficult to get tightened . I 'm right handed , so I had trouble with the left side bolt . I had a friend hold the torque wrench in place and used my foot to push on it to the right torque . Other than that one bolt , the install was super easy and I could have done it by myself.It looks good , and is mostly hidden from view .
 This was a great buy for my explorer sport trac . I have used it to tow a rather large trailer to help my parents move and it did great . The piece it quality with good powder coating , and the install wasnt bad at all . Just remember to take out the spare tire . It makes the install much easier . I also had to loosen the bumper support and hammer it out with a 2x4 and mallet about 1/2 inch to get the drivers side bracket to fit . I think this might have had something to do with the previous owner either backing into something or someone hitting the rear bumper on the truck and pushing it in a little . I can see some scrape-age on the bumper skin . But after doing so the bumper lines up much better . So win win .
 With just a few bolts this hitch slid right into place and fit very well . It is great looking and leaves room for the spare .
 I got it yesterday at my job and once I got home I installed it . Easy to install , I have a 2005 Ford Explorer Sport Trac Adrenalin , it took me about 30 minutes to install . I do recommend this product . Oh yeah fast delivery .
 I was able to install the hitch in about 45 minutes . The only hassle was the bolt that goes through the top of the frame is not a carriage bolt , so it is hard to hold the bolt head while tightening the nut . Had the upper bolt had the same type of spacer and a carriage bolt like the lower mount does , I would have given the product 5 stars . Other than that happy with the product , price and the fact it is made in the USA .
 I bought my first set of Huskey Floor Liners back in 1997 for my new Chevy truck and feel in love with them instantly ; they look great in my opinion . Since then I have bought 3 other vehicles , Jeep Wrangler 2002 -LRB- new -RRB- , Jeep Cherokee 2000 -LRB- used/resold -RRB- , and a Jeep Grand Cherokee 2007 -LRB- used -RRB- . These floor mats are great when it comes to mud and snow , and I highly recommend them to anyone that is looking for quality and durability when it comes to floor mats . They are easy to install and they do not slip and slid on the floor board . You never have to worry about them interferring with the pedals on the drives side . And Amazon has them for the cheapest price that I have found , especially if you order them all ... front , back , and cargo ; you get free shipping . Not much more to say than I do n't think you will be disappointed if you buy these floor mats , they are worth the extra cost .
 I like it a lot and the fit is perfect . I was surprised that it 's closer to hard plastic than rubber . I would never describe it as being rubber , it 's plastic , but it 's still OK . Works well , so I 'm happy with it .
 This is my third Jeep Grand Cherokee since 1999 , and the the third time I 've bought the Husky Liners . They 're excellent quality , and do n't feel cheap . This cargo liner fits inside of the back cargo area of the Jeep . Amazon says that it does n't fit the 2005 - 2010 Jeep Grand Cherokee , but they 're wrong . I actually looked up the part number at the manufacturers website to confirm , and it fits perfectly.This is the back part , and is the largest of the three sets -LRB- front , middle , and cargo -RRB- . Because it 's so big , it is folded in half inside of the packaging . Just put a heavy box on one corner of it overnight , and it will lay flat from then on .
 Excellent quality product , Took it out of the box , layed it in the sun for about 20-30 mins to let it relaxand smooth out the folds from being rolled up in the box and when I went to lay it in the backof my 2006 Jeep Grand Cherokee , absolutly perfect fit ... I mean no kidding perfect just as if it camefrom the factory when I purchased the Jeep . The color , pattern and contours are just . . well perfectThe protection this offers is outstanding , once my mother saw this she had to have one for the back of hernew Lincoln MKX crossover , and my friend had to have one for the back of his chevy blazer .
 this is a great product , well made , sturdy steel fender looks good on my 16 foot trailer easy to install with a little welding know-how , price was very reasonable.shipping was exceptionally fast .
 does the job great . . worth the money . . great quality tools . . gets into tight places . . love the dinging tool . . a must have for body damage
 This cargo mat was delivered on time and exactly as described . Has nice high sides so it can catch a significant spill . I would recommend this product .
 The Husky Liners we bought are light weight and durable . They are very easy to install and fit perfectly into our Jeep . We also bought the floor mats for front and back . Great product !
 this is worth its weight in gold if you want to save yur interior carpet . great product , only thing its expensive ...
 After buying a new Jeep , this was the first purchase I made along with the Husky floor mats for the front and back seats . The material is super thick and durable and it 's essential if you have a dog or you haul anything around . I actually do n't know why they carpet the back of these cars in the first place ! It fits perfectly in the back with no sliding around an there is a couple inch lip that will hold any spills in . If I had one complaint , it 's that they do n't make one that covers up the back of the rear seats because my dog likes to lean up against them and it 's hard to get the dog hair out of that carpet . I have a little blanket rigged up that does the trick . Amazon also had the best price on this of anywhere I found , especially with the free shipping .
 I was thoroughly impressed with this product . At first upon opening I was not sure how I was going to like it because it came in a big box and was rolled up . It felt flimsy at first and not super sturdy , however once I unrolled it and put it in the back of my Jeep Grand Cherokee it was A PERFECT FIT !!! It was like it was made for my car -LRB- which they say it was ... -RRB- Thoroughly impressed , and would recommend to anyone !
 I ordered this for my husband and was very surprised at the quality . This is very sturdy and will definitely hold up on the front of a vehicle .
 Once again Hotbodies has hit a homerun . These flush mount signals are clean , bright and easy to install . Good price we compared to the other products on the market .
 These light work great fit like a glove in place of OEM turn signal pods . The only issue I had is that not enough wiring instructions for items . . had to figure out how to make the lights work with oem plug . . other than that gave a whole new look to the Yamaha R6 nice and sleek . . I 'm very satisfied with the finish product . . Mr. Canales
 Lights are pretty easy to install , and look way better than the stock lights . Only thing I did n't use was the splicing parts that were supplied . I used male and female quick disconnects instead . Just remember to get the relay for the blinkers . Unless you like that fast blink .
 Perfect little air valve caps to make your car , or motorcycle look cool . Great price , quick delivery.My Harley has a skull theme , and these little skully 's capped of the customization of my scoot.Very cool ; -RRB-
 I was able to install this setup on my 08 Ranger in less than 10 minutes . I took out the bolts closest to the front of the vehicle holding the bumper , loosened the other bolts on main support and removed the screw tabs . Next , I put the new hitch up in place with the spare tire still as is . The new hitch actually rested nicely on the side to side stabilizer bolts for the bumper . I was able to screw in the new hitch without any assistance and without much struggling . The hardest part was loosening the old bolts.This could EASILY be done by anybody with a socket wrench and half a brain.A + on towing . I loaded down a trailer today with the hitch in place . It appeared to distribute the weight efficiently and it actually seemed the extra weight of the trailer smoothed out my ride . Over all , I am very impressed.Don ' t forget to get a LOCKING hitch bolt , people seem to be stealing them off other peoples trucks these days . *** UPDATE *** Coming up on 2 years of owning the receiver . There is no visible rust or deformities in the receiver or any problems . I have n't used it all that much , but I 'd still stand by it as a solid product .
 After reading several reviews for older models of the Ford Ranger , I figured it would be a simple job to install . The hardest part was breaking the two bolts holding the bumper to the frame , after that is was a breeze.You only have to remove the rear bolts and loosen the front bolts that hold the bumper bracket to frame . Remove the rear bolt clips and then install the receiver . My sons helped with aligning and starting the nuts onto the provided bolts while I held the receiver in place . All required hardware was provided . I think the total installation time was about 30 minutes . I did not have to drill holes to complete the assembly , but I think other vehicle models may require this.It is well made with strong welds . Looks good with the rounded tube steel .
 Installed the receiver in about 30 minutes on my 2004 Ford Ranger . Fits great . Looks great . Quality/welds were excellent . Highly recommend product .
 Installed on my 07 ranger today , bolted right on . Had to take the spare off to give me some work room . To install , remove spare , loosen front step bumper bolts , remove back step bumper bolts and clips in the frame . use supplied washers nuts and bolts to finger tighten the hitch to the bottom of the frame . Tighten and put the spare back . some frames need to have the front hole drilled , mine didnt.This thing is made from a big beefy piece of bent tubing , awesome welds and paint . Dont spend the extra money for a reese hitch . This one is top notch in my book .
 A load binder or two makes install an easy 1 man , 30 minute job . It looks so much better than the square tube type , between that and the open receiver end , I 'm figuring that it will collect less road debris and be less likely to rust as well . Has no trouble pulling a trailer !
 The receiver is made with heavy construction and nicely finished , and included all the hardware needed . The instructions show a simple enough install where you just remove two existing bolts from the frame and fit the receiver , then drill two new holes using it as a template , something that should take 20 minutes or less with the right tools.Unfortunately for me , even though my truck was listed for compatibility , the factory tow hook was in the way and I could n't install the receiver without removing it . The tow hook is secured high up on one of the frame rails with three difficult to reach bolts , and also attached to a strut bolted to the bumper assembly with the bolt tack welded in place . Only once it was removed could I follow the original instructions and everything was fine , just took much longer due to the hook .
 My Curt 13138 Class III Receiver shipped fast -LRB- and free -RRB- . Installation on my 03 Ford Ranger Edge went very smoothly . There were 4 bolts holding the rear bumper on and I only had to remove and replace 2 bolts with the supplied bolts . I did need to losen the other 2 bolts holding the bumper so I could remove the speed nuts clipped to the frame for the 2 bolts removed . You may need to use a breaker bar to loosen the bolts . I held the receiver up and my nephew started the nuts on the bolts . After that I installed the other 2 bolts that fit perfectly through holes already in the frame . All holes on the receiver mathced up with the ones on my truck . The hardware kit included a set of spacers to make up for the bumper braket . Tighted up all 4 of the new bolts and the other 2 I loosened for the bumper and I had a strong receiver on my truck . Price was excelent , quality was A1 , installation a snap ! I 'm happy .
 Installation was a breeze , only four bolts . It sits under the bumper nicely . I have n't used it for towing yet , but it seems like it could handle anything that my 4cyl Ranger could .
 this is my first curt hitch . removing it from the packaging , it is a beast . very sturdy unit , tubular frame design , and looks like it will pull a mountain . the powdercoating should last a lifetime on this hitch . this unit bolts right up as promised . the written directions are a good guide , but the pictured direction is what you should use to install this unit . the written directions talk about using a spacer on the rear most bolt . you would think the rear most bolt would be closest to the bumper of your vehicle . nah . it 's the bolt towards the front of your vehicle . you have to lower your spare to install this hitch , but can real it back up into place once you 're done . this was the deal maker for me !!! once the hitch is installed , it looks great ! it sits about 3/4 '' under the bumper , and sits in about the same from the outside of the bumper . so if you do n't have a reciever installed , there is nothing for your knee to catch on walking around your truck . -LRB- mine installed on a 2003 ford ranger extended cab -RRB- i would recommend this hitch in a heart beat . simple install , great looks , and sturdy design . win-win-win !!!
 Bolting things up to an 11 year old truck can sometimes be problematic , but in this case not an issue . Curt delivered a nice looking , beautifully finished hitch that installed with no problems on my '99 Ranger . The instructions were model-specific and accurate , and it 's engineered in a way that required no drilling - it attached using only factory holes with the supplied high-quality hardware.The powdercoat finish on the hitch seems durable and well applied , and overall I suspect it will probably outlast the truck.Amazon 's deliver was * amazing * . With `` free '' Prime shipping , it was at my door approximately 24 hours after ordering , which is pretty impressive for a big , awkward chunk of steel .
 it fitted on with no problems . just make sure you lower your spare before you try to mount it .
 Ordered the receiver from Amazon and it arrived in two days . Thanks Amazon.I installed the receiver on my 2002 Ford Ranger in approx . 30 mins . Very easy installation.I did a YouTube search before purchasing to see what kind of job this would be . After watching the installation I knew that it wouldbe an easy project to complete.The Curt Receiver is a quality product . Looks great on my truck . It is styled so good I hardly notice it on my truck.I would recommend this product and I will purchase again from Curt .
 Easy installation of a very high quality product . Bolts to original holes without drilling . Round tube makes for a better appearance and stronger application .
 Bought this hitch recently . I confess that I have not used it , but I was very pleased with the quality of the welding and paint . It is capable of pulling more than my truck can , I am sure of that . I must confess that I never used Curt hitches before , but I will start there in the future . Also , a very conpetitive price .
 Was able to install on my 2002 Ford Ranger in about an hour . Getting the old rusty bolts off was the hardest part .
 Was able to do it by myself , in the yard in about 2.5 hrs . I used two jackstands to help . Good instructions .
 This is a good solid hitch for my Mazda B2300 . No big deal to install , basic hand tools . An extra pair of hands will help .
 Great price . Great quality . Great fit . I did zero drilling for my application and had it on in less than 30 minutes from start to finish .
 I looked over a bunch of hitches prior on deciding on buying this one . . It was a fair price and it got here intact . The hitch was quality made.Instructions were simple . No bolt holes to drill . Mounted right up . Did it by myself without help . . not that heavy.I noticed that the hitch does barely touch the spare tire at one point near the center but this should not be a problem in any way that I can see . I would pick this hitch again .
 I was extremely pleased with the quality of the product . Perfect welds , crisp powder coating & clear coat , spot on hardware & easy installation.All the holes lined up perfectly , the hardware fit perfectly and it only took me about 20 minutes.If you 're looking for one , this is THE receiver to buy !
 Hitch was very easy to install . The spare tire was in the way so I dropped it down installed hitch than I tightened spare tire . Works fine !
 I bought this receiver for my Ford Ranger and it was a quick and hassle free installation . It fit perfectly and appears to have a quality finish . The only issue anyone may run into with this installation -LRB- and maybe others -RRB- is with a bumper bolt which must be removed . Mine were rusted into the special Ford clip style nuts requiring cutting the bolt off and cutting the clip . It was n't much of an issue for me since I have a well equipped garage but others may not be as fortunate . Not the fault of the receiver but something one should be aware of when installing any hitch on an older vehicle . If it was n't for that , the hitch would have been installed in less than thirty minutes .
 This is a very easy hitch to install . It looks good and seems to be well built . It looks great on my Red Ford Ranger Edge Four Wheel Drive pride and joy truck .
 I ORDERED THIS RECEIVER TUES MORNING AND IT WAS DELIVERED THURS EVE.THAT IN ITSELF IS AMAZING -LSB- NOT MUCH THESE DAYS SURPRISES ME ! -RSB- THE RECEIVER IS VERY WELL MADE AND SEEMS TO BE POWDERCOATED SO IT SHOULD WEAR WELL.I INSTALLED IT LAST NIGHT NIGHT , TOOK ABOUT AN HOUR.I DID DROP THE SPARE DOWN TO INSTALL THIS -LSB- NOT REQUIRED -RSB- BUT IT DID PROVIDE A LITTLE MORE WIGGLE ROOM TO WORK AND GAVE THE OPPORTUNUITY TO CHECK CONDITION OF MY SPARE.THE INSTUCTIONS WERE IDIOTPROOF AND STRAIGHTFORWARD . I WOULD RECCOMEND THIS HITCH.PS REMOVING THE STOCK BUMPER BOLTS COULD BE TOUGH WITH A WRENCH SO USE AN INPACT IF YOU HAVE ONE .
 I liked the look of this hitch compared to the square tubing type . I also like that the round cross piece is welded closed where it joins the brackets . that makes it impossible to get water or mud or salt into the hitch . I beleive this design will last longer , without rusting out . This hitch was very easy to mount.The hardest parts are getting your bumper bolts loosened up to remove -LRB- 18 '' breaker bar did great -RRB- , and drilling two half inch holes in the frame . It took me about 45 minutes total . The hitch looks great too .
 Installed on my 1998 Ford Ranger XLT 4x4 with the factory Off Road package . Truck has 155,000 miles on it.First quality and fitment - absolutely beautiful , I could n't be happier . I will now regard CURT as a top of the line producer of such things . Very sturdy - hefty with great welds and beautiful powder coat . It even looks good on the vehicle!Installation time for me = 5.5 hours . I live in the rust belt and broke one 3/8 '' ratchet and one extension . I should have used a 1/2 '' socket set but you use what is on hand . A good deal of the time was consumed with rust fixing and painting . I always try to repair rust damage when working on a vehicle . In my case , I removed half a coffee can of rust with a welder 's wire brush . I used up a can of DupliColor Rust Fix and two cans of off brand enamel spray paint.The Off Road Ranger package means there is a tow hook on the passenger side that must be removed and discarded . There is no provision to use a factory tow hook with this receiver - it has to go :-LRB- . It took 3 hours to remove the two rear bumper bracket bolts and the four tow hook bolts even though they were pre-soaked with PB Blaster . The bolts came out creaking a groaning nearly all the way . The tow hook assembly is massive for a 3300 lb truck . I would n't grind the heads off the bolts -LRB- as some suggested -RRB- because you leave the bolt in the hole . Some bolts were in a recessed proximity and the fact that I do n't like doing things that way . Just a heads up if you are installing a receiver on an old rusty truck with the off road option.The Curt 13138 Class III Receiver is a great buy . My rusting 1998 Ford Ranger - not so much !
 Just wanted to write a short note about the ease of installation of this hitch . I have a Mazda B3000 that I needed the 2 '' receiver hitch to attach my bike rack . I have used the Uhaul hitches before , but the Curt MFG hitches are made with terrific quality . It is a very nice piece . Installation for this required no drilling for my truck -LRB- your mileage may vary -RRB- . I was able to get it bolted up in about 30 minutes . I had to remove two bolts that hold the bumper on to make room , but then they were replaced . The bumper was not ever actually removed . I will definitely buy from Curt MFG when I need my next hitch
 Replaced my broken sending unit in my 1988 IROC-Z . The unit is well finished and has a slightly different ground location which is an improvement over the stock unit as it will allow you to change the sending unit without replacing the whole assembly if it were to break in the future . It came with everything you could need , new sleve for the fuel pump , new sock , new o-ring for the sock , new gas tank seal with o-ring , and a small section of fuel line to replace the fuel pulsator . I tested the sending unit before installing and it works correctly ranging from 0-90 with 0 being empty and 90 being full on the fuel guage . We will see how the sending unit holds up with time , but it looks to be of good quality . Would recomend to anyone who needs a new sending unit .
 I really was impressed with the quality of this product and recomend it highly to others . It exceeded my expectations . This is a great seller !!!
 This moog part is great . Like all parts made in America by Americans by Union represented happy workers . Buy American , !
 I take this unit EVERYWHERE with me as my laptop is a power hog and trans-atlantic flights usually are much longer than my laptop battery will hold out . I have never had it kick out on me like the other reviewer had ... Overall it is a wonderful product ... compact , easy to use , and versatile . It provides 75 watts of output power , so as long as your laptop draws no more than 75 watts -LRB- which the vast majority dont -RRB- you will be all set . Easily 5 out of 5 .
 Purchased item to power my laptop over 22 hours of air travel between Alaska and North Carolina and back . Unfortunately , none of the three different types of planes that I flew on had outlets on the seat arms so the unit stayed in my backpack . While camping over a weekend on that trip I did find the adapter handy for use with an air mattress that needed to be plugged in in order to inflate . I was however disappointed that it would not power a 4 cup coffee maker that I brought with me.I have tested the adapter with my laptop and find that it works as designed . In airplanes that actually have power points in the arms of the seats , this product would be indispensable for laptop users on long trips .
 I bought this many years ago . I have switched to a Hybrid car which came with a 110V outlet . However , I remember with my previous car , this adapter is very useful to connect my laptop , GPS and so on .
 Included with the inverter is an airline adapter , which plugs directly into an airplane 's -LRB- American Airline -RRB- seat power receptacle , and an automobile adapter , which plugs directly into your car 's cigarette-lighter receptacle . I can go to any where with my notebook , this is a super best item , A + + + + + + + +
 Included with the inverter is an airline adapter , which plugs directly into an airplane 's seat power receptacle , and an automobile adapter , which plugs directly into your car 's cigarette-lighter receptacle.Includes 3-prong AC outlet , airline adapter , automobile adapter , and status indicator LEDs Air/auto DC-to-AC power inverter/adapter 75 watts continuous output power capacityAutomatic shutdown prevents car-battery drainage ; Built-in circuit protection guards your equipment against power spikes and surges.It is a bit large for travel , however , who could ask for anything more at such a great price ?
 This is an excellent brake cleaner and degreaser . Since releasing R-12 into the atmosphere is now illegal this is the best alternative I have found .
 As a professional mechanic , this tubing bender by Robinair is the the best one I have ever used . Although it is plastic -LRB- actually some kind of fiberglass/plastic combination -RRB- , it is surprisingly durable , and really works much better than several metal benders I have used before . Another review , by 71Camaroman , calls it junk , but if he will contact me , I will gladly buy it from him . Incidentally , I have used my current one several times a week for over three years , with no trouble whatsoever .
 I have 3 bikes , an '06 R1 , '01 GSXR 1000 , and a heavily modded '02 GSXR 600 . I was using a full synthetic that cost me over $ 100 per oil change , but switched to Motul 300V factory last year . The only reason I bought it at first was because of all the great reviews it got and because it was a fraction of the cost . After my first oil change with it my temp dropped 20 degrees F at idle , and 17 degrees F while riding ! I could immediately tell the bike was running smoother , especially when shifting -LRB- wet clutch -RRB- and when I put it on the dyno I gained nearly 3HP ! I ca n't describe just how good this stuff really is , you have to try it to believe it ! It uses a special technology using a double ester synthetic unlike any other oil out there , and is polorized making it magnetically ` bond ' to the metal . It ca n't be sheared or scraped off the surface once it 's on the metal , I had to wash my hands for nearly 20 minutes to get the stuff off!I also highly recommend Motul 's RBF600 brake fluid , and Redline Water Wetter for any bike or car whether it 's built or you just want it to last ...
 This is plain and simple the echelon of motorcycle oil . It is the best oil for your motorbike , do NOT `` save '' money on your vehicle 's oil ! The engine oil is a vital part of your engine 's longevity and performance , and this oil gives both . At around 65 bucks , I was able to use a bit less than half the 4 liters for my brother 's CBR250R , which means I have 2 oil changes with one bottle . The quality of this oil is simply amazing ! I changed my Ninja ZX6R 's oil a few months ago after breaking it in -LRB- with this same oil -RRB- , and the oil window still shows the oil as green as when I filled her up!The guy that sold me the bike at the dealership recommended I do the oil change AWAY from the dealership , as they charge you 100 bucks for an oil change and yet use a crappy oil . I bought the oil and a good filter from the dealership -LRB- to show my good faith :D -RRB- , and changed the oil easily at home . The bike runs SMOOTHLY and feels more powerful.I 'll use MOTUL oil as long as they remain the leaders in motorcycle oil quality and price ! I wish I knew of an equivalent oil for my car though ... Enjoy and keep the shiny side up !
 Owning my first Italian bike recently I always thought Italian bike owners where a `` different '' crowd . While that may be true , they are often times see the value in using a superior brand of product . I have owned motorcycles for 20 years and had never used Motul . Better late then never ! This is a great oil ! The bike runs cooler , even when stopped at long lights . The oil looks SO clean at 5000 miles you could swear it was fresh out of the can.All the best , Aaron Lephart
 Hi Im very happy to order Motul Oil from AMAZON.COM because very fast delivery.Motul Oil 300V 5W-40 I used for Honda Type Cup 110cc and 125cc witch we use for racing.last year we used local racing oil and the result less good , for this year I use Motul 300V Synthetic Motor Oil 5W-40 . And from the test result we have done a good result.Thanks for Amazon and Motul Oil.Best reagardPandu HandoyoHonda Taruna Racing
 I have always used this in my bikes just because I know it works and I like the smell of it.Anyone claiming a difference is full of it , or they just do not take very good care of their bikes . Oil tech has come a long way , but no one is going to feel a difference it all lubes the same way depending on the weight . I recommend changing your oil on how you ride and not just what your manual for the bike says . I race so I change mine about every 2-3k , but if I rode street would go the full 6k like the manual says.This is a good product , much like all the other big names , but this stuff does smell nice so that helps .
 Very smooth on shifting . Even no click when shift to first gear . Will keep on using it in the future
 I use it in my '08 Ducati 848 . This oil was recommended to me by a buddy who uses it in his Ducati . I also run a Scotts oil filter ... no problems to report !
 I am in Massachusetts and got this in a week . Its a lightish geen color , used 1.1 liters in my 1st pil change . ROde about 100 miles . with no issues . The prior owner who races bikes used it in the KTM dirt bike I bought . The bike has 1300 miles , with no issues and no metal particels in either metal strainer using 20x magnification to inspect the strainers . The bike had about 300 miles on it when I changed the oil bt remember that this is a dirt bike . 250cc
 As the title says
 best oil you can get , reduces operating temp , best protection for all conditions , i use this in both my 2004 ducati s4r monster and my 2012 yamaha zuma 125 , this product bond to the metal on a molecular level , virtually eliminating any dry start conditions , never a problem with over 36,000 mile on my ducati and still runs great
 Great oil to use for your bike . I 'm running it in an 03 VFR800 and it is great . I would n't use anything else in it .
 I only noticed a very slight difference in power from using this oil . It does keep my air cooled engine a slight bit cooler . Interresting green color visible through the oil sight glass . All things considered , it is rather pricey and I noticed more power using Rotella full synthetic oil .
 For those of you that need to grease rubber covered steering joints , this product is a must.There really is n't any other way you can grease my Polaris scrambler ATV fittings because there is no zerk fitting and the small rubber boot that covers them are snug . I tried with a q-tip and grease and it was a mess and I barely got any grease on the joints . For the price , you ca n't beat this item . Now I can give to good squirts of grease on them and the little boot fills right up.This needle screws on , it does not snap on . I have a generic gun from advanced autoparts and it screwed on perfectly . They are probably all standard sizes on the guns .
 I bought a standard mini-grease gun from Lowes and put this on it to grease my Speedplay X-5 pedals in order to avoid buying the over-priced specialty tool from Speedplay.It works great . The tapered end fits flush with the outer circumference of the grease port preventing any back-flow when pumping the grease in . It also works for fitting in tight places to grease parts such as derailleur pulleys .
 I ordered one of these resistors , first one did not work . Sent it back for a replacement . No stopping them , they sent me a replacement before I sent the other one back . Works GREAT . They included easier instructions than I found in my mechanics book !
 the ends were the screws go in are arent flat so you cant bend it because the bar will break other than that it was ok
 I installed this kit in a 2005 Dodge Ram truck with factory RBQ stereo . Note that the installation instructions do not advertise that the kit fits Dodge trucks , but do advertise that it fits the factory RBQ stereo . Installation was quick and easy , and everything works except for two issues
 If you compare these end-links to the OEM ones , you 'd wonder why these are n't standard . These are necessary with a stiff anti-sway bars and they 're greasable . One of those things you never think about or really notice , but take pleasure in knowing they 're installed .
 Product did what I needed it for . Does not look like picture described above . It is a small single box all mixed together .
 The 3M 05883 product seems to be the only thing to use for SMC repairs . I used it on a Jeep hardtop and it worked great , fast mix , sufficient working time and fast cure . I like the 50/50 mixing tubes but the toothpaste type tubes are thin , one cracked and leakedafter one use . Hopefully sealing in a bag will preserve it for another use since it is expensive.Repair results were great , an excellent product .
 I give it 5 stars on shipping -LRB- took 5 days awesome !!!!! -RRB- and the product , -LRB- sturdy quite heavy well built -RRB- but when I got it , I managed to pull it apart and 2 tiny pieces fell out and I found them and slapped it together and sliped it in and it 's great . Looks as new again ! hopefully will last . Will definitely buy again if I ever have to ... hopefully not
 If you compare these end-links to the OEM ones , you 'd wonder why these are n't standard . These are necessary with a stiff anti-sway bars and they 're greasable . One of those things you never think about or really notice , but take pleasure in knowing they 're installed .
 Delivered as promised . Performance gains and lower dB than most performance silencers . Quality built prduct . Would recommend.Good seller . Easy transaction and delivered on schedule . I would buy from this seller again .
 I got it to unscrew the caps from plastic 5 gal . military type gas containers that I could n't get off any other way . I had screwed the caps down pretty tight to keep them from leaking when laying on their sides in the trunk of my car . It works great for that.Just FYI I found a wrench on ebay made especially for the military gas cans so I do n't use this any more .
 definetely doesnt look cool but its made of seat belt type material and Im sure will hold up well definetely wouldnt be my only oil filter wrench but adds to anyones collection that works on multiple vehicles
 I havent had the need to use this yet but some of the guys at the shop were struggling with a big filter and this got it off looks cheap but i think it will do just fine .
 This product is perfect for Motorcycle filters which is what we use it for . Simple and effective . Well worth having in your tool box .
 I had a very difficult filter to remove on my boat engine . It was down in the bilge in a particularly hard place to reach . I 'd tried various other tools and filter wrenches but could n't get the darn thing out . I could n't even get to it in a way to drive a screw driver through it to get it off . This strap wrench made quick and easy work of the problem . Now I use it for everything . Just be careful , I could n't see that I 'd not only put it around the filter on my tractor but included a drip plate that was underneath the filter and twisted it off too .
 I have been using it a few times so far for charging a cordless drill battery . It is silent and runs cool . It beeps -LRB- warning -RRB- at times while the engine is not running . This probably is due to low voltage from the vehicle battery , since it wo n't happen when I am driving and charging . The manual says that if the input voltage is low , it will sound an alarm and when that voltage falls below the designed threshold , it will shut off the inverter for safety purpose . So far so good.FOLLOW UP
 This `` Pro Pad '' is just what I had hoped it would be . It was recommended to me by a fellow motorcyclist who had ridden long miles without any `` butt discomfort '' after riding for hours on the road . Apparently it is the same material developed by NASA for the astronauts . I love it . It is on my Gold Wing seat ; I already enjoyed it on a 620-mile one-day trip !
 What a difference . I will never buy a cheap file again . This one realy cuts fast , even after a lot of use on hard metal
 Been looking for these for work . Good price , folds away . Stainless steel . Installing these on two new trucks . Have them on the other fleet of trucks . Wo n't rust . Use as grab handles and steps . I had a vendor order these a few years ago . I could not remember where . Will have to bookmark Amazon for the future .
 I was looking for inexpensive old fashioned no resistor generic ignition coils to use in high voltage electronic circuits . Most on line searches only sent me to pointless car parts sites that inevitably asked the model and year of the car the part was for . Even entering some old economy car model and year would call up an expensive coil `` just made for your car '' . With the Amazon search , I simple called up ignition coil and had it list the parts from least expensive to more expensive . After wading through a number of hits for really inexpensive parts that happened to have the word ignition coil in them , I found this baby .
 Bought this through Amazon 3 months ago , and am very pleased with its performance . No idea how the flip-up face piece will do in a bad fall -LRB- thank you very much -RRB- , but the improvements over full-face helmets I have owned make it worth the price . Being able to keep my glasses on when donning/removing the helmet and being able to lift the faceplate while stopped in hot Florida traffic are both a plus.The helmet 's fit is excellent -LRB- Size M , 7 1/8 -7 1/4 -RRB- , the operation of the faceplate is easy wearing heavy gloves , and the finish is typical Shoei - superb . The selectable open/closed nose and temple vents work as advertised and , when open , flow enough air over the faceplate to keep it from fogging on cold mornings.The only negative I can find is noise
 This is a great helmet . I have had mine for almost 2 years now with no complaints . I really like that it has slots for glasses . Most helmets do not take that into consideration and Shoei did . I live in West Texas and was worried that it would be too hot in the summer , boy was I wrong . It moves the air quite well . It might be heavier than some other modular helmets , however the quality is there . It is a little noisier than a full face helmet . That is a trade off I was willing to make . You ca n't go wrong with this helmet .
 I have had this hemet about 1 year now . I bought it while living in Germany . I just laid my motorcycle down and this helmet worked perfect . It absorbed the impact and my head has never been better , wish my ribs were the same . I am going to buy another Multitec once I get my bike back up and running . My head is worth the cost !!
 I have had helmets for many years . This one is superb . An excelent product that shows how great design can improve life . I bought it for safety and function , discovered it was very beautiful -LRB- the Harley dealer folks loved the color , looks custom -RRB- and quite comfortable as well . Ca n't see how this thing could possibly be improved ! Another excelent experience from buying online .
 Shoei helmets are one of the best helmets you can get . I have no complains , the quality of this product is outstanding ! Here are some of the things I love of my Shoei helmet : > It comes with a kind of cover to install under the chin . This is great to help suppressing the noise which wind produces on the helmet . I even hardly hear the engine sound ! Also the helmet design itself reduces enormously the wind noise . > It has enough inner room for the `` legs '' of sunglasses -LRB- how 's the name for that thing btw ? -RRB- . Wear whatever sunglasses style you like , it wont be never uncomfortable on this helmet ! > The vent pads really works ! Once they 're open you can feel the wind coming thru your head ! > The helmet is really lightweight . It feels VERY comfortable ! > This Multitec version comes with flip-up front to become an open helmet . I love this feature , especially when I stop or when I need to talk to someone ; I open it and I feel `` free '' . Also , the front goes up and closes up very easily , even when wearing gloves . WARNING , never ride with the front opened !!! > My Suzuky GS 500 is black , so I bought my Shoei helmet black as well . It looks gorgeous ! : - -RRB- I recommend highly this product , it is really FANTASTIC !!! A + + + + +
 excellent !!! is an excellent product arrived in excellent condition and is beautiful and high quality.the color is perfectthank you !!!!!
 To say that I 'm pleased with this helmet is an understatement . I ordered the Matte Black helmet and a silver mirror shield and they look great together . The helmet is very comfortable and much quieter than the old Shoei RF 900 that I retired . I 'm looking forward to several years of use .
 I received the shift lever promptly & it seems great . Installation was easy . The only negative , there was no tightening screw , I had to use the old one .
 Fits perfectly , sometimes you dont know if after market parts will work out , but this product is fantastic !
 Bought this through Amazon 3 months ago , and am very pleased with its performance . No idea how the flip-up face piece will do in a bad fall -LRB- thank you very much -RRB- , but the improvements over full-face helmets I have owned make it worth the price . Being able to keep my glasses on when donning/removing the helmet and being able to lift the faceplate while stopped in hot Florida traffic are both a plus.The helmet 's fit is excellent -LRB- Size M , 7 1/8 -7 1/4 -RRB- , the operation of the faceplate is easy wearing heavy gloves , and the finish is typical Shoei - superb . The selectable open/closed nose and temple vents work as advertised and , when open , flow enough air over the faceplate to keep it from fogging on cold mornings.The only negative I can find is noise
 This is a great helmet . I have had mine for almost 2 years now with no complaints . I really like that it has slots for glasses . Most helmets do not take that into consideration and Shoei did . I live in West Texas and was worried that it would be too hot in the summer , boy was I wrong . It moves the air quite well . It might be heavier than some other modular helmets , however the quality is there . It is a little noisier than a full face helmet . That is a trade off I was willing to make . You ca n't go wrong with this helmet .
 I have had this hemet about 1 year now . I bought it while living in Germany . I just laid my motorcycle down and this helmet worked perfect . It absorbed the impact and my head has never been better , wish my ribs were the same . I am going to buy another Multitec once I get my bike back up and running . My head is worth the cost !!
 I have had helmets for many years . This one is superb . An excelent product that shows how great design can improve life . I bought it for safety and function , discovered it was very beautiful -LRB- the Harley dealer folks loved the color , looks custom -RRB- and quite comfortable as well . Ca n't see how this thing could possibly be improved ! Another excelent experience from buying online .
 Shoei helmets are one of the best helmets you can get . I have no complains , the quality of this product is outstanding ! Here are some of the things I love of my Shoei helmet : > It comes with a kind of cover to install under the chin . This is great to help suppressing the noise which wind produces on the helmet . I even hardly hear the engine sound ! Also the helmet design itself reduces enormously the wind noise . > It has enough inner room for the `` legs '' of sunglasses -LRB- how 's the name for that thing btw ? -RRB- . Wear whatever sunglasses style you like , it wont be never uncomfortable on this helmet ! > The vent pads really works ! Once they 're open you can feel the wind coming thru your head ! > The helmet is really lightweight . It feels VERY comfortable ! > This Multitec version comes with flip-up front to become an open helmet . I love this feature , especially when I stop or when I need to talk to someone ; I open it and I feel `` free '' . Also , the front goes up and closes up very easily , even when wearing gloves . WARNING , never ride with the front opened !!! > My Suzuky GS 500 is black , so I bought my Shoei helmet black as well . It looks gorgeous ! : - -RRB- I recommend highly this product , it is really FANTASTIC !!! A + + + + +
 excellent !!! is an excellent product arrived in excellent condition and is beautiful and high quality.the color is perfectthank you !!!!!
 To say that I 'm pleased with this helmet is an understatement . I ordered the Matte Black helmet and a silver mirror shield and they look great together . The helmet is very comfortable and much quieter than the old Shoei RF 900 that I retired . I 'm looking forward to several years of use .
 This shifter is great . It works just like it should , no slop . Provides very firm shifts . Instructions were easy to understand and installation was exactly as you 'd expect with no surprises . It does take a bit of work to remove the center console and get it back in with the shifter in place , but definitely is no harder than installing any other shifter . In my opinion there is n't a better auto trans shifter on the market .
 just bought nothing to complain about great price compared to other folding steps it might rust but it serves purpose well
 Bought this through Amazon 3 months ago , and am very pleased with its performance . No idea how the flip-up face piece will do in a bad fall -LRB- thank you very much -RRB- , but the improvements over full-face helmets I have owned make it worth the price . Being able to keep my glasses on when donning/removing the helmet and being able to lift the faceplate while stopped in hot Florida traffic are both a plus.The helmet 's fit is excellent -LRB- Size M , 7 1/8 -7 1/4 -RRB- , the operation of the faceplate is easy wearing heavy gloves , and the finish is typical Shoei - superb . The selectable open/closed nose and temple vents work as advertised and , when open , flow enough air over the faceplate to keep it from fogging on cold mornings.The only negative I can find is noise
 This is a great helmet . I have had mine for almost 2 years now with no complaints . I really like that it has slots for glasses . Most helmets do not take that into consideration and Shoei did . I live in West Texas and was worried that it would be too hot in the summer , boy was I wrong . It moves the air quite well . It might be heavier than some other modular helmets , however the quality is there . It is a little noisier than a full face helmet . That is a trade off I was willing to make . You ca n't go wrong with this helmet .
 I have had this hemet about 1 year now . I bought it while living in Germany . I just laid my motorcycle down and this helmet worked perfect . It absorbed the impact and my head has never been better , wish my ribs were the same . I am going to buy another Multitec once I get my bike back up and running . My head is worth the cost !!
 I have had helmets for many years . This one is superb . An excelent product that shows how great design can improve life . I bought it for safety and function , discovered it was very beautiful -LRB- the Harley dealer folks loved the color , looks custom -RRB- and quite comfortable as well . Ca n't see how this thing could possibly be improved ! Another excelent experience from buying online .
 Shoei helmets are one of the best helmets you can get . I have no complains , the quality of this product is outstanding ! Here are some of the things I love of my Shoei helmet : > It comes with a kind of cover to install under the chin . This is great to help suppressing the noise which wind produces on the helmet . I even hardly hear the engine sound ! Also the helmet design itself reduces enormously the wind noise . > It has enough inner room for the `` legs '' of sunglasses -LRB- how 's the name for that thing btw ? -RRB- . Wear whatever sunglasses style you like , it wont be never uncomfortable on this helmet ! > The vent pads really works ! Once they 're open you can feel the wind coming thru your head ! > The helmet is really lightweight . It feels VERY comfortable ! > This Multitec version comes with flip-up front to become an open helmet . I love this feature , especially when I stop or when I need to talk to someone ; I open it and I feel `` free '' . Also , the front goes up and closes up very easily , even when wearing gloves . WARNING , never ride with the front opened !!! > My Suzuky GS 500 is black , so I bought my Shoei helmet black as well . It looks gorgeous ! : - -RRB- I recommend highly this product , it is really FANTASTIC !!! A + + + + +
 excellent !!! is an excellent product arrived in excellent condition and is beautiful and high quality.the color is perfectthank you !!!!!
 To say that I 'm pleased with this helmet is an understatement . I ordered the Matte Black helmet and a silver mirror shield and they look great together . The helmet is very comfortable and much quieter than the old Shoei RF 900 that I retired . I 'm looking forward to several years of use .
 I work in a truck shop sets like this one on the matco and snap on trucks for three times the price have put pipes on this wrench for extra leverage and stubborn filters no problem at all fits most any thing i need it for and much better than having 4 different filter wrenches taking up room i dont have in my tool box a great buy
 I ordered 2 of these to mount to my winch bumper on the front of my bronco 2 and they work great i have pulled out numerous people with these and they hold up very well .
 this cruise control switch with a factory Ford part.it works as expected and it was an easy install for me .
 These switches were exactly like the OEM parts that failed after 100,000 miles . The replacement procedures were exactly as described .
 Motorcraft SW5924 Cruise Control SwitchThe SW5924 cruise control switch is actually composed of both cruise control switch components for 98-up Ford Panther cars , which include the Crown Victoria , Grand Marquis , and possibly the Marauder and Town Car.The original cruise control switch -LRB- the OFF button to be specific -RRB- started to work intermittently after 12 years of heavy usage . I use cruise control quite often and as a result , I often push the OFF button to shut it off instead of tapping the brakes . A few days ago , I pushed the OFF button and thought it shut off , until I noticed my speed was not decreasing when the traffic ahead was slowing down . I troubleshot the system and found it was a faulty switch.These replacement switches look the same as the original ones from my 2000 Crown Vic . However , they feel different . The switches are less tactile -LRB- more silent -RRB- and felt absolutely weird the first time I used the new switches . They work the same , they just felt different to me in a good way . They still do not light up like modern steering wheel controls -LRB- even though they are still used on very late model Crown Vics -RRB- , but Ford is to blame for that.Replacing the cruise control is simple in theory but absolutely requires a few essential tools . They include a quality T-50 Torx socket bit -LRB- 3/8 '' drive or '' drive -RRB- , a 2-jaw puller , blue threadlocker , 8mm socket , and a torque wrench.I do n't recommend doing the job yourself if you 're not comfortable with removing the airbag module . If you are intent on doing this yourself -LRB- which is an easy job to be honest -RRB- , I recommend you get a copy of the factory service manual for your vehicle and that you follow all safety and warning notices in the manual . An honest time estimate is about 1-2 hours , less if you figure out where and how to use the puller properly.Overall
 Bought this through Amazon 3 months ago , and am very pleased with its performance . No idea how the flip-up face piece will do in a bad fall -LRB- thank you very much -RRB- , but the improvements over full-face helmets I have owned make it worth the price . Being able to keep my glasses on when donning/removing the helmet and being able to lift the faceplate while stopped in hot Florida traffic are both a plus.The helmet 's fit is excellent -LRB- Size M , 7 1/8 -7 1/4 -RRB- , the operation of the faceplate is easy wearing heavy gloves , and the finish is typical Shoei - superb . The selectable open/closed nose and temple vents work as advertised and , when open , flow enough air over the faceplate to keep it from fogging on cold mornings.The only negative I can find is noise
 This is a great helmet . I have had mine for almost 2 years now with no complaints . I really like that it has slots for glasses . Most helmets do not take that into consideration and Shoei did . I live in West Texas and was worried that it would be too hot in the summer , boy was I wrong . It moves the air quite well . It might be heavier than some other modular helmets , however the quality is there . It is a little noisier than a full face helmet . That is a trade off I was willing to make . You ca n't go wrong with this helmet .
 I have had this hemet about 1 year now . I bought it while living in Germany . I just laid my motorcycle down and this helmet worked perfect . It absorbed the impact and my head has never been better , wish my ribs were the same . I am going to buy another Multitec once I get my bike back up and running . My head is worth the cost !!
 I have had helmets for many years . This one is superb . An excelent product that shows how great design can improve life . I bought it for safety and function , discovered it was very beautiful -LRB- the Harley dealer folks loved the color , looks custom -RRB- and quite comfortable as well . Ca n't see how this thing could possibly be improved ! Another excelent experience from buying online .
 Shoei helmets are one of the best helmets you can get . I have no complains , the quality of this product is outstanding ! Here are some of the things I love of my Shoei helmet : > It comes with a kind of cover to install under the chin . This is great to help suppressing the noise which wind produces on the helmet . I even hardly hear the engine sound ! Also the helmet design itself reduces enormously the wind noise . > It has enough inner room for the `` legs '' of sunglasses -LRB- how 's the name for that thing btw ? -RRB- . Wear whatever sunglasses style you like , it wont be never uncomfortable on this helmet ! > The vent pads really works ! Once they 're open you can feel the wind coming thru your head ! > The helmet is really lightweight . It feels VERY comfortable ! > This Multitec version comes with flip-up front to become an open helmet . I love this feature , especially when I stop or when I need to talk to someone ; I open it and I feel `` free '' . Also , the front goes up and closes up very easily , even when wearing gloves . WARNING , never ride with the front opened !!! > My Suzuky GS 500 is black , so I bought my Shoei helmet black as well . It looks gorgeous ! : - -RRB- I recommend highly this product , it is really FANTASTIC !!! A + + + + +
 excellent !!! is an excellent product arrived in excellent condition and is beautiful and high quality.the color is perfectthank you !!!!!
 To say that I 'm pleased with this helmet is an understatement . I ordered the Matte Black helmet and a silver mirror shield and they look great together . The helmet is very comfortable and much quieter than the old Shoei RF 900 that I retired . I 'm looking forward to several years of use .
 exelent product ... ... . good d dd
 Really well made product . Fit very good . Look oh so nice . Delivered quickly and safely . I would order again . These work so well , it 's a delight .
 Tracks and Hound are the only two Binaltech/Alternators toys that stay true to their G1 counterparts . This version of Tracks is blue -LRB- as opposed to the rubbish yellow one -RRB- and made of die-cast metal -LRB- as opposed to the all-plastic garbage that retails in the U.S. -RRB- . What more could you ask for ?
 Bought this through Amazon 3 months ago , and am very pleased with its performance . No idea how the flip-up face piece will do in a bad fall -LRB- thank you very much -RRB- , but the improvements over full-face helmets I have owned make it worth the price . Being able to keep my glasses on when donning/removing the helmet and being able to lift the faceplate while stopped in hot Florida traffic are both a plus.The helmet 's fit is excellent -LRB- Size M , 7 1/8 -7 1/4 -RRB- , the operation of the faceplate is easy wearing heavy gloves , and the finish is typical Shoei - superb . The selectable open/closed nose and temple vents work as advertised and , when open , flow enough air over the faceplate to keep it from fogging on cold mornings.The only negative I can find is noise
 This is a great helmet . I have had mine for almost 2 years now with no complaints . I really like that it has slots for glasses . Most helmets do not take that into consideration and Shoei did . I live in West Texas and was worried that it would be too hot in the summer , boy was I wrong . It moves the air quite well . It might be heavier than some other modular helmets , however the quality is there . It is a little noisier than a full face helmet . That is a trade off I was willing to make . You ca n't go wrong with this helmet .
 I have had this hemet about 1 year now . I bought it while living in Germany . I just laid my motorcycle down and this helmet worked perfect . It absorbed the impact and my head has never been better , wish my ribs were the same . I am going to buy another Multitec once I get my bike back up and running . My head is worth the cost !!
 I have had helmets for many years . This one is superb . An excelent product that shows how great design can improve life . I bought it for safety and function , discovered it was very beautiful -LRB- the Harley dealer folks loved the color , looks custom -RRB- and quite comfortable as well . Ca n't see how this thing could possibly be improved ! Another excelent experience from buying online .
 Shoei helmets are one of the best helmets you can get . I have no complains , the quality of this product is outstanding ! Here are some of the things I love of my Shoei helmet : > It comes with a kind of cover to install under the chin . This is great to help suppressing the noise which wind produces on the helmet . I even hardly hear the engine sound ! Also the helmet design itself reduces enormously the wind noise . > It has enough inner room for the `` legs '' of sunglasses -LRB- how 's the name for that thing btw ? -RRB- . Wear whatever sunglasses style you like , it wont be never uncomfortable on this helmet ! > The vent pads really works ! Once they 're open you can feel the wind coming thru your head ! > The helmet is really lightweight . It feels VERY comfortable ! > This Multitec version comes with flip-up front to become an open helmet . I love this feature , especially when I stop or when I need to talk to someone ; I open it and I feel `` free '' . Also , the front goes up and closes up very easily , even when wearing gloves . WARNING , never ride with the front opened !!! > My Suzuky GS 500 is black , so I bought my Shoei helmet black as well . It looks gorgeous ! : - -RRB- I recommend highly this product , it is really FANTASTIC !!! A + + + + +
 excellent !!! is an excellent product arrived in excellent condition and is beautiful and high quality.the color is perfectthank you !!!!!
 To say that I 'm pleased with this helmet is an understatement . I ordered the Matte Black helmet and a silver mirror shield and they look great together . The helmet is very comfortable and much quieter than the old Shoei RF 900 that I retired . I 'm looking forward to several years of use .
 Much cheaper here than at the dealership to buy . Installing it was a simple 20 minute procedure . The turn signals now work good as new.What else can I say about a replacement turn signal switch ? Wow , this sexy looking switch really feels good in your hand , and the distinctive click that emanates when you flick it with your fingers just gives you a good tingling feeling all over.Whatever . The thing works , it was cheap -LRB- ish -RRB- , and it was easy to install . That 's about it .
 This is an exact match to the failed part it replaced.New and in its original box.Thanks for having it available when Ford ran out .
 The ACDelco 45H0233 Professional Front Spring Set item does indeed include two springs in the box . These were installed in a fourth generation V8 powered Camaro , however there may be other applications as well .
 This jack was as good as , if not better than , the original jack that came on my trailer . It does take a good set of snap ring pliers and some coordination to replace it . It also comes with a new mount if you want to remove the old one and weld on the new one . My mount was not damaged so I left it on and just replaced the jack .
 Bought these to replace docking lights on my pontoon since it was easier to replace the lights than it was to replace the bulbs . New lights look good and work great .
 Bought this through Amazon 3 months ago , and am very pleased with its performance . No idea how the flip-up face piece will do in a bad fall -LRB- thank you very much -RRB- , but the improvements over full-face helmets I have owned make it worth the price . Being able to keep my glasses on when donning/removing the helmet and being able to lift the faceplate while stopped in hot Florida traffic are both a plus.The helmet 's fit is excellent -LRB- Size M , 7 1/8 -7 1/4 -RRB- , the operation of the faceplate is easy wearing heavy gloves , and the finish is typical Shoei - superb . The selectable open/closed nose and temple vents work as advertised and , when open , flow enough air over the faceplate to keep it from fogging on cold mornings.The only negative I can find is noise
 This is a great helmet . I have had mine for almost 2 years now with no complaints . I really like that it has slots for glasses . Most helmets do not take that into consideration and Shoei did . I live in West Texas and was worried that it would be too hot in the summer , boy was I wrong . It moves the air quite well . It might be heavier than some other modular helmets , however the quality is there . It is a little noisier than a full face helmet . That is a trade off I was willing to make . You ca n't go wrong with this helmet .
 I have had this hemet about 1 year now . I bought it while living in Germany . I just laid my motorcycle down and this helmet worked perfect . It absorbed the impact and my head has never been better , wish my ribs were the same . I am going to buy another Multitec once I get my bike back up and running . My head is worth the cost !!
 I have had helmets for many years . This one is superb . An excelent product that shows how great design can improve life . I bought it for safety and function , discovered it was very beautiful -LRB- the Harley dealer folks loved the color , looks custom -RRB- and quite comfortable as well . Ca n't see how this thing could possibly be improved ! Another excelent experience from buying online .
 Shoei helmets are one of the best helmets you can get . I have no complains , the quality of this product is outstanding ! Here are some of the things I love of my Shoei helmet : > It comes with a kind of cover to install under the chin . This is great to help suppressing the noise which wind produces on the helmet . I even hardly hear the engine sound ! Also the helmet design itself reduces enormously the wind noise . > It has enough inner room for the `` legs '' of sunglasses -LRB- how 's the name for that thing btw ? -RRB- . Wear whatever sunglasses style you like , it wont be never uncomfortable on this helmet ! > The vent pads really works ! Once they 're open you can feel the wind coming thru your head ! > The helmet is really lightweight . It feels VERY comfortable ! > This Multitec version comes with flip-up front to become an open helmet . I love this feature , especially when I stop or when I need to talk to someone ; I open it and I feel `` free '' . Also , the front goes up and closes up very easily , even when wearing gloves . WARNING , never ride with the front opened !!! > My Suzuky GS 500 is black , so I bought my Shoei helmet black as well . It looks gorgeous ! : - -RRB- I recommend highly this product , it is really FANTASTIC !!! A + + + + +
 excellent !!! is an excellent product arrived in excellent condition and is beautiful and high quality.the color is perfectthank you !!!!!
 To say that I 'm pleased with this helmet is an understatement . I ordered the Matte Black helmet and a silver mirror shield and they look great together . The helmet is very comfortable and much quieter than the old Shoei RF 900 that I retired . I 'm looking forward to several years of use .
 Made by Federal Mougal , a respected name in car parts . Item made in Mexico rather than China and seems to be of excellent quality . Came with all necessary hardware for installation.This part was for a Nissan 720 pickup and the the local car parts store could not get the one for the drivers side . The Moog brand is drilled so it fits either side .
 Those not too familiar with a CR500 should know that this also fits the 84 and 85 year models . I used it on my 84 and it works great !
 tiene bbuen terminado el envio fue rapido es el artuculo que se pidio al onstalatlofue correcto bien artuculo lo recomiendo altamente
 This is the 2nd time I have Purchased this product . I have installed it in 2 different motors and It perfroms flawlessly
 I have a 1998 Honda Accord whose mats keep pushing up to the gas pedal , creating a dangerous situation . I had previously used a more expensive and heavy duty mat clip set , but the carpet pin on one of them broke . So , I bought the Bell units to give them a try since the price was right.The pins seem thin , but went into the carpet OK . Trying to push them in at an angle under the carpet from the get-go did not work . I had to put them in at a 90 degree angle , and then change the angle pushing them under the carpet.I 've been using them for about two weeks now , and they seem to do the job . They are definitely not heavy duty , and I expect them to break at some point -LRB- I bought two sets assuming that would happen -RRB- , but they are currently holding the mats in place . If you are looking for an inexpensive solution to carpet mats that move , then give these a try.Update 12/13/2009
 These are awesome . They fit perfectly , were easy to put on , and they look great on my motorcycle.Highly recommend .
 I received the grips when expected , everything was in good shape . The install was easy , I decided to use different glue based on what I had read as to how fast the glue that comes with it dries . I used gorilla glue , just be careful and don &#8217; t use too much on the throttle side as the glue does expand . I would purchase from this seller again .
 Purchased these for my Honda VTX 1800 C . The grips have a very solid , well-built feel to them ; definately seems like a quality product . I am very impressed with the overall appearance of them - they no doubt add visual appeal to my bike . Although it is now too cold to go riding now , they appear to be comfortable . There are 2 small tubes of ` super glue ' - one for each grip . I was surprised how quickly the glue set ! I was almost unable to get both grips on the bike before it set . I recommend making sure each grip slides on the handlebar before actually applying the glue . Overall , I am very impressed with the grips and would highly recommend them .
 These grips are a great replacement to the stock grips . They are comfortable and VERY easy to install . It takes less than 10 minutes to install . They look great and feel great .
 If you are installing these grips on a Honda or any other bike with a plastic sleeve for the throttle ... be VERY careful . The glue that comes with the grips will dry instantly if you put it on the plastic as well as the grip . That means you will have a grip half way on that is stuck like concrete and have to work like crazy to get it off with acetone . Then you will have to order a single throttle grip . I love these grips , they make riding much easier . I did n't use the glue on the second go round .
 I bought these grips to get rid of some of the numbness I experience when on a longer motorcycle ride . They work GREAT !! Very easy to install as well on my Honda VTX . I read several methods of installing them , and I used double sided carpet tape instead of the super glue that comes in the kit . Take off the old grips , put one layer of carpet tape on the handle bars , wet the tape with a little mineral spirits , and the grips slide right on . I made a mark to reference where I wanted the grips before installing the tape , and let them dry overnight before using . Tape is working great , similar to golf club grip tape .
 Over all the kuryakyn ISO Grips are what you would expect . They look great . The chrome seems to be good quality and the combination of metal grips and rubber inserts provide good comfort along with good looks . It seems like you get a better feel with the way the rubber inserts are raised in the grip like little hills with the area in between the valleys . For my application on a Suzuki S83 there is no need to remove the throttle sleave which makes it even more simple to put on the grips.I only had to remove the old grips which came off pretty easy . A long blade screwdriver to get under the old rubber grips along with a shot of WD40 and they twist right off . Be careful when applying the new ISO Grips because they include a quick setting adhesive that will not give you much time to get them fully in place before it starts to set up.My clutch side slid on no problem onto the chrome bar . The throttle side was tight and caused some of the first rubber hump to bulge up . Knowing what I know now I think I would have just put on the throttle side with some dish soap as a lubricant like we did with our bicycle grips . after a day or so they set up nice and tight , and the dish soap gave you plenty of time to adjust the grip . The grips are good quality and you see a lot of bikes that use them and I found them here on Amazon at the best price .
 these are great grips and the price was right through amazon . easy to install as well .
 The grip looks great and an excellent match to the Kuryakyn pegs and break and clutch covers.The installation is really easy on my Honda Shadow Aero 2012 .
 Bought to upgrade my VTX 1800 stock grips , these really compliment the chrome look on the bike and feel much better on the longer rides . The rubber is raised up slightly so it provides airflow under the gloves and takes a lot of the vibration out . Installation wasnt bad at all , I did the wd-40 and a screw driver method to loosen up the old grips and the came right off , cleaned up the left over glue and slid these on with the included glue and they are solid as a rock .
 Instaled these on VTX 1300 R. Instalation was quick and easy , especialy with instructions provided . Was n't comfortable with using the glue that came with it , since it is supposed to be super fast drying . Used double sided tape . Grips feel nice , imrovement over original . very happy with the result
 The price I paid for these Kuryakyn ISO Grips Model 6240was the best I could find any where on line . The $ 52.40 was very fair and you ca n't beat the way that they feel on the bike.This vendor was also very prompt in shipping the product ASAP.Great experience !
 Item arrived quickly , just as described . The best price online for thesequality grips . They fit perfectly on my bike Thanks !
 These hand grips are great ! The chrome looks awesome and they seem very comfortable . Also the installation is not that bad so do n't let it intimidate you from purchasing them . It truly is as simple as cutting the old ones off and gluing the new ones on . Also keep in mind that there are tons of accessories for the ends of the bars that are awesome small upgrades to buy later . I would definitely buy these grips again .
 These might be a little too short for a 8 &#34; rear drop , but do perform well with a 5 &#34; rear drop . Not too stiff and not too soft .
 This works well . It 's easy , adjustable , and does what it was made to do . I would recommend it for travel .
 This item works great and when I 'm not using it I store it in my trunk with ease . Very sturdy and durable .
 Item ordered to replace lost Hanger . quality IS EXCELLENT Good Quality X M M M M M M M M M MM M M M M M M XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 This product is extremely sturdy as well as good value . I have had it absolutely filled with clothes on several occasions and more than met the task .
 This product is a dry clean saver . No more do I have to try and shove all of the dry clean hangers on the little nub my vehicle provides and pick up the clothes when the fall off . This is the perfect way to keep everything neat and orderly .
 There is a competing product available here for a good deal more money . There 's no reason to buy it . This bar is strong and well made , and looks good . The hooks fit right over the passenger grab bars and stay put . Rubber coated bar keeps hangers from sliding around and chattering as you drive.Recommended .
 Does what it is supposed to do except ... when extended in larger vehicles there is no rubber to keep clothes from sliding on one side . You can just hang clothes on the side with rubber but I thought I would point it out .
 Great product for the price - easy install in the back of Explorer and held all shirts / pants / a suit / several coats . Glad I made the purchase .
 this bar works just as promised , perfect for travelling . I used in the back of my SUV and have had no issues with it , I would recommend and even buy again if I needed another .
 STURDY BUT CLOTHES HAVE TO BE BALANCED ON EITHER SIDE EVENLY . HANGS ON THE TWO SINGLE CLOTHES CARRIER HOOKS ON BOTH SIDES IN BACK SEATOF THE CAR . IF YOU HAVE A CONVERTIBLE FORGET IT ... THERE 'S NO WHERE TO ATTACH IT . RUBBER SLEEVE KEEPS HANGERS FROM SLIDING . SO IF YOU WANT THEM TO SLIDE , IT 'S NOT GOOD . ALL IN ALL FOR MY NEEDS IT WAS FINE .
 We purchased 2 - one for Tundra double cab and one for RAV 4 . The Tundra 's back seat area is for my husbands `` office '' . He needed a place to keep rain gear , extra jackets and a change of clothes . It works great - hangers do n't slide around . The clothes bar in my Rav 4 keeps my gear neat and tidy - no wrinkles . It comes into view for my rearview mirror , but does n't block it completely . Good value for the money .
 well made with smart features -LRB- 2 ways of hooking , rubber to stop hangars from sliding ... -RRB- that make it effective
 I loaded this thing down with clothes moving from state to state and it is still very sturdy . Seems like it will last awhile ...
 Totally happy with my clothes bar . It fit well in my vehicle and held more then enough clothes to make my trip .
 My first Bell Automotive product and this Clothes Bar is constructed well and of good materials.The adjustment works great and the double choice for attaching is my main reason for the purchase .
 This is a great bar . It is easy to install and then to remove when it is not needed . It stays in place and is quiet when it is in use . There are no inside springs that make noise when they vibrate as you drive .
 Product works great on my 2002 Civic Si . I needed a rack to hang sweaty clothes on in car after my morning workout . Exactly what I was hoping for , very adjustable and works perfectly .
 We travel alot and this is a study , attractive clothes bar . I am thinking about buying one for our second car .
 Great product , holds up well , fits in any size car . No problems , easy to install , can double as a closet rod also .
 this item is the absolute best on the market !!! Not too many companies carry them and the ones that they do carry are cheap and flimsy . This one is strong and works right .
 This product really works well and carries a huge load ! I purchased one for myself and one for my parents !
 Overall , very satisfied with the cost , quality and apparent durability of the product . I am using it for travel in a 2012 Honda CR-V . The fit is good and clothes hangers stay in place with the addition of a 4 '' piece of `` slipnot '' wrapped around the exposed piece of chrome rod -LRB- the extension necessary in this expandable rod to fit my CR-V -RRB- . The only thing I would request improvement on is in the hanging mechanism in that these ends need to be `` rubberized '' of sorts in order not to slip back and forth on the handles on which they are placed on each side of the rear seats .
 I needed a clothes bar for commuting back and forth a lot . At target the cheapest one was 35 . I purchased this without much expectation , but 6 weeks later it still works great . It feels a little flimsy sometimes , but it still has exceeded my expectations .
 I have not complaints about this clothing bar . It 's good quality , it 's adjustable so it fits any car , and the price was right !
 We ordered this dash mat for a Ford Ranger . The color of the mat is a great match to the interior color of the vehicle and the fit is perfect
 Think about it . There are about 100 million ovulating women in the USA . Each month , unless impregnated , they pass an unfertilized egg spontaneously.The point is that the unfertilized egg is half of a potential fetus . Like the famous Monty Python song `` Every Sperm is Sacred '' , the bumper sticker illustrates that the point at which cells become a `` person '' is a matter of opinion.Not to fan the flames of the pro-choice/pro-life debate , but it 's obvious that some people believe life begins at conception , others at viability , yet others at detection of brainwaves or heartbeats , and still more at other points . Carried to the extreme , considering every unfertilized gamete to be potential life is not unimaginable.However , this is an unrealistic approach . It would be enormously impractical to salvage every one of those billions of annual ova -LRB- not to mention the many trillions of `` unused '' spermatazoa that are lost through nocturnal emissions and other means -RRB- . Leave aside the impossibility of the logistics of gathering all these cells . Where could they be stored ? How would they combined for fertilization and who would decide which egg gets which sperm ? Since there are millions of sperm for every egg , what would happen to the `` extra '' sperm ? Who would be forced to carry the zygotes to delivery , and who would raise the resultant children ? How would the world sustain such a staggeringly large and rapidly growing population ? Keep in mind the numbers above are only for the USA ; imagine the worldwide impact being about a factor of 20 greater.It 's unlikely that any rational people propose such an exhaustive program . But the whole abortion debate largely rests upon what criteria is used to determine life . To suggest that the difference between menstruation and abortion is slim is a contentious proposition . This bumper sticker is meant to provoke discussion and to challenge established opinions . In that regard , It may be a bit too subtle for some , but it is otherwise effective .
 product was exactly as described , prodct had a very reasonable price , part was shipped very timely , tracking was easy , part worked perfectly.would buy again
 Bought this through Amazon 3 months ago , and am very pleased with its performance . No idea how the flip-up face piece will do in a bad fall -LRB- thank you very much -RRB- , but the improvements over full-face helmets I have owned make it worth the price . Being able to keep my glasses on when donning/removing the helmet and being able to lift the faceplate while stopped in hot Florida traffic are both a plus.The helmet 's fit is excellent -LRB- Size M , 7 1/8 -7 1/4 -RRB- , the operation of the faceplate is easy wearing heavy gloves , and the finish is typical Shoei - superb . The selectable open/closed nose and temple vents work as advertised and , when open , flow enough air over the faceplate to keep it from fogging on cold mornings.The only negative I can find is noise
 This is a great helmet . I have had mine for almost 2 years now with no complaints . I really like that it has slots for glasses . Most helmets do not take that into consideration and Shoei did . I live in West Texas and was worried that it would be too hot in the summer , boy was I wrong . It moves the air quite well . It might be heavier than some other modular helmets , however the quality is there . It is a little noisier than a full face helmet . That is a trade off I was willing to make . You ca n't go wrong with this helmet .
 I have had this hemet about 1 year now . I bought it while living in Germany . I just laid my motorcycle down and this helmet worked perfect . It absorbed the impact and my head has never been better , wish my ribs were the same . I am going to buy another Multitec once I get my bike back up and running . My head is worth the cost !!
 I have had helmets for many years . This one is superb . An excelent product that shows how great design can improve life . I bought it for safety and function , discovered it was very beautiful -LRB- the Harley dealer folks loved the color , looks custom -RRB- and quite comfortable as well . Ca n't see how this thing could possibly be improved ! Another excelent experience from buying online .
 Shoei helmets are one of the best helmets you can get . I have no complains , the quality of this product is outstanding ! Here are some of the things I love of my Shoei helmet : > It comes with a kind of cover to install under the chin . This is great to help suppressing the noise which wind produces on the helmet . I even hardly hear the engine sound ! Also the helmet design itself reduces enormously the wind noise . > It has enough inner room for the `` legs '' of sunglasses -LRB- how 's the name for that thing btw ? -RRB- . Wear whatever sunglasses style you like , it wont be never uncomfortable on this helmet ! > The vent pads really works ! Once they 're open you can feel the wind coming thru your head ! > The helmet is really lightweight . It feels VERY comfortable ! > This Multitec version comes with flip-up front to become an open helmet . I love this feature , especially when I stop or when I need to talk to someone ; I open it and I feel `` free '' . Also , the front goes up and closes up very easily , even when wearing gloves . WARNING , never ride with the front opened !!! > My Suzuky GS 500 is black , so I bought my Shoei helmet black as well . It looks gorgeous ! : - -RRB- I recommend highly this product , it is really FANTASTIC !!! A + + + + +
 excellent !!! is an excellent product arrived in excellent condition and is beautiful and high quality.the color is perfectthank you !!!!!
 To say that I 'm pleased with this helmet is an understatement . I ordered the Matte Black helmet and a silver mirror shield and they look great together . The helmet is very comfortable and much quieter than the old Shoei RF 900 that I retired . I 'm looking forward to several years of use .
 This is my second review for this product . There were one small pouch of O-rings missing for the fuel injectors . Tiny mess us , contacted friendly , awesome customer service and had them in hand in a couple days . I recommend this company to everyone .
 Material is of an apparently decent quality , stitching is good , instructions are easy , and it shipped pretty fast for a custom item . There is a little extra material and it does not fit quite like I would want but it does fit very well and it looks great and feels great . Definitely worth the up charge over universal leatherette seat covers -LRB- usually $ 50 - $ 60 / seat in an auto store -RRB- . A note though , these smell very strongly of vinyl when they come out of the box . It goes away in a day or two but it would be worth letting them sit out unpacked for a day or two so you do not have to drive in the strong vinyl fumes for that same period.All in all , I am happy with them and am going to order the rear seat set as well .
 They looked fine to me . I never acually used them . I bought a new car . If you want these free just ask .
 Great build quality , excellent light pattern ! Looks great on my truck ... along with the day lighter driving lights . I would recommend this light to everyone .
 Bought this through Amazon 3 months ago , and am very pleased with its performance . No idea how the flip-up face piece will do in a bad fall -LRB- thank you very much -RRB- , but the improvements over full-face helmets I have owned make it worth the price . Being able to keep my glasses on when donning/removing the helmet and being able to lift the faceplate while stopped in hot Florida traffic are both a plus.The helmet 's fit is excellent -LRB- Size M , 7 1/8 -7 1/4 -RRB- , the operation of the faceplate is easy wearing heavy gloves , and the finish is typical Shoei - superb . The selectable open/closed nose and temple vents work as advertised and , when open , flow enough air over the faceplate to keep it from fogging on cold mornings.The only negative I can find is noise
 This is a great helmet . I have had mine for almost 2 years now with no complaints . I really like that it has slots for glasses . Most helmets do not take that into consideration and Shoei did . I live in West Texas and was worried that it would be too hot in the summer , boy was I wrong . It moves the air quite well . It might be heavier than some other modular helmets , however the quality is there . It is a little noisier than a full face helmet . That is a trade off I was willing to make . You ca n't go wrong with this helmet .
 I have had this hemet about 1 year now . I bought it while living in Germany . I just laid my motorcycle down and this helmet worked perfect . It absorbed the impact and my head has never been better , wish my ribs were the same . I am going to buy another Multitec once I get my bike back up and running . My head is worth the cost !!
 I have had helmets for many years . This one is superb . An excelent product that shows how great design can improve life . I bought it for safety and function , discovered it was very beautiful -LRB- the Harley dealer folks loved the color , looks custom -RRB- and quite comfortable as well . Ca n't see how this thing could possibly be improved ! Another excelent experience from buying online .
 Shoei helmets are one of the best helmets you can get . I have no complains , the quality of this product is outstanding ! Here are some of the things I love of my Shoei helmet : > It comes with a kind of cover to install under the chin . This is great to help suppressing the noise which wind produces on the helmet . I even hardly hear the engine sound ! Also the helmet design itself reduces enormously the wind noise . > It has enough inner room for the `` legs '' of sunglasses -LRB- how 's the name for that thing btw ? -RRB- . Wear whatever sunglasses style you like , it wont be never uncomfortable on this helmet ! > The vent pads really works ! Once they 're open you can feel the wind coming thru your head ! > The helmet is really lightweight . It feels VERY comfortable ! > This Multitec version comes with flip-up front to become an open helmet . I love this feature , especially when I stop or when I need to talk to someone ; I open it and I feel `` free '' . Also , the front goes up and closes up very easily , even when wearing gloves . WARNING , never ride with the front opened !!! > My Suzuky GS 500 is black , so I bought my Shoei helmet black as well . It looks gorgeous ! : - -RRB- I recommend highly this product , it is really FANTASTIC !!! A + + + + +
 excellent !!! is an excellent product arrived in excellent condition and is beautiful and high quality.the color is perfectthank you !!!!!
 To say that I 'm pleased with this helmet is an understatement . I ordered the Matte Black helmet and a silver mirror shield and they look great together . The helmet is very comfortable and much quieter than the old Shoei RF 900 that I retired . I 'm looking forward to several years of use .
 we replaced the back lighting on a 35K lb fork lift that sit 25 ' from salt water it 's whole life . No corrosion yet . we 'll see
 Recieved product in less time than alotted , Very fast response and Quick delivery . I have access to a Factory scan tool and knew I was going to have to program it . Was very impressed withthe fact that they spelled out numerous times it would have to be programmed by a dealer . And then it came with a 1800 card for further help if no one could read the disclaimers . I am VERY impressed by the level of professionalism shown by this company . Fob programmed and works fine ! 5 stars !!
 Bought this through Amazon 3 months ago , and am very pleased with its performance . No idea how the flip-up face piece will do in a bad fall -LRB- thank you very much -RRB- , but the improvements over full-face helmets I have owned make it worth the price . Being able to keep my glasses on when donning/removing the helmet and being able to lift the faceplate while stopped in hot Florida traffic are both a plus.The helmet 's fit is excellent -LRB- Size M , 7 1/8 -7 1/4 -RRB- , the operation of the faceplate is easy wearing heavy gloves , and the finish is typical Shoei - superb . The selectable open/closed nose and temple vents work as advertised and , when open , flow enough air over the faceplate to keep it from fogging on cold mornings.The only negative I can find is noise
 This is a great helmet . I have had mine for almost 2 years now with no complaints . I really like that it has slots for glasses . Most helmets do not take that into consideration and Shoei did . I live in West Texas and was worried that it would be too hot in the summer , boy was I wrong . It moves the air quite well . It might be heavier than some other modular helmets , however the quality is there . It is a little noisier than a full face helmet . That is a trade off I was willing to make . You ca n't go wrong with this helmet .
 I have had this hemet about 1 year now . I bought it while living in Germany . I just laid my motorcycle down and this helmet worked perfect . It absorbed the impact and my head has never been better , wish my ribs were the same . I am going to buy another Multitec once I get my bike back up and running . My head is worth the cost !!
 I have had helmets for many years . This one is superb . An excelent product that shows how great design can improve life . I bought it for safety and function , discovered it was very beautiful -LRB- the Harley dealer folks loved the color , looks custom -RRB- and quite comfortable as well . Ca n't see how this thing could possibly be improved ! Another excelent experience from buying online .
 Shoei helmets are one of the best helmets you can get . I have no complains , the quality of this product is outstanding ! Here are some of the things I love of my Shoei helmet : > It comes with a kind of cover to install under the chin . This is great to help suppressing the noise which wind produces on the helmet . I even hardly hear the engine sound ! Also the helmet design itself reduces enormously the wind noise . > It has enough inner room for the `` legs '' of sunglasses -LRB- how 's the name for that thing btw ? -RRB- . Wear whatever sunglasses style you like , it wont be never uncomfortable on this helmet ! > The vent pads really works ! Once they 're open you can feel the wind coming thru your head ! > The helmet is really lightweight . It feels VERY comfortable ! > This Multitec version comes with flip-up front to become an open helmet . I love this feature , especially when I stop or when I need to talk to someone ; I open it and I feel `` free '' . Also , the front goes up and closes up very easily , even when wearing gloves . WARNING , never ride with the front opened !!! > My Suzuky GS 500 is black , so I bought my Shoei helmet black as well . It looks gorgeous ! : - -RRB- I recommend highly this product , it is really FANTASTIC !!! A + + + + +
 excellent !!! is an excellent product arrived in excellent condition and is beautiful and high quality.the color is perfectthank you !!!!!
 To say that I 'm pleased with this helmet is an understatement . I ordered the Matte Black helmet and a silver mirror shield and they look great together . The helmet is very comfortable and much quieter than the old Shoei RF 900 that I retired . I 'm looking forward to several years of use .
 Because it has high quality and has a very good warranty and has a price that is lower than some low quality filters
 Great replacement product . The key blanks are set up so that you can cut the upper portion to use on your door locks if the door locks remain installed . Removing the old cylinder and inserting the new switch was a breeze . If needed , would definitely purchase again .
 Installed on 96 tbird , it took about 30 min . to do myself -LRB- first timer -RRB- with just a screwdriver . Works great and looks like original switch . Very happy with function and ease of install , plus how can you beat price ? Highly recommend !
 GREAT LOOKING DECAL FOR THE TOP STRIP OF WINDSHIELD . GOOD PRICE AND QUICK ORDER PROCESSING AND FAST SHIPPING . VERY PLEASED , WOULD RECOMMEND THIS VENDOR .
 Good gasket set . Materials used are superior to many sets I have seen.Gaskets are cut accurately and fit well .
 i just received my tip yesterday and had it installed . the box i received said that it was stainless steel and not chrome like the current description which has changed . the color is not dark black , it is a shiny chrome black color . it is much lighter then the picture .
 Does exactly what it 's supposed to even if it 's a little pricey for what it is . I put mine on the torn up dash of my 1988 toyota pickup and let it stay there for a few days to take shape without velcro'ing it down . after a few days I went ahead and pulled it tight with the included velcro pieces and it 's 1000 times better than the dash without the mat . The fit is perfect and even though it seems a bit much for a shaped piece of carpet , it 's the best deal I could find and there do n't seem to be any compromises in quality . Good luck .
 Bought this through Amazon 3 months ago , and am very pleased with its performance . No idea how the flip-up face piece will do in a bad fall -LRB- thank you very much -RRB- , but the improvements over full-face helmets I have owned make it worth the price . Being able to keep my glasses on when donning/removing the helmet and being able to lift the faceplate while stopped in hot Florida traffic are both a plus.The helmet 's fit is excellent -LRB- Size M , 7 1/8 -7 1/4 -RRB- , the operation of the faceplate is easy wearing heavy gloves , and the finish is typical Shoei - superb . The selectable open/closed nose and temple vents work as advertised and , when open , flow enough air over the faceplate to keep it from fogging on cold mornings.The only negative I can find is noise
 This is a great helmet . I have had mine for almost 2 years now with no complaints . I really like that it has slots for glasses . Most helmets do not take that into consideration and Shoei did . I live in West Texas and was worried that it would be too hot in the summer , boy was I wrong . It moves the air quite well . It might be heavier than some other modular helmets , however the quality is there . It is a little noisier than a full face helmet . That is a trade off I was willing to make . You ca n't go wrong with this helmet .
 I have had this hemet about 1 year now . I bought it while living in Germany . I just laid my motorcycle down and this helmet worked perfect . It absorbed the impact and my head has never been better , wish my ribs were the same . I am going to buy another Multitec once I get my bike back up and running . My head is worth the cost !!
 I have had helmets for many years . This one is superb . An excelent product that shows how great design can improve life . I bought it for safety and function , discovered it was very beautiful -LRB- the Harley dealer folks loved the color , looks custom -RRB- and quite comfortable as well . Ca n't see how this thing could possibly be improved ! Another excelent experience from buying online .
 Shoei helmets are one of the best helmets you can get . I have no complains , the quality of this product is outstanding ! Here are some of the things I love of my Shoei helmet : > It comes with a kind of cover to install under the chin . This is great to help suppressing the noise which wind produces on the helmet . I even hardly hear the engine sound ! Also the helmet design itself reduces enormously the wind noise . > It has enough inner room for the `` legs '' of sunglasses -LRB- how 's the name for that thing btw ? -RRB- . Wear whatever sunglasses style you like , it wont be never uncomfortable on this helmet ! > The vent pads really works ! Once they 're open you can feel the wind coming thru your head ! > The helmet is really lightweight . It feels VERY comfortable ! > This Multitec version comes with flip-up front to become an open helmet . I love this feature , especially when I stop or when I need to talk to someone ; I open it and I feel `` free '' . Also , the front goes up and closes up very easily , even when wearing gloves . WARNING , never ride with the front opened !!! > My Suzuky GS 500 is black , so I bought my Shoei helmet black as well . It looks gorgeous ! : - -RRB- I recommend highly this product , it is really FANTASTIC !!! A + + + + +
 excellent !!! is an excellent product arrived in excellent condition and is beautiful and high quality.the color is perfectthank you !!!!!
 To say that I 'm pleased with this helmet is an understatement . I ordered the Matte Black helmet and a silver mirror shield and they look great together . The helmet is very comfortable and much quieter than the old Shoei RF 900 that I retired . I 'm looking forward to several years of use .
 This arrived in about a week by parcel post . Instructions were included and it took about ten minutes to gather all remotes and program them all including the new one . It works as advertised and was a reasonable price .
 By far the best price I found on the net . Fast Shipping . Product was exactly as ordered . Easy instruction . Saved nearly $ 100 from what the dealer would of charged . I would highly recommend !!!
 Needed to replace broken key fobs these are just like factory ones and very easy to program with the included instructions
 I was real happy with the control it worked perfect . Instructions are easy to follow . Definetely would recommend it to any one . great price , better than dealer price .
 its very good kit use it couple times already , the only down fall is the fittings do n't have valves . but good kit
 This has most the fitting you 'll need , but I 've found that this kit does n't have the fuel pressure fitting for the plastic sherader valve on most newer GM 's . Does work with diesels also . When I get more use out of it I 'll update the review .
 When I raced , I gained more towing experience than most folks . This hitch was easy to install , and is plenty heavy duty .
 I needed to check operating pressures on a new build and this did the job perfectly . It could only be better if it had a longer hose that had steel braid , but then the price would not be so affordable . Anyhoo , it works great for me .
 Worked great and invaluable in setting up my 700R4 swap . The gauge , hose and fittings all met my expectations . Made me a more knowledgeable and took the mystery out of the swap . Also avoided costly damage to the transmission .
 I needed this to help me on my first 4L60 -LRB- 700R4 -RRB- rebuild , this was the best price I could find for this tool . Comes with multiple adapters to fit to test port on the transmission . I actually left it hooked up for several weeks while I straightened out some issues with the valve body . Not having used the more expensive ones I am not sure how this one compares , but I can say it served its purpose and without it I am not sure I could have pulled off the successful rebuild .
 It worked as expected for the auto tranny in my 2000 VW Golf -LRB- 01M -RRB- . Needed the higher range that this gauge provided -LRB- over , say , the Harbor Freight gauge -RRB- . Even the correct adapter for this application was included.The hose , gauge , and adapters seem sturdy enough to be used for years . Bottom line - one use and it has paid for itself -LRB- and should continue providing dividends -RRB- .
 Works as advertised . No problems . Plenty of adapters . Worked on my 1995 Jeep Wrangler .
 Pick this up for diagnosing a Honda CVT - it did exactly what I needed it to . It did n't have quite the right adapter -LRB- right size , wrong thread pitch -RRB- , but the metric ones that came with it are aluminum so I was able to sacrifice one of the three that size to get the job done .
 Have no fear , this is a high quality tool , suitable for professional use.Lots of adapters included . In fact , I bought another set of adapters at the same time to be sure I had the proper thread pitch metric adapters for VW/Audi use , and it turns out that there was no need . The proper adapter was included .
 I ordered this for my son when he was working on his truck . He said item worked very well when testing oil pressure .
 For any one that needs a pressure gauge set , this a very good set for the money . Worked fine . RON
 This was a really smart purchase for my needs . The gauge is accurate and responsive , threading the hose onto the fitting can be a bit fiddly as the hose has to turn with the fitting . The included adapters have -LRB- so far -RRB- met all of my needs -LRB- transmissions on Dodge Durango , Buick Regal and Honda Civic -RRB- .
 Hello , this tool arrived within a day or 2 , and is worth over $ 200.00 at a regular walk in store.i only paid $ 28.00 including shipping , i am very satisfied.only regret , it was supose to come in a wood case , i recieved a plastic case that looks like wood .
 I bought this gauge because is was the best price for this model gauge on the ` net.It came with many adapter fittings , which made it easy to connect to my transmission to check for proper pressure to set the TV cable . I would recommend this gauge . It has a 0 - 300 psi dial . The most pressure I applied was about 175 psi and gauge did not leak . I wont use this gauge much , but it will be useful for transmission diagnostic oil pressure testing .
 I bought this gauge to help me diagnose transmission problems and it worked great . One of the features is it 's 6 ' long hose that reaches as far as I needed it to and then some . It comes with a great set of adapters that make hooking it up a breeze and a pouch to store it all in . It is well built and is a great addition to my collection of tools .
 Works great for transmission pressure and oil pressure testing . The assortment of fittings it comes with are great but you may want to invest in some sealing tape for high pressure use , similar to that used on air tool fittings . For the price I have no complaints .
 The product worked as described . Nice supply of adapters as well . Good product for the price , and it arrived on time with no troubles .
 When you take care of the President 's vehicles only the best parts will do . Putco consistently produces the nicest accessories you can find . It is the pride of our company to showcase these beautiful automotive accessories on the most elite cars in the land.Thanks Putco!Jeff LaneyInternational Automotive Resources LLC
 Item was well made , but not the model I needed . The original description was not correct . The company gave me credit for the amount of the sale .
 What can you say except quality parts . You wont be disappointed if this is what you are after . Expensive but then again , its worth it .
 These gaskets worked great on my 2001 Subaru Legacy GT . The head gaskets have 3 layers of stainless steel and was of better quality than the OEM head gasket I removed . Surprisingly they were made in Japan . This does not contain head bolts , I reused my existing ones -LRB- which is fine on these Subaru 's , so long as the bolts are n't damaged -RRB- . The tightening sequence is : Step 1 ... 22 ft/lbsStep 2 ... 51 ft/lbsStep 3 ... loosen all 180 in reverse order of tighteningStep 4 ... loosen all an additional 180Step 5 ... . bolts 1 and 2 only 25 ft/lbsStep 6 ... bolts 3,4,5,6 132 in/lbsStep 7 ... tighten all bolts 80 to 90 degreesStep 8 ... tighten all bolts 80 to 90 degreesthe order is of the bolts is : TOP316524BOTTOMI used a Haynes manual and the web to guide my repair . I 'm not sure if I can post a link to the site I used , but google search
 If you are looking at this gasket set , you 've probably got the dreaded head gasket leak common to this era Subaru . FelPro did n't just punch out a generic head gasket for this set , they really did their homework . It is a coated MLS -LRB- multilayer steel -RRB- with a bonded sealing ring . The set is very complete with valve seals , o-rings and some gaskets I could n't even guess their function . Only have about 5k miles since rebuild , so I ca n't testify to it 's longevity , but I 'm hopeful it will outlast the car .
 All the gaskets are there that you should need . The only other one I would recommend would be the two bolt exhaust gasket since you may have to loosen and take off the header when pulling out the wngine . But other then that it had more gaskets than I needed .
 This set is very complete and of great quality . Also the price makes it appealing . Just make sure you get the proper set for your vehicle .
 It should n't be a big deal when something works and fits just as it is advertised to do , but we all know that it 's actually a rare occurrence . I did have to go to the Husky website to find the right size mat for my 2006 Ford Escape Hybrid , b/c Amazon 's `` will this fit my car '' application is not always accurate . Once I got mine , I did the same for my Dad 's Escape . These things are great . Open the box , drop it in , pull it out again to beat the sand/dirt/water / mud off it .
 Recently got a check engine light on our 01 Explorer Sport . Followed the straightforward instructions , and got the codes no problem . Installed the provided software , hooked the unit up to my laptop , and within seconds had the data downloaded and saved in a nice text report , both codes and freeze frame data . Used the update button , and both the software and the firmware on the unit were upgraded from the internet , no problems . This unit does exactly what it says it will , and does it well .
 The title says it all . Buy it , build it , enjoy it .
 OK quality , and little dust now that they are bedded in . These are OEM pads so you do need to work the clips at the back to get a good fit into the barrel of the piston
 This kit has all the bells and whistles for the 4160 holley carb . Changed the way my car performed greatly . Cant go wrong with this kit !
 well what can I say ... if any of you ever took a look into my Hon 's Car or our bedroom for that matter , it would appear to be a franchise of the Disney store ... if there is anything available for the car ... with Mickey on it ... My Hon has it.we actually bought this set , and the front ones for our Durango about 3 years ago , but when Hon changed out the car for the Altima , she moved them over to that , which suits me perfectly . so in short , they have already been used for 3 years or so , but by the look of it , it appears like they are nothing but a couple of days old , so I guess Hon may even have the pleasure of moving it to her Next car when that time comes.there is one tiny drawback with the mats , and that is it does not have the grips underneath like the original mats , so they have a habit of sliding on the carpet a bit , these are a bit small , and with the sliding , they sometimes gets all underneath the front seats but it is not that big of a deal , just bend down and straighten it once in a while and you be OK ...
 The Vintage Mickey Mouse Mats are perfect for the rear floor of my new car . They 're sturdy and thick and should wear well . And the Mickey emblem is classic , and would `` class up '' any vehicle !
 i would still do business with seller , but allow extra time for shipping . product was great . thank you
 YES I 'M SATESFIED WITH THE MATS , NOW I HAVE ALL THE MICKEY COLLECTION IN MY CAR.LOVE IT .
 Have had these on FX35 Infinity for about 6 months now . they are easy to care for and look fantastic . Great valueJim
 The smell is personal taste but I like this one . The size and price is the best part . Use the large size when washing the car at home and to refill the small spray I keep in the car . No chemical smell . A little in the carpet lasts a couple of days . Does what it is suppose to do at a good price .
 Bought this through Amazon 3 months ago , and am very pleased with its performance . No idea how the flip-up face piece will do in a bad fall -LRB- thank you very much -RRB- , but the improvements over full-face helmets I have owned make it worth the price . Being able to keep my glasses on when donning/removing the helmet and being able to lift the faceplate while stopped in hot Florida traffic are both a plus.The helmet 's fit is excellent -LRB- Size M , 7 1/8 -7 1/4 -RRB- , the operation of the faceplate is easy wearing heavy gloves , and the finish is typical Shoei - superb . The selectable open/closed nose and temple vents work as advertised and , when open , flow enough air over the faceplate to keep it from fogging on cold mornings.The only negative I can find is noise
 This is a great helmet . I have had mine for almost 2 years now with no complaints . I really like that it has slots for glasses . Most helmets do not take that into consideration and Shoei did . I live in West Texas and was worried that it would be too hot in the summer , boy was I wrong . It moves the air quite well . It might be heavier than some other modular helmets , however the quality is there . It is a little noisier than a full face helmet . That is a trade off I was willing to make . You ca n't go wrong with this helmet .
 I have had this hemet about 1 year now . I bought it while living in Germany . I just laid my motorcycle down and this helmet worked perfect . It absorbed the impact and my head has never been better , wish my ribs were the same . I am going to buy another Multitec once I get my bike back up and running . My head is worth the cost !!
 I have had helmets for many years . This one is superb . An excelent product that shows how great design can improve life . I bought it for safety and function , discovered it was very beautiful -LRB- the Harley dealer folks loved the color , looks custom -RRB- and quite comfortable as well . Ca n't see how this thing could possibly be improved ! Another excelent experience from buying online .
 Shoei helmets are one of the best helmets you can get . I have no complains , the quality of this product is outstanding ! Here are some of the things I love of my Shoei helmet : > It comes with a kind of cover to install under the chin . This is great to help suppressing the noise which wind produces on the helmet . I even hardly hear the engine sound ! Also the helmet design itself reduces enormously the wind noise . > It has enough inner room for the `` legs '' of sunglasses -LRB- how 's the name for that thing btw ? -RRB- . Wear whatever sunglasses style you like , it wont be never uncomfortable on this helmet ! > The vent pads really works ! Once they 're open you can feel the wind coming thru your head ! > The helmet is really lightweight . It feels VERY comfortable ! > This Multitec version comes with flip-up front to become an open helmet . I love this feature , especially when I stop or when I need to talk to someone ; I open it and I feel `` free '' . Also , the front goes up and closes up very easily , even when wearing gloves . WARNING , never ride with the front opened !!! > My Suzuky GS 500 is black , so I bought my Shoei helmet black as well . It looks gorgeous ! : - -RRB- I recommend highly this product , it is really FANTASTIC !!! A + + + + +
 excellent !!! is an excellent product arrived in excellent condition and is beautiful and high quality.the color is perfectthank you !!!!!
 To say that I 'm pleased with this helmet is an understatement . I ordered the Matte Black helmet and a silver mirror shield and they look great together . The helmet is very comfortable and much quieter than the old Shoei RF 900 that I retired . I 'm looking forward to several years of use .
 I love this cleaner ! Does a fantastic job with one swipe with out streaks and has a wonderful clean fresh smell . Great on shower doors , windows , stove top !
 A few years ago the NYT or WSJ did a comparison and this one came out on top . I really like it and my cleaning lady says it 's the only one she will use other than vinegar and water . I like the scent and it leaves NO RESIDUE !! Great product .
 I used this for my car windows and the bathroom mirrors . No streaks !! This stuff is AWESOME !! Throw away the Windex . This is worth buying , especially if you hate streaks !
 Shocked how well this worked . No haze or streaks , crystal clear and easy application and removal . Now I 'm looking forward to cleaning my windows . Goodbye Windex forever !
 My husband received a complimentary can of this glass cleaner at a car show and I was so impressed I had to purchase more ! Sprayway Glass Cleaner is the best ! I use it on my car windshield and it leaves it crystal clear . It is also an excellent product to use on your mirrors and windows in your home . You wo n't regret purchasing this product .
 This stuff makes it fun to clean your windows . It is awesome and does not streak and you do not have to use very much to make it clean well .
 I purchased a box of 6 of these and have found them to be an awesome product ! One can will last and last and last . I was watching `` Chasing Classic Cars '' on TV the other night and Wayne Carini -LRB- the host -RRB- was using Sprayway glass cleaner on one of the cars featured on his show ! If it is good enough for Wayne then it has got to be the best glass cleaner out there !
 This is a great product . There is no streaking ... yea ! They arrived quickly and exactly as ordered . This is the second time I ordered this product and will order again .
 I love this product and I keep it in stock . If you have glass tables or countertops and stainless steel products this cleaner should be on your to buy list .
 I puchased this product primarily for use on the shower door and it cleans better than any other product that I had previosly used . I know from past experience it works well on mirrors and windows .
 Will clean most anything - and wo n't leave streaks like Windex . An auto windshield replacement company first taught me about this product .
 I found an old can of Sprayway Glass Cleaner in my basement and decided to try it out on my living-room windows . I 've never had such clean windows and absolutely no streaking . It was very easy to use and even smelled great . I 'm now in the process of trying to find out how I can get more . I 've never seen it in stores , so I may have to order it on-line . I 'm now a believer !
 The item Sprayway is a great glass cleaner as I have tried them in the past . It removes even the hardest tar on any glass . Be aware though that when you order this here at Amazon that you DO NOT choose SHOWERDOORDIRECT as your merchant . I ordered April 17 and it is now April 27 and I still have n't received the product . Estimated delivery is on between April 23 and 26 . They emailed me a tracking number which did not work from day 1 and they already charged my credit card . I looked at their reviews and all the negative reviews about them are pretty much the same . Save yourself a hustle by ordering this from other merchants from the drop down list and DO NOT choose SHOWERDOORDIRECT . Peace !
 This stuff works like no other window cleaner . It does not streak and it does not smell bad . I love this glass cleaner . I am little anal about house cleaning , so take it from me , it 's good . It says its made in the US , imagine that .
 This is an excellent glass cleaner . I have also used it successfully on plastic windows and metal washing machines . I use it as a substitute for Miller-Stephenson MS-260 cleaner , which I find hard to purchase as an individual . I have no hard evidence that they are the similar products but they look , feel and behave in a similar fashion .
 I HAVE BEEN USING THIS PRODUCT FOR YEARS.I AM IN THE CAR BUSINESS AND KNOW NOT ALL GLASS CLEANERS ARE THE SAME.THIS ONE IS THE BEST ... ABSOLUTELY
 Sprays on nicely , no fumes and wipes clean ! Better than most other brands that I 've tried .
 I have a garage full of just about every automotive glass cleaner on the market , including a few that are used by windshield installation companies . Then I read on the miata.net forum about this product and thought I 'd give it a try . It is hands down the best glass cleaner I 've ever used ! It leaves behind no film and literally makes the glass disappear . I do think you need to use it on a cool windshield and out of the sun , either in a garage or in deep shade.The only negative is that it has a fairly strong initial caustic smell to it . I suspect since it actually has cleaning chemicals in it instead of relying on ammonia , that those chemicals create the initial odor . It dissipates quickly so not a problem . However , I would n't use this product in a closed car for more than a few minutes as I 've no doubt spraying it would eventually cause you to be a bit light headed.I 'm going to order another half dozen cans before someone decides it works too well and orders it removed from the market . Seems like every time something actually works , someone decides it 's not good for you and it disappears from the shelf . Although someone mentioned this stuff has been around for decades so perhaps my worries are misplaced but hey , ca n't go bad sitting on the shelf so I 'd rather stock up to be sure . A can of this stuff goes a long ways.My wife also tried this on the soap scum on the shower door - cut right through it but she was very sensitive to the smell of it . That may just be her way of getting me to volunteer to do the door from now on !
 Love this stuff , got my first can from a dealer years ago , he said it worked great on the carmats too ; that 's basically what I use it for ; getting dirt spots off my beige carpet/mats ... also great on leather and hard surfaces ; and of course glass ! Multi use !
 Sprayway Glass cleaner was recommended by a friend . She was so right in saying that it works the best of any that she 's tried . There are no streaks and the glass stays cleaner longer !! A winner in anyone 's book !
 I recently bought a 1999 4Runner that had some stubborn water marks on the rear windshield . I tried Stoner 's glass cleaner but without success . The glass cleaners that were specified as `` heavy duty '' water spot removers ran from $ 15 - $ 20 and I could n't justify that expense . I stopped by the local auto parts store and asked what they might recommend and they suggested Sprayway . I was skeptical since the cost was so much less than the so called heavy duty cleaners . I fully expected to be disappointed , but after trying it out , I have to say this is one amazing cleaner . The glass came out perfectly clean , no spots or streaks . Highly recommended .
 In addition to being streak free and economical this product works extremely well on all surfaces without harsh and destructive chemicals such as Amonia . It is very green friendly . We travel in a 45 ` moter home -LRB- actually it is a bus with 4 slides -RRB- and many of the surfaces require it as it is not CAUSTIC . ie The front cap and alluminum rims are covered with a protective film from 3M . This product is recommended by 3M as it has no Amonia or chemicals that will yellow surfaces . We have found it streak free and with no unpleasent odor . We use it on light fixtures , counter tops , marble floor , plastic reflective ceiling mirrors , sinks , stainless steel bar , and on and on .
 This has been my favorite window cleaner for years . NO STREAKS . I always use a miccro fiber cloth to apply . Lately I have found that it is much easier to purchase items on Amazon than going to the stores and not finding what you want .
 I not only use it for my windows and mirrors but also to clean doors , furniture , etc. . The bottles are not that big , so the package is actually a good size for residential .
 This is my second delivery and I am still as impressed by the product the second time around as I was the first time . Leaves your glass sparkling .
 I was very pleased with this product and will certainly be ordering more ! Thanks to my friend , Dawn , for recommending it to me !
 This is a great product and gets the job done . I read an outstanding review in a magazine . The can I purchased had a very dated 50 's look . I never would have bought it by chance . Looks like there 's a new container from the Amazon photo . Sure hope so because this is one glass spray that really works .
 I 've bought several different window cleaners for my car and all of them seem to leave streaks . EXCEPT THIS STUFF . I 'm glad I got six bottles . It 's AWESOME and actually does what it is supposed to do .
 Item performed as promised . Sprayed on , wiped off , no streaks and the windows are spotless!I actually enjoyed the smell too especially after inhaling a bunch while doing the front windshield interior . Still alive !
 Found this at Home Depot in New Jersey for 2.38 per 19 oz can in the cleaning supplies section , made my windshield squeaky clean . I stocked up on 5 cans !
 Great product ! No streaks like other window cleaners . Also , minimal use of paper towels . This product rocks !
 After complimenting my son on his sparkling garage windows he told me about this product . I decided to try it and was blown away . It never streaks , smells good and even cleans glass shower doors . I shared a can with my clean-freak friend & she called me to say she could n't believe it either . Great product - try it !
 I 've tried multiple glass cleaners after my first bottle of this ran out :-LRB- but sadly I have found no glass cleaner that works as well as this . I detail cars on the weekends and spending almost an hour just on the glass of the car is a sad waste of time . With this stuff its super quick . just spray , let it sit for maybe 10 seconds and wipe off . basically start at your windshield and do every window by the time your done spraying its time to wipe off . Super versitile and an amazing product . Im ordering 24 cans of this .
 For the longest time I have used Windex and complained about how much it would streak . A friend of ours recommend Sprayway glass cleaner . I was a little afraid to change but after all the frustration I decided to give it a shot . I actually do n't mind cleaning glass anymore . This is the best glass cleaner ever . Actually I have been so pleased with the Sprayway products that I have began using their Stainless Cleaner as well as the Furniture Cleaner . I will never again purchase any other product . I am suprised at how great these products are and yet you do n't hear much about them . If you have never had the opportunity give them a shot , they are the best !
 Bacon greasy flat top stove ? No problem.Dog nose prints all over the glass door ? No problem.Toothpaste on the bathroom mirror ? No problem.I used to think that Stoner was the best cleaner on the market , but I seriously can not wrap my mind around how well this stuff works .
 This easy , no scrub spray does it all for this house . Cabinet handles , window screens , and tires . Really useful stuff .
 I had a buddy that worked in a repair shop in my teens . They used this glass cleaner on every car . It is the best glass cleaner I 've ever used . It 's a single wipe with NO streaks . It also has a pleasant smell too.Cleans both home and car glass well . Will continue to purchase as long its made .
 I really like the professional-type glass cleaner and , until recently , purchased it through a local window glass retailer . The reason I was looking for another option is because they raised their price to over $ 6 per can -LRB- smaller can too ! -RRB- . After reading the reviews , I was convinced that Sprayway was a good substitute , and I was right ! This is the best glass cleaner you 'll ever use , and you 'll never go back to the blue stuff again!Highly recommend !
 I bought this product after reading all of the positive reviews on this site . Wow , I am happy I listened . I have very large glass windows around my house that I have never been happy with because of streaks , filming , etc. . Those days are over . With very little effort , this product GREATLY reduced streaks and filming and leaves windows looking almost brand new . I can not believe this product seems to be so unknown . It is a well kept secret I guess . Do not hesitate . The hype is true ! This glass cleaner is the real deal !!!
 A great glass cleaner that does ' t streak . Glad to find the item at a reasonable price .
 I mainly got this to clean my windshields in my car . I had a problem with grease from the windows from the interior . Stoner Invisible Glass even failed to remove the grease , it mostly just smeared and left HORRIBLE streaks all around my windshield -LRB- even after 4 attempts -RRB- ! Sprayway Glass Cleaner removed all the grease in just 2 tries ! I 'm thrilled to have found something that works , I 'm forever sold to this product for auto cleaning needs.I had one problem though ... 2 of the 6 cans had damaged spray nozzles from shipment . Difficult to use the damaged ones , but not impossible . i do n't want to go through all the hassle to return them , as they are still capable of use . Besides this shipment problem , I highly recommend this glass cleaner .
 This is the second order of Sprayway Glass Cleaner ; my wife uses it for cleaning all of our mirrors in the house , and I use it for our two cars , i.e. , cleaning the windshields , outer window glass and inner glass , as well as the rear view mirror . It 's great for not leaving residue and a `` blurred '' appearance on the surface .
 I simply love this product and have recommended it to all my friends . It does not streak and certainly does the job of cleaning any glass very sell .
 I have tried every glass cleaner on the market . This one is absolutely the best . My German Shepherd manages to rub his nose on almost every glass pane of our French doors . This product makes the cleanup a simple task . No streaks !!!!
 SPRAYWAY GLASS CLEANERI LOVE THE GLASS CLEANER AND HAVE RECCOMMENTED IT TO ALL OF MY FRIENDS AND HAVE SHARED SOME OF MY 6 CANS I ORDERED .
 Awesome . That 's really all that needs to be said . This is the best glass cleaner I 've ever used . It goes on a bit foamy so there is no liquid running down your mirror/window/etc . It 's streak free . Just a great product .
 I use this on everything - glass , mirriors , my car , house etc etc etc . Its a foam spray and the can works for a long time before it runs out . I find this to be a much better alternative to other glass cleaners like Windex . My glass is always cleaner , and it helps to remove more built on dirt quicker .
 It cleans so Beautifuly , one just has to use it to know . I wipe off the dirt first with damp cloth before the Sprayway so that I use less Sprayway and get the best clean window , glass table top and mirrors
 Never have I found a glass cleaner that was even close to the job this does . I will be buying more . . AAAA Plus product
 Awesome no more streaking excellent a friend had told me about this best window cleaner ever used I would Truly recommend this
 I have used this product for over 40 years ! I am so pleased that they still make it . My sources have changed over the years and our auto store just quit stocking it . I dont know why . I was thrilled to find it offered on Amazon . It is the best !!
 Best Glass Cleaner ive used yet . Better than Stoners Invisible Glass Cleaner
 OK . . so maybe I 'm like Monk on TV ... but I searched and tried all kinds of formulas for cleaning windows/mirrors . THIS product is amazing.There is just nothing even close . The first time you try it , you will know what clean/streakfree REALLY means . Try it and , even though it 's not the cheapest thing , you will NEVER go back to anything else . It truly is something to see ... I RAVED about this to everyone at work once I tried it . I 'd love to be a salesperson for this company ... because it is something i truly believe in .
 Getting oil off a windshield is the ultimate test of any cleaning product , much less glass cleaner . Most fail dismally . That 's because the majority of windshields have microscopic pits that retain the oil , so just a soapy action wo n't do.The alcohol in Sprayway is also a greasecutter and in the auto shop where I worked , this stuff got overspray , motor oil , sticker goo , and bondo off of glass in most cases with just a casual wipe . The stuff 's not cheap but worth it and the cans do freeze in extreme cold weather , -LRB- if you need an antifreeze glass cleaner use Zep # 40 -RRB- but Sprayway is effective & versatile . That 's why it has a rabid cult following !
 Stoner 's Invisible Glass WAS my favorite glass cleaner , but now it 's Sprayway 's Glass Cleaner . I 've been fairly satisfied with the Invisible Glass product , but today I was walking through my local Target store and saw this product and decided to give it a shot . WOW is all I can say . Yes , they sell it at Target for under 3 bucks . I found it on the cleaning supplies aisle , on the top shelf ! I 'm surprised more chain retailers do n't sell this product ! The performance of this product will satisfy even the most picky - trust me , I would know .
 By far the very best glass cleaner I have ever used . No streaking , no smears ! It foams , so you do n't have to worry about quickly wiping the product while cleaning . Leaves a perfect finish on windows , mirrors , any kind of smooth glassy surface . This is by far , one of the best cleaning products I have ever found .
 This is the best glass cleaner I have ever used . It cleans streak free with minimum effort . I have never been able to get the inside of my car windows clean without streaks showing up in the sunshine . This did the trick . I heard about this product on a household fix it type radio show . As usual , I googled it and sure enough , Amazon had it . Transaction was hassle free and product arrived in great condition .
 This is a great product for mirrors and windows ! Love it so much I buy in bulk . And the delivery was fast !
 We 've been using Sprayway Glass cleaner for 5 + years now . It cuts through the window krud very well and does n't streak at all . Those other popular window cleaner products on the market do n't come close to performing as well as Sprayway . It is tough to find ... we used to find it at Lowes , but it disappeared . Fortunately , I found it on Amazon when we ran out .
 We had this cleaner in our warehouse when I started working here 4 years ago . It was a great product . Eventually our supply ran out and our companies current suppliers did not stock it . I turned to Amazon and found it.This glass cleaner is simply the best . It is , as advertised , streak free and drys clean and clear . Our fleet drivers ask if I can supply them since it can easily clean that greasy interior film most carsa and trucks get.Buy this product . You wo n't be disappointed !
 I love this glass cleaner . I 've tried everything to clean my large windows and this is by far the best product I 've had . Very little effort is needed to create a streak-free window .
 sprayway glass cleaner is outstanding for normal cleaning . we have a hair salon . mirrors , windows , chairs clean fast , easy , no streaking . little buffing required.highly recommend . warner 's hair design . . huntington ct 06484
 I purchased this at Wal-mart on a whim . I have n't used foam glass cleaner for several yearsbut I remembered that I always like it . Once I started using this I was amazed ! I did n't want to put the curtains back up - your windows shine !! And for once a glass cleaner that advertised that is does not streak - actually does NOT streak !!! I have recommended to it to a lot of my friends . I will be buying it from Amazon in bulk !! I am glad they carry it !
 Okay so I started off with Stoner 's Invisible Glass , it works great ! But then I looked around and found out this product is cheaper -LRB- I got it at Target -RRB- and works better , so I gave it a go and it does!Smell
 The price was unbeatable and the seller shipped incredibly quick . As for the product , I truly believe it is the best glass cleaning product out there . Great foaming ability with a pleasant smell . Virtually streakless ...
 This stuff simply works ... and works well ! For years I have been trying to find a windshield glass cleaner that would actually clean your windshield and not leave streaks . Sprayway is that cleaner ! It not only cleans the windshield but it also cuts through the grease and oils that happen to be on the windshield as well and it leaves no streaks behind . Started using it around the house as well and it does wonders .
 My mother used this in her beauty shop when I was a child 40 years ago.I do n't think a thing has changed including the can !!! Just the very best glass cleaner there is to be had.I just ordered another 12 cans.Love it !!!!
 Just ordered more ... Sprayway Glass Cleaner - 6 Cans ... I Love this stuff the best class and mirror cleaner ... and I Love the smell ! ~ Will always buy this as long as it 's available ! ~
 This is , by far , the best glass cleaner I have ever used . I came upon it accidentally in a friend 's home and immediately searched to purchase it . It does everything it is supposed to do , but most of all , it does not leave a scummy film . The cleaner dries without any streaking . It also smells good ; it has that CLEAN smell .
 I 've seen immediate great results from using this product on my car windows ... My GPS device suction cup now sticks so well that I have to pick at it when removing it for storage . Previously with multiple cleanings of Windex and `` Clearview '' -LRB- an alcohol/acetone based window cleaner -RRB- The suction cup would soon loose it 's grip , usually while I 'm driving in rush hour traffic , so I would have to place my GPS in the cup holder area until I could find a place to stop and place it back on the windshield . Overall the product works the best out of any I 've used in the past -LRB- you should see all the others in my garage -RRB- no streaks , especially on the outside of the windshield where the road salts of the northeast often leave a smeary residue . Great inside the house too . You can see how clean the mirrors are when the sun shines on them at an angle . Only one concern ... I like the clean smell of this product , but it 's too strong for my wife when first applied .
 My little grandkids would leave tons of finger prints and sticky residue on my sliding glass doors . Decided to try this stuff as the usual window cleaner left nothing but streaks and that was with a lot of rubbing . This stuff is amazing . I love it and use it everywhere around the house . I 'll never go back to the drippy liquid spray bottle .
 Spray way is the best glass cleaner you can buy !! Multipurpose cleaner works on plastic and LCD displays plus mirrors.Excellent kitchen grease remover on stove top and Formica counters . . Amazing stuff !! The perfect cleaner !!
 This thing is so good and I 'm so happy I discovered it that I 'm gon na stock up on it just in case it disappears . Nice price too . I was getting so tired , literally , cleaning the interior side of the windshield of my cars that I had to do something . Discovered it on Amazon , never going back to Windex.In case you 're wondering ... each can holds 19oz -LRB- wow ! -RRB- of this awesome product .
 I have a habit of keeping my things extremely clean and shiny . I have a glass desk and whenever the sunlight would shine on the desk , I would cringe and pull out my Windex , only to cringe more because the Windex would streak and smudge . SPRAYWAY however , leaves no streaking or smudging , and leaves my desk extremely clean and fresh smelling . This stuff is pretty awesome .
 They do n't sell this cleaner anywhere near me . I love it ! It does n't leave streaks like the rest that are out there !
 This stuff is the best general glass cleaner period . I said `` general '' before others chime in about how their $ 15 bottle camera lense cleaner is better.It is vastly superior to Stoner and cheaper . Hope Sprayaway keeps the price low and does n't change the formula .
 This is by far the best ever . No streaks and is very good at getting those bumps of what ever off with out blurry streaking afterwards . I use it on almost everything that needs a good cleaning . Stainless is fabulous with this product .
 I heard about Sprayway Glass cleaner on a radio talk show and decided to try it . It works great . It is the first product that truly does not leave a streak on my windows .
 I was pleased to find these inexpensive but quality rotors as my old rear rotors were worn quite a bit and needed turning including inside the parking brake drums . These new ones cost little more than turning the old ones would have been.They fit well and everything lined up great and after almost 2 months of driving they are working perfectly.The only issue I had was the 2 screw dimples on one of my two rotors were n't quite deep enough so the screw heads stuck out a little . I tried new replacement screws from the dealer but had the same issue so I sanded down the screw heads enough to be about flush.A few tips
 Bought this through Amazon 3 months ago , and am very pleased with its performance . No idea how the flip-up face piece will do in a bad fall -LRB- thank you very much -RRB- , but the improvements over full-face helmets I have owned make it worth the price . Being able to keep my glasses on when donning/removing the helmet and being able to lift the faceplate while stopped in hot Florida traffic are both a plus.The helmet 's fit is excellent -LRB- Size M , 7 1/8 -7 1/4 -RRB- , the operation of the faceplate is easy wearing heavy gloves , and the finish is typical Shoei - superb . The selectable open/closed nose and temple vents work as advertised and , when open , flow enough air over the faceplate to keep it from fogging on cold mornings.The only negative I can find is noise
 This is a great helmet . I have had mine for almost 2 years now with no complaints . I really like that it has slots for glasses . Most helmets do not take that into consideration and Shoei did . I live in West Texas and was worried that it would be too hot in the summer , boy was I wrong . It moves the air quite well . It might be heavier than some other modular helmets , however the quality is there . It is a little noisier than a full face helmet . That is a trade off I was willing to make . You ca n't go wrong with this helmet .
 I have had this hemet about 1 year now . I bought it while living in Germany . I just laid my motorcycle down and this helmet worked perfect . It absorbed the impact and my head has never been better , wish my ribs were the same . I am going to buy another Multitec once I get my bike back up and running . My head is worth the cost !!
 I have had helmets for many years . This one is superb . An excelent product that shows how great design can improve life . I bought it for safety and function , discovered it was very beautiful -LRB- the Harley dealer folks loved the color , looks custom -RRB- and quite comfortable as well . Ca n't see how this thing could possibly be improved ! Another excelent experience from buying online .
 Shoei helmets are one of the best helmets you can get . I have no complains , the quality of this product is outstanding ! Here are some of the things I love of my Shoei helmet : > It comes with a kind of cover to install under the chin . This is great to help suppressing the noise which wind produces on the helmet . I even hardly hear the engine sound ! Also the helmet design itself reduces enormously the wind noise . > It has enough inner room for the `` legs '' of sunglasses -LRB- how 's the name for that thing btw ? -RRB- . Wear whatever sunglasses style you like , it wont be never uncomfortable on this helmet ! > The vent pads really works ! Once they 're open you can feel the wind coming thru your head ! > The helmet is really lightweight . It feels VERY comfortable ! > This Multitec version comes with flip-up front to become an open helmet . I love this feature , especially when I stop or when I need to talk to someone ; I open it and I feel `` free '' . Also , the front goes up and closes up very easily , even when wearing gloves . WARNING , never ride with the front opened !!! > My Suzuky GS 500 is black , so I bought my Shoei helmet black as well . It looks gorgeous ! : - -RRB- I recommend highly this product , it is really FANTASTIC !!! A + + + + +
 excellent !!! is an excellent product arrived in excellent condition and is beautiful and high quality.the color is perfectthank you !!!!!
 To say that I 'm pleased with this helmet is an understatement . I ordered the Matte Black helmet and a silver mirror shield and they look great together . The helmet is very comfortable and much quieter than the old Shoei RF 900 that I retired . I 'm looking forward to several years of use .
 I live in an area where there are alot of white outs and this is a big help
 I like the way these look but the electrical connector ends are different than what is on the truck so you 'll have to cut and splice these lights in .
 This was a cheap and easy fix for a cracked side mirror on my son 's truck . The old mirror was intact , but had a crack down the center . We did n't have to remove the old mirror , so I 'm not sure how that would work . We simply used the included double-sided tape and it looks like new . The new mirror came securely packaged and intact . Could n't be happier !
 AST Tools are always high quality , I am very pleased with their line of tools and how it showed up so quick .
 This guy is nothing fancy , but if you 're looking for a cheap , no-frills replacement , this works like a charm . The low price allowed me to replace all of my rotors myself during my last brake job for roughly what the shop wanted for just pads . No-brainer .
 I love the keyless remote , found directions on the internet to program and was a snap once we replaced the dead battery that came with it . UPS sucks and sat on the package several days before it was finally delivered by the us postal service .
 This is a semi-hard to find item . The dealer wants you to order a much more expensive pin kit , which you do n't need.You should pull and lubricate the pins with every brake job so that the pins can `` float '' freely . The rubber boots crack and wear out with age , thereby allowing water and road salt to corrode the pin . Once the pin seizes up with rust your brake pads will rapidly wear out . As long as you keep water away from the pin with grease and fresh boots your brakes problems will be minimal .
 I lived in the great lakes area and had this particular vehicle for 3 winters in the cold and the ice and the SALT . Oh how I hate salt . It affects almost every metal component on a vehicle . After I moved back down south my brakes needed to be worked on and one of the components that did n't hold up very well were the bottom caliper pins on the front brakes . The caliper pin boots did n't keep all the salt out and the bottom pins on both sides were very corroded . When trying to remove the pins the boot on one side tore so I had to get new ones . These boots were a perfect fit and hopefully will do a good job of preventing my new pins from corroding anytime soon , since they were a little more snug then the ones that had 10 years of wear and tear on them . Since I 'm in the south now it may not matter quite as much , either way I 'm just happy to have my brakes working properly now .
 It worked well to replace a rusted out back up light from 5 years ago . Was able to use the same mounting system
 This windscreen looks awesome and fits better than the original . I have an 07 zzr600 and I would highly recommend it , it also makes easier to get your body out of the wind while at higher speeds .
 I absolutely love my Double Bubble . I moves all the wind right up and over my head . At 5 ' 9 '' I barely have to crouch down to really stay out of the wind at higher speeds .
 This windscreen is much better than the original one on my 2007 ZZR600 . The double bubble design allows me to see my gauges better and also redirects the wind over my helmet better . I am very happy with this product and would recommend it ! It only comes with the windscreen , there are no screws or mounting hardware included . I was able to reuse my OEM mounting hardware but this may not be possible with all bikes . I recommend checking to see what type of hardware your bike currently has so you can purchase new mounting screws if needed . I received it 4 days early and was also very pleased with that . Great quality , easy install , and looks great ! + Direct Fit + Higher `` double bubble '' directs wind higher and also allows me to see gauges easier than the OEM windscreen + The `` Zero Gravity '' logo seen in the picture is just a sticker and easily peels off with no residue left behind_Bottom Line _ Yes , I would recommend this to a friend . My favorite features are that the small decal is easily removeable and that the double bubble allows me to see my gauges without having to crouch at lower speeds ... like in town where I sit more upright than in the twisties . Great product for a great price .
 Installed on 2003 Hayabusa . Best part is you can now see the speedometer and Tach . I 'm 6 ' 1 '' and have had trouble seeing these with the standard zero gravity screen . This is tall enough to see everything but it 's not too tall . reused old rubber fasteners after I heated them with heat gun to restore normal shape so I could get them back in .
 Loved this screen overall . It makes the bike look so much better compared to the stock screen that was transparent.Only complaint is the stickers that come on the screen ... it 's a pain to take them off : |
 Just installed this product on my 2002 Honda RC51 . It looks great and fit good . Shipper responded to my inquiries promptly and the price was well below other sellers.Thanks !
 installed on 2003 bandit . really imporave how far I can ride the bike without my head getting beaten up by the wind . Look for more tips and instructions online though .
 The windshield arrived in a very timely manner . I have not installed it yet , but everything lines up perfectly , and it will look great on the bike when I finish remodeling it !
 Works perfectly ! It 's sturdy and sticks right on . I recomment this to anyone who does not want to pay 3-5 times the cost .
 I wasnt sure if I was having a problem with my old unit , but at the price I got it , I bought it for `` Preventitive Maintenance '' . Glad I did , This new one helped boost my starting !
 Bolted right up no problems . The lens on my stock one fell off , so this was very nice . I did n't expect a bulb to be in it so that was pretty cool : - -RRB-
 Foglight seems to be exact replacement . Fit is perfect . Fairly easy to install .
 I am very happy with the fog lights that I have purchased on Amazon.com . for my 1999 Silverado.The price was excellent.Earl The Realtor
 Very Happy , Came on time and is want I wanted , It was new , Just like what they discribed . Total price was what agreed .
 Great product for the price and very easy to install.Would recommend this product to anybody.I was shocked that it came with the bulbs .
 ordered them and thay arrived fast , price was great , i hope thay last , a little hard to replace , mounting bolts hard to reach . anyone wanting a bargan would need to conseder these lights .
 It came perfectly packaged and uying items such as this from Amazonall I needed to do is plug and bolt it in . I would recommend buying items such as this from Amazon
 Bought both left and right lights , after reading other reviews I used my old mounting brackets since others said the new ones tend to bounce a bit , also put black silicone around edge of lense since another review said the lights take in moisture . They work great with no problems and less expensive vs getting from dealer . Easy to install .
 These are nice fog lights . I replaced the original equipment ones in my 2001 Chevy Silverado after the lenses had fallen out of both of them . The assembly fits without an issue and includes a new bulb . The only issue I see is that the fog lights vibrate a bit on rough roads . The brackets on these lights are not as strong as the ones on the original fog lights and for that reason I am rating them a 4 .
 These are just like the factory and a direct bolt on replacement part . I would highly recommend this part .
 i thought i was going to get some chesse sh # * but no very good quality great price . best of all all hardware was included . bulbs too
 This light assembly was exactly as described and fit my 2003 Chevy Surburban perfectly . Very good shopping experience - recommend highly .
 I found the fog lights -LRB- right and left side -RRB- to be very easy to intall . They both worked great first time after installation . Great product . Worth the money .
 we ended up ordering one of them and then the other . the bulb alone was worth it . they went in fine , no problems at all.and they look great . would recommend to everyone .
 Item was delivered as promised in perfect condition . Installation was easy ... except for the part about having to lay on my cold driveway in Winter . I was surprised to see that it came with the bulb . The only bad thing about this fog light assembly is that it makes the other one look old and tired .
 Excellent replacement for 02 Silverado 1500 . Took about 15 minutes to install both sides . Good quality light that came with the bulbs .
 If you have these on your truck and live in the north were I do , you WILL break one . The oem part is expensive . This is a good direct fit replacement but not oem . It too is not of good build quality but niether is the oem one . They really do n't even work well under normal use . They came with my truck when I purchased it . So if you do n't like driving around with one of your trucks eyes punched out , use this to replace it . Again they do not throw much light but the oem ones do n't either .
 Purchased these lights for my 2000 chevy extended Z71 pickup truck . I received the lights within about seven days and put them on my truck . They seem to be working fine and hopefully the lenses will pop out like the old ones I had .
 Good light . Bought this and the other side . Been installed for about a month and have had zero issues . When I go over a bumpy road I can tell they 're bouncing a little bit because the bracket is plastic but on a fairly smooth road they do n't bounce at all . Clear decently bright beam . Glad I bought them especially for this price . Truck is a 2000 silverado .
 I ordered this for a 1999 Chevy Z71 . It fit perfectly , and it came with a bulb . Just remember to hold on to the original mounting screws . This kit did not come with them .
 I bought this as a replacement for my old fog light because the lens came off . This product was is perfect condition and fit my truck perfectly and it came with the bulb . The only complaint I have with this is that it did n't come with any instructions on how to aim the light .
 After pricing around I found this light took a chance and it was a perfect fit at a fraction of the cost of what a dealer wanted and ordered another for the passanger side . Two for less than the cost of one at the dealer .
 Mirror was shipped quickly and in good condition . It was a good fit . I felt like it could use some more sticky pads to go in between the glass and mount . It 's working well . Could n't ask for more .
 Worked perfect and was very easy to put in . I have had it on our 4rnr for 2 months and it 's still there
 I would have given this 5-stars except that the image shown does n't match the product that arrived . The one I received works just fine , but for some applications , the one shown might be preferred , so just be aware.The one shown has a 5/8 '' bolt that inserts into the bottom of the ball , so that there are no threads extending below the assembly when applied . The one that arrived has threads that extend from the bottom of the ball and a nut is applied , so that there are threads extending below the assembly . This did n't matter to me , but as stated above , it might in some applications . Of course , you could always cut off any excess threads if necessary.I mounted this on my Snapper LT200 to use my small utility trailer around the yard and to move it up front for use to hook up to vehicles so I do n't have to pull it around by hand or drive a vehicle around the house . It does the job !
 So I am a hardcore Wisconsin Badgers fan & have yet bought a Wisconsin steering wheel cover and when I found this I was so excited ! It fit perfectly around the wheel and does n't move around when turning like my old one used to do . The only thing I would change is in the picture it shows the Badgers logo on the front where you would be able to see it , but actually it more sits on the top of the steering wheel . The logo does n't seem that big either . But overall , perfect !
 The dashmat was an excellent fit . Had no problems installing it . Thank you again for a great product . Lyle J. Christenson .
 I bought this for my galant and it looks great I recomend this product to any one that wants a good dashmat at a good price . It ships prety quik it arived befor the expected arival ship date .
 The dashmat is of nice quality , it fits well , the color matches and the price was right ; what more can you ask from a dashmat .
 This headlight from Bikers Choice was good quality and has a halogen lamp . No wiring diagram , no problemsBikers Choice 6-1/2 in . Springer Headlight - 12V 160314
 This helmet has a first-rate visor . Distortion-free and infinitely adjustable . The lining is downright luxurious . It 's quiet with good ventilation . It looks good , though I could live without the `` intake '' on the top . It is quite light . I wish they made a thinner replacement cheekpad , but they do break in nicely.It 's also effective . I walked away from an accident on the Interstate while wearing this helmet . I landed head first . I 'm buying a new one . ` Nuff said .
 This product is a must when putting up your outboard for the winter . Just spray into the carburator while the motor is running , when it starts to spudder turn the motor off . Pull the plugs and spray into each cylinder.Keeps rust out of these areas and protects o-rings and gaskets.One can will last serveral seasons .
 I recently entered into the world of outboard motors . During this journey I found out what fogging oil was . I used it in the motor as well as other small engines I have around the house . All of the equipment started with one or two pulls after winter storage . I attribute this to both the Stabil fuel stabilizer , and fogging oil I use to winterize them as well as the ethanol treatment I use when I fill them with fuel as a maintenance step . Great products , my equipment has never run better .
 Upper hose , nope . I entered my car info correctly and the website says this will fit but it is nothing like the upper radiator hose on my 1990 BMW 535i . UPDATE
 This upper intake manifold plenum is an exact match for the OE upper intake manifold except for some minor upgrades in design . The throttle body seal , plenum gasket , PCV valve and components and the MAP sensor are all included . The only part not included is the vacuum hose adapter for the brake booster hose . The quality of everything included is excellent , the fit and function is perfect and it is made in the USA . I highly recommend this product .
 got these for my 04 silverado fit is good they look goodif you need them get them would recommend these
 GReat product for my 2003 silverado ! Put on in less than 5 minutes . Love it and it looks great on my black truck !
 This Fram filter puts Teflon in your oil as you drive . Unfortunately , It 's been discontinued , so it 's catch as catch can . For the best non-teflon filter which also just happens to be at a great price , get the Wal-Mart Super Tech filter for your application . Do n't believe me that a $ 2.97 filter is the best ? Go to the newsgroups and blogs .
 Although these are not a true yellow , these bulbs do have a yellow type of look from a good distance , but still not yellow as you would expect like those ` JDM ' cars . Now , these bulbs are manfucatured very well and are very sturdy . I would highly recommend these . I 've had them installed for about 3-4weeks now and none of the two have burnt out and i doubt they will for a very long time.UPDATE
 Put a set of 85 watt yellowstars in Hella 500 drivers and love them . You get some yellow in the center but whiter light to the sides . Perfect for reducing glare in foul conditions but still putting out good light . These are wired to only come on with my highbeams . These are on the misses car and she has a hard time in rain and snow with visability . So she has 500 fogs with 55 watt opilux yellows and they are good . Maybe I should have went with the 55 watt yellowstars for her fogs . Used to run piaa bulbs and loved the super whites . So last year we tried their plasma ion and they did n't last long enough to justify that price tag . If you want just a touch of yellow go with these . If you want more go with the optilux . I am running the H7 optilux in my Hella fogs on my car . You will notice a difference when the ground is wet . A lot less glare and strain on your eyes . .
 It 's not a deep amber , but a light yellow , definitely has a nice look , and the Hella bulbs last longer than the off name ones . The 85 watt should only be used in glass/metal fixtures , using it in a plastic housing runs the risk of overheating and meltdown , even if just a little will distort any good light output from a fog light .
 First i have to say Amazon has awesome customer service . i ordered 2 of these bulbs on the 23rd of May . they were set to be delivered on the 25th of may with 2 day prime shipping . Package never showed . On the 31st i called customer service and spoke to Rob . he told me my package was lost in transit -LRB- shipped by prestige , not to happy with their shipping at all . they do not update their package tracker until its sitting on your door step . i like to watch it . The company doesnt even have a company vehicle to drop my package up . instead they sent someone in a beat up Ford Probe to deliver it one time . much happier with FEDEX or UPS . -RRB- Rob ended up shipping me out 2 more hella bulbs as a free replacement WITH next day shipping . got home from work on the 1st of june and they were sitting on my front porch . THANK YOU AMAZON AND ROB!ANYWAYS , back to the lights . These lights are pretty cool . Im using them in my Hella optilux 1450 foglights . they give off a good amount of light , may be a little more intense with a regular driving light though . Hella products are high quality . very satisfied .
 yellow light have better visibility around fog , and this one have 85w rating and it 's from hella . i 'm happy with it way brighter than stock h3
 Ok so quit being ignorant and do some research before you buy a product . Seriously ! They are called yellow star and they do produce a slight to moderate yellow hue but not a full blown yellow like you would think . Besides , its already been proven that yellow fog lights do not help you see any better than any other light in a foggy situation . These lights are absolutely phenomenal . I installed them in my factory fog lamps with no issues whatsoever and the extra 30watts is unbelievable . No comparison . They have been installed for over a year with no burn out and I would highly recommend this product to anyone . If you are looking for yellow then this is not the product for you -LRB- DO NOT BUY PIAA PLASMA ION , OVERPRICED JUNK AND 85W DOES NOT = WHATEVER BS WATTAGE THEY CLAIM !!! PIAA IS CRAP -RRB- . If you are looking for more light for a good price then buy these . Hella is a very reputable company producing great products .
 A decent winch for the price . Ca n't compare to a $ 300 - $ 400 winch , naturally , but does the job . Put it on a boat lift and is adequate for a 16 1/2 ft. with 40 hp motor .
 a real great product , works every time when i need it , i would recommend this product for cost and efficiency .
 I have been using it for the snowplow on my lawn tractor and it works great . The reversibility is a key feature for this application .
 I mounted the winch in a permenant position and use it with a series of pulleys to raise my canoe to the rafters in the garage -LRB- the canoe is designed for hunting and is extra wide -- it weighs around 120 lbs . -RRB- . Once the canoe is in position I secure it with a couple of ratchet straps , which take the weight off of the winch.The manufacturer states that the winch should not be used as a `` lifting device '' , but at 120 lbs . the risks are minimal and the winch performs very well .
 I have a pair of these on the front of my Tundra . I run these with a set of KC 60 series 100 watt long range and 60 series 100 watt driving lights , six lights total . They do a great job lighting the side of the road , while the long range and driving send light down range . I drive in the Sierra Nevada mountains at night and these make driving a lot safer . The lights are wired to switch off when the high beams are switched off , so I do not glare other drivers.These light are very bright and create a very wide flood pattern . The optics on these lights are some of the best I have seen .
 Good brakes , stop the car , do n't make noise , last well . They seem to wear evenly and are easy to install . One of my favorites , although I am told there are some that are better but more expensive .
 This is a great product for people who have to park in a defined space . It is very accurate and easy to install . It will not help you if your parking issue is width related , it only works for people pulling in to a garage .
 Works great pluged in . batterys dont last long one or two days at the most .
 This is the greatest thing invented for people that have trucks or vans and have to fit them in the garage . When set up it leaves you enough room to walk in front but still pulls it in far enough to be able to close the garage door behind your vehicle . Besides it 's a neat novelity .
 I purchased two units a year ago . One for each of my garage doors . Love 'em both . Have no problems . Work as advertised . Takes the risk out of guessng when to stop my car . And I could take down the stupid tennis ball I have been using for years . Another plus is my wife likes the blinking colors . Go figure . Extreme change in seasonal tempature does not adversly effect the opeation of the units . Still just keep on working .
 I received a Park-Zone PZ1500 for Christmas . Installation was no harder than driving four screws . Distance calibration involves pushing one button -LRB- takes about five seconds to set itself -RRB- . Unit works exactly as described -LRB- perfect every time -RRB- . One pleasant surprise - I can drive my car in or back it in ; and it works equally well -LRB- be sure to place indicator high enough so you can see it in your mirror -RRB- . Great accessory ; wish I had one 30 years ago !
 This item works great so you can get parked in the same spot every time , within an inch or 2 . Real nice if you only have a short distance from the front and back of vehicle .
 Bought this to help the wife park her new car in the garage . Easy to install and dead on every time . The first few days were a bit frustrating because we tried to use it with batteries . The next day the red light would be flashing constantly . Finally took the batteries out and hooked up the AC adaptor . No problems since then . One star deducted for the battery problem , otherwise this gadget is a hoot .
 I tried this unit for about two weeks , and had to switch it to another location . Okay value at $ 23 ; but rather like the ceiling mounted laser idea.PROEasy to install . Easy to use . Pretty accurate -LRB- + / -2 inches -RRB- . Comes with a AC power adapter that I was n't planning on using.CONNeeds plenty of space around echo locator or their `` ultrasonic transducer '' -LRB- Also ping ' g is audible and may by annoying if you 're sitting in front of the sensor -RRB- . I have it next to a garage/home entry door with a little traffic . This is a major problem , i.e. , unit does not like things left in front of unit - like a bike or box . In fact , shoe-high boxes or other items placed unwittingly in the sensing range or left under the subject car may throw off the accuracy of this device . Unit is suppose to revert to `` Default-Mode to check against such nuisances '' . It definitely does not like much people traffic in front of unit.Batteries were suppose to last a year . I was in fact planning on running just on batteries ; but , they can drained unexpectedly -LRB- < 1wk -RRB- probably due to a mix-up of the four modes - Home , Away , Park , and Default . Caution - current is spec 'd at 60ma average . -LRB- Do n't know how that works out to a year . -RRB- Luckily , it came with a AC power adapter.Area around transducer needs to be clear by roughly 2x2ft in front of unit.Conclusion : I had to buy one of those laser systems for greater reliability at a comparable price . Also like the fact that it 's more accurate . Almost guaranteed of a AC outlet on the ceiling.Product
 This device works exactly as it should . It works well with either battery or 110 volt power . At first I used the batteries until I got my wireing set up . Reseting it was simple after the power change . It enables me to stop my car in the same EXACT spot every time . Before I got it I would have to pull into the garage , get out of the car and check to see how close the back of the car was to the garage door and then sometimes have to move the car again . I need the car to be as close to the garge door as possible to allow the maximum amount of space in front of the car and this device enables me to do it every time . However , in the summer of 2007 it started to deteriorate in it 's performance and is no longer reliable so I had to put the little `` rubber ball on a string '' back up . It seems to be a sensor problem but I am not sure how to clean it or clear up the problem .
 The Park-Zone was easy to install and works great . As I enter the garage the green light comes on . As I approach the desired parking position the light turns to yellow , and when I reach the desired parking position the red light comes on . It is very accurate and dependable . The Park-Zone does , however , require an unobstructed path several degrees wide between the sensor and the vehicle . But with nothing in its way , it works great . Based on the performance of my unit , I 'd definitely recommend it .
 I had plans for this unit prior to purchasing it . While I 'm using the park zone as it was intended to be used , I also added a slight modification . With some additional electronics , I used the ParkZone to actually control an authentic -LRB- retired -RRB- Traffic Light that I have in my garage.Prior to actually breaking open the box , I did thoroughly test this unit . I found it to be accurate around 70-80 % of the time . Almost always , the green and yellow light would toggle back and forth before I hit the distance that would cause the yellow light to stay on . From that point , the lights would react as they are supposed to.I also find that you have to drive very slow in order for the ParkZone to work properly . The times I drove in a little too fast , I would typically get no response at all.After adding my modifications , I find the accuracy and response of the unit to be exactly the same as before I made the changes.My final conclusion is that while this unit does what it says , it 's not quite as accurate as one would wish for . In my book , it 's not a fail safe approach to that perfect parking spot . Therefore , I also use my trusty old nail in the wall as a back up to verify my position in the garage . But there is something to be said for being the only one in the neighbor hood -LRB- maybe even state -RRB- who has a working traffic light hanging in his garage . :0 -RRB- Happy parking !
 This is a handy little 3-color traffic light that hangs on the back wall of the garage and guides you into your parking spot by showing a green , then yellow , and finally RED signal . You can select the right distance from the wall for YOUR car , which makes it a much better choice than similar items that use the same fixed distance for all vehicles.Once in a while the little devil seems to have trouble making up its mind about where you are as you approach , so I have deducted one star from its score . In spite of this criticism I have just purchased a second unit for my `` other '' car . There 's nothing better on the market that I 've seen , and you 'll get lots of approving nods from the other gadget geeks in the neighborhood .
 This is a wonderful way to ensure that you always park in the same spot in your garage . Our garage holds two large SUVs , barely , and using the Park-Zone 1500 makes it a breeze to park , with room to spare . Heartily endorse !!
 This product is great ! With its green-yellow-red light system , the driver knows exactly when the car is perfectly parked . One reviewer stated , incorrectly , that you can not use more than one in a single garage . I have had two functioning in my garage for several years , without problem or incident . I have mine plugged into an outlet , rather than battery operated , so that may improve performance , but if the product is aligned according to the easy-to-follow instructions , there should n't be a problem . My oldest son just got his first car , and my first purchase was the Park-Zone to ensure he does n't wreck his car pulling into the garage ! This product is definitely a 5-star product !
 NEed I say more ... great product that saves our garage and car ! Easy to use , set up and install . I would highly recommend this to everyone who has a garage !
 I saw this device at a friends house . I bought two , one for my side of the garage and one for my wife 's side . They took just an hour to install and they work great .
 We have two battery operated park zones in our garage since both cars have to get rather close to items in the front of the garage . We recently bought the dual power park zone for a friend that had the same problem . I highly recommend this product to anyone that has to park in tight spaces or needs help figuring out how far to pull in the garage .
 I love this item ! I have had mine for about 2 yearsand have bought two of them this year for gifts.Makes parking in the garage so easy with room left toget around the car .
 Excellent product ! Should have bought one years ago as the wife loves it and can finally park in the right spot every time .
 Extremely easy setup , just four mounting screws . Calibration involves putting the car where you want it to be and pushing a button . That 's it . The only thing you need to know is that you ca n't race into the garage to park . My wife was going too fast . Also you have to take into account the reaction time it takes you to stop when the light turns from yellow to red . The other thing to note is that it states it needs 3 feet of clear wall space on both sides of the sensor . So you need am uncluttered garage . I got away with about 1 1/2 feet on each side . My only complaint is that the instruction sheet print is so small you might need a magnifing glass to read it .
 Wonderful product , very simple to use , only took a minute to setup . I would recommend this product . Read directions and should be fine . Definitely buy the one with AC power , no batteries to worry about .
 The Park Zone PZ-1500 's are great . I had a cheaper model in the garage but they quit working . These seem to hold up a little better than the cheapies and I do n't have to worry about the batteries going dead with AC power.They are also more attractive than the old school of a tennis ball hanging from a string .
 This product works really well . The biggest problem is that it takes FOREVER to get it . The shipping on this item really stinks . It took me over a month to get it .
 Can anyone tell me how to set up the park-zone . I have one and the batteries went dead . ca n't seem to get it set up again .
 My family LOVES this product !! It allows me to back my van into the garage with enough room to open the hatch to unload my packages , as well as being able to shut the garage door . We love it so much , we ordered a second one for my husbands car!Love it ! Love it ! Love it !!
 The park-zon 120 I think is going to be alright , but found it difficult to callibrate in our garage . I am not able to get the red or stop area to come on before I am too far into the garage . Must stop on yellow . I have tried to set it numerous times but never with satisfacyor results . Even so I think it beats the tennis balls hanging from the ceiling .
 The first one I got did n't work correctly , it never would configure itself properly -LRB- kept blinking the red light -RRB- . After getting the first one replaced , it seems to work pretty well . Makes backing the truck in super easy , which the old tennis ball does n't help with at all.Amazon is amazing in the return process though . They are very fast to ship replacements , and very graceful in the amount of time you have to return the old one . They provide an easy way of printing out a label too , the whole return process could n't have been better .
 purchased 2 of these.they are easy to set up and work great.if you have a full size truck and garage it you need this.buy the ac version so you do n't have to change batteries .
 I was not sure that this is what I needed . But this simple device makes easier to park the car in the same spot always . It is very usefull . I recommend it .
 A new large pickup truck and a small old garage . The #PZ -1500 Precision Parking device quickly solved the problem . Five minutes of easy installation and parking in the garage is easier than ever . I highly reccomend the #PZ -1500 to everyone.George RohrerEdgemont , Arkansas
 Works as expected based on the product description . Installation was simple -LRB- less than 10 minutes -RRB- . Much cheaper than replacing damaged sheetrock .
 this product works great . I need to return it because the distance of operation as stated by amazon ` s web page is .5 - 16 feet . this is not correct . the operation booklet shipped with the unit states 1.3 to 16 feet . and this is ture if this is the distance you need . I ordered this unit because my distance requires .5 to 16 feet as advertised by amazon . not 1.3 feet .
 This litlle piece of technology has saved me from running into the wall of my garage so many times I ca n't count . I ca n't imagine parking in my garage with out it , I have now had this for almost 4 years and have had no issues with it at all .
 Was easy to install . Really helps when pulling into the garage . I do n't feel like I am going to run into the wall .
 Ease of ordering and the products works well . Great job . The choices and methods of payment works for me and makes life easier .
 This product ROCKS ! Easy to install and setup . Works perfectly every time . I bought and installed 2 of these and they are Awesome !!!
 The item itself works great , if it is plugged into the wall . It uses batteries on a daily basis ... but if you keep it plugged up , it works great !
 This devise is really an amazing devise . It will allow you to park your car anywhere in your garage you please . It has green , yellow , red -LRB- stop -RRB- lights on it just like a typical red light . It works the same every time you park.I have had one of the cheaper version -LRB- other brands -RRB- that only allow you to park a certain distance from the wall and that is not always handy . With this one you set you car any distance you want it in the garage and push a button to set it , and you are done.My dad had one of these in the battery powered only , worked well , but every time battery went dead you had to reset it . This one work well and is powered by 120 volt so you never have to worry about a battery or having to reset it . * THIS IS A GREAT UPDATE TO THE BATTERY ONLY MODEL *
 I love this device . You simply mount it on the garage wall , park your car the distance away from the wall you prefer and turn it on -- it programs itself . It has worked every time . My husband really thanks this company for making it ! Love the 110 Volt capability .
 Needed a solution that would allow my wife and I to - not only pull in forward , but also back in . Very easy installation . It works very well . It 's one of those geeky toys that works .
 Easy to install . My 4 door pick up is a tight fit for my garage -LRB- I have a 2 ' allowance -RRB- . Before I installing this device I would occasionally bump the wall or have to pull up a bit further . Not any more -- Perfect every time !!!
 I bought two of the PZ-1500 . Easy to install and easy to calibrate . No tenis ball to bump into or stop to trip over .
 Purchased this as a gift for a friend who has limited space in his garage . I have owned an older model for years , and it still works great . My friend and his wife are very pleased ! Great product , great price !
 Our garage is a tight squeeze for our Toyota 4-Runner & GMC Truck so we got these to help us stay aligned in our own `` spaces '' & in order to be able to close the garage door & yet have enough room in front of the vehicles to walk , etc. . We have found it to be very helpful to us & have had no problems . We have had to re-align a couple of times , but is absolutely no big deal to do at all . I would recommend these to any one who has the same `` space '' problems that we do & in fact , bought one for our son & daughter-in-law just last week .
 The park zone works very well except if there are objects too close to it .
 Installation requires drilling 4 nails into your garage wall for the sensor and light , then pressing one button to calibrate your car 's location . The included adapter in this package is great because now I wo n't ever have to worry about replacing batteries . It does what it says and I 've had no problems so far .
 My parents have this in their garage and it makes parking so much easier in a small garage in my case or in their case with a larger vehicle . It is easy to install as well .
 I bought this device for my mom , who had just moved into a new house with a new garage , as a bit of a joke . But when I went to visit her , she raved about it ! I got to try it myself , and it worked great - mounted at a nice line-of - sight , you do n't have to take your eyes off possible obstructions to the sides of the car , as I 've noticed I 've had to do with the tennis-ball-on-a-string deal . The device also works if you have a garage door mechanism that prevents the hanging of a tennis ball ... and it 's -LRB- I admit it ! -RRB- fun to use - kind of like a drag-racing Christmas tree , only backwards !
 This has saved me so much anixiety when I pull into my garage . I have a bigger truck now and could not judge how far I was from the wall . Now I do n't worry , I just pull forward until the red light comes on . Great product , easy to install and so far , works great .
 Sensor works great . Very accurate . Only minor complaint is that the green light is not very bright .
 The `` Park-Zone '' has kept us from not stoping in time and hitting the deepfreeze which in turn would in turn hit the wall causing dammage to both . It is so easy to watch the lights turn from green to yellow and then to red and the distance between the car and deep freeze is perfect . Approximately 2 feet.E . Sinclair Cedar Park , Tx .
 The price was fair and the item arrived quickly . However , the green light does not seem to work and the directions are not helpful for that problem . If someone would like to advise me how to handle this problem , my number is 847-659-1284 . I have to be honest and say that the absence of the green light is not fatal as I really go by the yellow and red lights to park .
 Park-Zone 120-Volt Dual-Powered Battery-Powered Precision Parking Device #PZ -1500 Service was fast and communication excellent , Good product .
 This has been a great help in parking in the garage and stopping at the correct distance from the wall .
 We have installed the park zone and have found it to be just what we needed to park the cars in the garage . We do n't worry whether it is in far enough so the door will close and we do n't pull in too far so we get walk around . It is one of the best things we have found to make a parking decision easy . Thank you very much .
 Works as advertised . However this replaced a unit that gave a signal alert when auto reached it 's mark . This should be a feature in this unit for it 's price .
 Purchased this to aid parents at new location . Installation was quick and easy . Parents love it .
 Works great . I paid 15.00 at Menards in Sept. 03
 I purchased one of these about 8 years ago for myself and my wife . We both loved them . So when mine went out , I decided to reorder . The only complaint with this one , unlike it 's predecessor is that it will not allow you to reset the parking distance from the wall if you need to be in close . With the prior unit , I could set it to let me come to within 6 inches of the wall . This unit keeps going red when I get to about 1 1/2 feet . I tried resetting it many times to no avail . If your garage space is really tight and you need to park really close , I 'd suggest looking at other products .
 great product yet be sure to purchase the AC adapter , as the batteries wear out quickly
 This unit works just as advertised . I bought one each for two different garages . The installation , setup , and calibration is very easy . I parked my vehicle to clear the automatic door by two inches , and calibrated the unit for that position . Since installation , I 've used it 20 plus times , and the red light illuminates within one-half inch of the calibrated position every time . This works whether parking front end first , or backing in . An excellent purchase , and an excellent value .
 I was skeptical when I first purchased this item because I did n't have any confidence in it 's ability to accurately gauge the distance of a bumper to the bumpee -LRB- a.k.a. the wall -RRB- . But , after installing it my confidence was immediately buoyed by the unerring accuracy with which it issues its green-yellow-red sequence.The setup and installation took about 10 minutes . Anyone can install this thing ! The instructions were clear and easy to follow , and the provided templates make sure your installation goes easier.The ONLY complaint I have about this device is the number of wires it leaves exposed . Depending on the distance from an AC outlet , it can be aesthetically unpleasant . There 's a wire from the signal light down to the sensor -LRB- the wire that 's shown in the photo -RRB- , and then another from the signal light to the AC outlet.Overall , though , I love the device . And ... it works with multiple cars and does n't seem very sensitive to bumper height .5 Stars !
 I 've used the Park Zone for two years -LRB- I bought them when they were much more expensive -RRB- and love it . My car barely fits into my garage , so this is a great device . Contrary to some other reviews here , I 've found it to be pinpoint accurate day-in and day-out . Even though I have the AC adapter , I 've never used it . Mine is still running on the original batteries I installed two years ago . It 's easy to set up and dead accurate -LRB- and just plain cool -RRB- . It 's a must for every garage .
 I ordered this item , it was delivered very promptly by Amazom.com . It was easy to install , but took longer than 90 seconds , as indicated by the manufacturer . Park-Zone can be installed in any garage , and simply guides you to the exact distance from the wall that you determine . It operates on 4-AA batteries -LRB- which are said to power the unit for a year -RRB- or the AC adapter included . As you drive into the garage , a green , amber , and red light guides you to the right spot . I 'll be ordering 2 more for our other cars !!
 The product works great . Suggest buying the model with the AC plug in , well worth the extra dollars . Manufacture suggests a 90 second installation . What world are they living in ? It took me 90 seconds to pull the car into position ... . It took me about 1/2 hour to install and set up . Also the screws supplied with the unit are way to short . I guess they want you just to screw them into the drywall . Me , being a perfectionist installed longer screws into the studs or wall plugs . Beside the screws and the fictitous installation time , the product works very well .
 Setting up is a snap
 Works just as expected . Gives me confidence I wo n't scratch bumber of new car everythime I pull in .
 One of the parking spaces in our garage ends at the furnace , so going too far when parking can damage the furnace . Several years ago I bought a Park-Zone parking device to use in our garage . It worked great - but it had a major deficiency - it was battery operated . It used four AA batteries and it ate them quickly . I finally got tired of feeding it batteries and let it die peacefully . I recently found a version on Amazon that had a 120V power supply and did n't need batteries . Otherwise it is identical to the one I originally had . Now with it plugged in we can park without fear of hitting the furnace .
 I knew about the Park-Zone for quite some time just keep using a ball hagging from the ceiling or a board on the floor . The unit is exceptional in ease of installation , performance and efficiency . Best of all my wife is loving it .
 This is the second one we have purchased . Works great . Would buy it again .
 After installing the Park Zone , I no longer have to get back in the car and adjust my walking room around the car . It 's simple and easy to set up , and now when the light turns red , I 'm in the exact spot to gain access to the back lift gate , and walk around the front without any problem . Product does what it says it does .
 I purchased this product to install in my garage because I was tired of banging up my car . It was easy to install and proved to be a great parking device . I would highly recommend the Park Zone to anyone wishing to spare their car bumpers .
 I have had mine about a year and it works great . Beats using a tennis ball and string any day !
 The park Zone is everything it says it is , easy to install . The lights work as stated and goes close to the wall . No more worrying about hitting the wall , would recommend this to any one .
 This is the second Park Zone I have purchased for my aging mother who still drives . It makes her task of entering the garage and getting close to the end but not too close . The first one worked well for a number of years until she had a lapse and crunched the lower sensor with her bumper . It has saved numerous dents in the garage wall from her getting too close as had been the case prior to the Park Zone . The lights -LRB- green , amber , red -RRB- that are easily seen from the drives location make it easier to get close to the end wall without hitting the wall . I personally have driven her car into the garage and use the Park Zone myself to get close but not too close .
 This thing works like a charm . I have a very tight garage , and the Park Zone parks my car perfect every time . Comes in real handy when you back the car in too . Ca n't imagine my garage without it . Well worth the money .
 works well so far , had a battery operated one for 10 yrs.paid $ 90 at sharper image , used many , many batteries over that time span . now plug in is a luxury , and now my wife does ` nt bounce off the garage walls any more
 Does what it promises and looks good on the wall . What 's not to like ?
 I purchased and installed the PARK-ZONE as per the instructions . . It works great exactly as described . . It 's for my wife , for her birthday I bought her a Jaguar and sho was n't use to parking it in the garage so your product was the perfect solution ... now I only have one problem teaching my wife to drive in slow enough to stop when the RED light comes on ...
 I purchased this last year for Christmas for my husband although it ended up on my side of the garage . It is very accurate , was easy to set up and still using the same batteries from when we installed it a year ago . Everyone that sees it just loves it and I am purchasing another one for a friend of mine .
 I purchased a parking assit from a national electronic retailer . I had many problems and it was not user friendly . The unit offered by Amazon is outstanding . Put your car in the position you want it parked , press a button , you are done ! Great Product !
 Mine is hard wired so I have n't had the battery problem . I have used it for over a year without any problems at all . Once the light flashes yellow , slow down and creep until red . I park 4 '' from a support stanchion - every time .
 What can I say other than ` it works great . ' Very easy to install and setup . Simply park you car where you want it and press a button -- the park-zone will remember this location and signal you to stop whenever you pull in to that spot again . Took about 4 minutes to hang and setup . Batteries last a long time -- and in a very hot garage , too . I love it .
 I love this item . It does exactly what it says . I would highly recommend this to anyone . It is easy to install and works everytime .
 the park zone works as described . you must have an electrical outlet nearby in order to use the power cord supplied . i also purchased the standard model that operates on batteries alone for another member of my family and this seems a little easier to deal with - no cumbersome cord -LRB- black plastic model -RRB- and also about 12 $ less expensive .
 My wife has a large car and I have a large truck -LRB- in a small garage -RRB- . We both use the parking device to avoid hitting the back wall . Park-Zone delivers precise parking every day of the week ! My wife loves Park-Zone and so do I !
 This thing hangs on the back wal of my garage and has a series of three lights , green , yellos and red which tell you when you are finally close enough , but not too close to the garage back wall . Since I installed it , my wife has not backed into the garage wall once . It 's little short of miraculous .
 EASY TO INSTALL , BUT I FOUND OUT THAT IF YOU UNPLUG IT THAT YOU HAVE TO RESET THE DISTANCE TO THE CAR , SO I WAS WONDERING IF THE POWER GOES OFF AND YOU DO N'T KNOW IT , WELL , THE RED LIGHT WILL NOT COME ON UNTIL IN MY CASE , YOU WILL BE TOO CLOSE AND BAM GOES THE WALL . I THOUGHT THE BATTERIES WOULD BE A BACK-UP WHEN THE POWER GOES OFF BUT IT SAYS NOT TO LEAVE THE BATTERIES IN IF YOU PLUG IT IN . ON THE GOOD SIDE IT WORKS VERY WELL WHEN THE POWER IS ON BILL
 A + Product . Running it on A/C , no problems . Wife parks car perfect everytime , leaving the garage real estate exactly where we want it . Excellent supplier service , no problems , shipped as expected . Excellent price too !
 Works wonderfully . Allows me to know exactly when to stop my automobile when entering the garage . This model has AC adapter so you do n't have to rely on the batteries.I like it so well , I am ordring one for the other side of my garage where I park my truck.Good price also .
 My husband already had a battery-operated version of the Park Zone , and when we redid our garage , we ordered two of these ; one for each of us . This is a real lifesaver ! I helps you to stop in the exact right spot in your garage to avoid either getting too close to the wall or not pulling in far enough . I highly recommend this item to people , especially of you have a larger car or SUV .
 This model is a much improved product from the previous PZ-1100 . The problem with the PZ-1100 was that it was battery operated and that you could n't park within 1-2 feet of the device or it would n't stop you accurately.The new PZ-1500 is great that you do n't have to use the batteries . Just plug it in and it is ready to go . It still has a little problem with parking too close and keeping the distance accurate . We park 6 inches from the wall and it has trouble with that short of distance . It still works , but it turns red about 3 inches before I would like it to . I 'm not going to complain as it works MUCH better than the previous model . I think it would work great if you set it about 12 inches to your car .
 I have used one of these for many years and loved it so I purchased 2 for my son and his wife . they do n't know how they lived without it . My statement great product get rid of the tennis ball and relax .
 I like this thing . It works really well and since it has a power charger it does n't need to have the batteries replaced ever . The red yellow and green lights give a clear indication of where you are and when you need to stop .
 I bought this for wife for her birthday . . she 's always so nervous about where to stop in the garage . The ultimate gift a must for all!ease of installation , unpack , and hang on wall and plug in ... calibration took less than 60 seconds , and worked perfectly 1st try . . wife pulls in now with full confidence and you know i like it too . . ! one of my best value purchases of recent
 This item is very good and extremely handy . My car 's rear bumper is very happy we bought one .
 This was a good , no hassle transaction with prompt shipping , and a productthat was as described.Thanks !
 I 've had this product for a couple years and it worked well for that period of time . I have a wraught iron railing to a staircase that I have to avoid hitting when pulling my car in the garage and we had to make some adjustments to the device in order for it to work . Luckily I have a son-in-law who is very inventive . We were able to use a longer telephone cord , run along the railing , to attach the sensor onto the railing as the railing was getting in the way of the sensor if placed on the wall as intended . The railing causes an optical illusion and determining the car 's front end distance was very difficult . This product works well with the adjustments we made . It did only work for a couple years , tho , and I need to purchase another . Hoping the next one lasts longer !
 This product really works and it took about 2 minutes to set it up for the distance needed between the car and the front wall . The instructions are clear and very easy to get it up and running very quickly . I would totally recomend this producr ro anyone having a problem with distance between the front of the car and the wall .
 This is a life saver as my wife could never park properly in the garage before now . It was easy to setup and is perfect for those minivans and SUV 's that you have trouble seeing if you are all the way in or not.A great item .
 I have tried other brands of parking assists . This one is the easiest to install and use of all the ones I have had . The option of using batteries or a/c power is great . If you are looking for a good product at a good price , this is it .
 Great replacement part , very easy to install , gasket supplied with unit may or may not make a seal so save your factory rubber gasket if it is serviceable . May have saved myself as much as $ 600 if I had purchased a new unit from the dealer . Works perfectly to factory specifications . Highly recommended verses new from the dealer .
 If you have ever had a dad or husband who hung a tennis ball from the garage ceiling so everyone knew how far to park , then this is the PERFECT gift for your dad !
 Easy to install ; just mount it to the wall park your car in front of it in the position you want it to remember and turn the device on . That 's it . Works perfectly all the time .
 I HAVE PURCHASED 7 OF THE PARK ZONE PZ1100 PARKING DEVICES . I ORIGANALLY GOT ONE FOR MYSELF AND SON , IT WORKED SO WELL I HAVE NOW PURCHASED THE 7 UNITS . THESE ARE REALLY GREAT . THEY WORK AND HELP A GREAT DEAL IN PARKING A CAR IN A GARAGE . THEY TAKE THE GUESS WORK OUT . I RECOMMEND YOU TRY THEM .
 i been looking for something like this for my garage . i t will be so like when i get it .
 Purchased this for my elderly parents who just purchased a new Buick . With a new car in the garage , it did n't make sense to have primitive string and ball hanging from the rafters.I was able to set it up in under 5 minutes , using an electrical outlet nearby . Batteries are great if the installation is away from an available outlet.It worked the first time with no adjustments necessary and the price is very reasonable .
 performed well in crowded garage but i have to change batteries every four to five weeks ... not the yearly change they advertise . otherwise i am completely satisfied .
 Purchased for my husband for Christmas . I knew he wanted , but I was skeptical -LRB- just another toy -RRB- . I was wrong , sure am glad I got him two !
 I needed this to help me park in my garage . It stops me it the exact place I need to be . My husband installed it with little effort . Great purchase ! Dilivery was fast .
 The car gets parked in the garage to his satisfaction every time now ...
 What can I say other than ` it works great . ' Very easy to install and setup . Simply park you car where you want it and press a button -- the park-zone will remember this location and signal you to stop whenever you pull in to that spot again . Took about 4 minutes to hang and setup . Batteries last a long time -- and in a very hot garage , too . I love it .
 I have poor depth perception and am simply crappy at judging how close to the wall I am when pulling into the garage . Before installing the Park Zone device , I had tried a few other strategies to prevent bumper bumpage in my tiny garage . A tennis ball hanging from a string did not work , as my dog is a tennis ball freak and was constantly jumping up and chomping on it ; parking ramps did not work as I would miss them with my wheels and bump the wall anyway . So I gave Park Zone a try after seeing it plugged on a home improvement show I like called Michael Holigan 's Your New Home . With the help of my wife , who did not need the device really , as she can park within a gnat 's ... distance from the wall by sight , we installed the device in a few minutes . I then got behind the wheel and tested it out . Perfect ! Within a gnat 's ... distance from the wall when the light turned from green to red . Why do I give it only four out of five stars ? Because it is battery-powered , and not solar-powered as I would prefer . I realize that little sun gets into my garage , but I would be happy to mount a solar panel on top of the garage .
 This device has ended a problem of the correct positioning of my wife 's car in the garage . If it was pulled in too far , I could n't swing the door open on my vehicle without hitting the mirror on her car . If the wife 's car was pulled in too far , we could n't walk around the front of it . We have n't had any problems since we installed this parking device ... and it has also eased some tension regarding the position of vehicles in our garage .
 Works just as described ... easy to install . Bought 2 and have referred friends . Easy to adjust for all size vehicles . This product is a must if you park in a garage !
 My son bought me this more-or-less as a joke , because I had a tennis ball -LRB- me -RRB- and a small doll -LRB- wife -RRB- for parking . I put it up and I LOVE IT . I am buying two more -LRB- wife and SON -RRB- . I have had no problems with batteries to date and resetting is easy if you need to do it . If you have a tight fit ... try this one .
 This little device does exactly what it is supposed to . Battery life so far is excellent . Very easy installation and set up . If you have a need for this type of device , this is the one to get .
 Easy to install , simple to operate . Love the feature of either running off batteries or AC . More expensive than a tennis ball and string , but much cooler !!!
 I purchased this item for my wife . It required an installation time of about 2 minutes and works as described . It is more of a gimmick , but makes a great conversation piece .
 We bought two of these gadgets at a garage sale for $ 5/ea . and could n't believe how wonderfully they worked . They are precision devices and allow us to park our extended mini-van in the garage perfectly every time w/o having to get outside to make sure the garage can shut . The battery problem that a couple people are talking about is probably because of improper placement or clutter in the garage . We noticed that the device was staying on all the time because we were refinishing a piece of furniture in the garage that was just close enough to the sensor 's range that it was activating it -LRB- it always thought a car was being parked -RRB- and it never shut off . Once the sensor was repositioned and clutter removed battery life was extended to manufacturer estimates .
 I ordered these for my 4runner to give it that Lexus look.They are great but when it RAINS heavy , these bulbs blow QUICK!They are good bulbs though . Very bright for 55watts
 I put a set of these in my Hella 2020 Optilux . That are on My custom 1993 Ford Tempo And they are the best bulbs that I had ever used ! The Yellow star are great for seeing dear eyes and other animal eyes . They work good with any Wall * mart fog light . I own over 50 sets of fog/driving lights and I know a good bulb when I see one .
 I was looking for yellow and these are more of a mild yellow but they do work great . I planned on using for the snow and they work perfect for that -LRB- no glare -RRB- .
 These are very nice bulbs . I like them a lot but I wish they were a deeper yellow in color . I wanted a real deep yellow for my fog lights and these look more like a light-yellow color . Still very good bulbs and very bright . They light the road nicely , and I can see way better with them for sure . Wish they were deeper yellow is all .
 Well the product is good if you receive the correct one . I ordered for a pair . One was 55W -LRB- Made in India -RRB- and the other was 100W -LRB- Made in Germany -RRB- . So I returned the 100W but again received the incorrect one.Amazon was helpful . But after 3 attempts , I received the same 100W . Then got frustrated finally . So beware !!
 I have a pair of these for the projector-lens foglights in my 06 ' Subaru Legacy . I bought one to replace the pair I installed initially , which had been in the car for under a year when one of them burned out . The yellow tint is subtle , but light output is good and they do a nice job of cutting through Seattle 's rain and fog . I docked them a star because one of them burned out before a year was up , but the other one is still holding up fine .
 I installed these in the stock fog lights that came on my older Jeep Cherokee . With winter here , it 's really nice to have working fog lights to help shine some extra light on the road low and wide where the headlights miss . Not much to say here really , they 're quality 55W bulbs made by a reputable company , and you ca n't beat the price . As another reviewer stated they are not an intense ` ion yellow ' type color , but more of a subdued yellow like that of old headlights - only much brighter of course . Just fine with me . They arrived quickly and I appreciated the simple packaging - easy to open and minimum waste . Very satisfied .
 I bought these to fit the Auxiliary driving lights in my 300ZX . They are much brighter than the OEM bulbs . The new spade lugs are different than the Bullet plug found on the OEM Nissan bulbs , but a little work with needle nose reshaped the car 's receptacle to accept the spade lug . Very happy with the performance . Have not had opportunity to use them in the fog yet .
 The lights work great ; they are bright and have held up well on a motorcycle . They just do n't appear to be very yellow , in fact no one who has seen them though that they were yellow . There is a yellow tint to the bulb when you look at it when it is turned off , but as soon as you power it up , it looks to be a white bulb . Go figure !
 I purchased these lamps for my fog lights . I was expecting a deep yellow color . After I installed them , they were n't as yellow as I had anticipated . Compared to my headlights , they are noticeably more yellow , and I really like it the way it is , but some buyers should be advised that they are not quite the deep `` rally-car '' yellow you 'll see on a rally-edition Impreza or Focus etc. . I would describe the color of these lights as like a 1990 Volvo with fogged-over headlamp lenses ... but in a good way.On the other hand , the assembly feels of considerable quality and installation is as easy as plugging it in . I ca n't comment on the bulb life as I just purchased them , but if I ever do n't feel they live up to my expectations , I will edit this review.Currently , I am very happy with them -LRB- and in retrospect , glad they are not as deep yellow as I had planned -RRB- .
 I ordered and installed a pair of these Yellow Star bulbs in early October 2011 . One of them burned out in mid-December 2011 . This is the shortest life of any replacement bulb I have ever installed . Full disclosure
 I bought these bulbs hoping for something closer to the 3000K true yellow color but they 're only slightly yellow and have a blue tinge to them around the edges . Against the 6000K HID bulbs in my headlights they look alright , and they 're certainly brighter than the stock bulbs in my fog lights . For the price of course you ca n't go wrong , especially compared to other high-performance H3 bulbs out there -LRB- ahem , Silverstars -RRB- . I 'll keep a couple on hand since all my cars use H3 's for one thing or another , at least until I find a reasonably priced 3000K bulb that 's actually yellow .
 Easy to install on an '07 STI . Good price and trouble-free delivery . While the brightness is fine , I 'd prefer more of a yellow glow . In my view , they have the color of pre-halogen headlights .
 Have had this for 2 years and still works great ! Not a dark yellow tint , but you can kinda see a yellow tint .
 Excellent quality bulbs . Using in fog lights on 2001 Subaru 2.5 RS in the Pacific NW . Great improvement over conventional bulbs . To look at the lights when they are on , or off , they appear slightly blue , but the broadcast light is definitely in the yellow range . This yellow light greatly improves visibility in the rain , snow and fog . Also , the yellow light really makes reflector elements on roadsigns and lane markers POP ! Strongly recommended for anyone looking to improve their visibility in rain , snow or foggy conditions .
 These are significantly brighter than I expected for a 55w bulb with a slight yellow tint . Are they a deep yellow ? No . Do they have to be a deep yellow to do a good job as a fog light bulb ? I do n't think so .
 I have four sets of PIAA trail lights and I always like to have spares on hand , just in case . This work perfect , replacement takes less than 5 minutes .
 I had a no name yellow bulb , it did n't even last a few months , and the yellow color was a bit disappointing . This one has lasted much longer and the color is better , though still not a deep yellow as I 'd have liked , it definitely tints the light yellow , but does n't reduce light output too much -LRB- as the deeper yellow color would do -RRB- .
 I bought a 2 lights about 6 months ago , then liked them so much I bought another pair for my other car . Output is ok , but were only talking 55W , so couldnt expect much . I like the light yellow/purple look and the lights are awesome .
 Really like the bright white yellow fog lights I installed on my 2004 PT cruiser , since my red cruiser did not come with factory fog lights , I installed clear lens driving lights on my car , I ordered two HELLA H83135061
 These are some pretty good bulbs . They may not be as yellow as the PIAA ion crystal bulbs , but they are yellower than stock . They are a bit brighter than the Philips H3 Cystal Vision that I had in my fog lights previously , and the yellow REALLY helps in poor weather conditions at night -LRB- the crystal visions used to cause glare , however they are still good -RRB- . So they are most likely going to be brighter and yellower than stock for you . SO if you are looking for something like that at an affordable price , this is for you . I have Philips Extreme power H4 's in my headlights and these Hella Yellow stars in my fog lamps , and they are a very nice combination in terms of looks and performance -LRB- gives a nice JDM look -RRB- .
 As others have said , I took wish this was more yellow . I guess thats why they did n't include the light temperature . Its not quite the color of a 1990s halogen , but its definitely not yellow ION either.Next to a piaa superwhite , this is yellow , but I still would like it to be more yellow . Ca n't beat the price though . This is almost the same price as a regular halogen bulb.At least its hella quality , and not just some no name bulb .
 The dashboard on my otherwise fine '93 Camry had been an eyesore for some time . Large cracks and dark discoloration affected the overall appearance of the car . After considering several make-shift coverings - and even toying with replacing the entire dashboard , I discovered DashMat . The product that arrived fit my car perfectly , and the color was an almost exact match . For about $ 30 , my car looks respectable again .
 I like the looks of the Dashmat , but I had to use more `` velcro '' than was provided . In fact , the narrow edge between the defrost vents and the windshield could really use a continuous strip . I did n't have that much , so it is a bit wavy . All in all , it still looks good - much better than the cracked vinyl dashboard underneath , but I 'm thinking that maybe I should have gone with the more expensive `` molded to exact fit '' dash cover -LRB- not sure if it is available from Amazon -RRB- . I 'm not dissatisfied though , especially for the good Amazon price .
 It 's a pretty good gauge , although it does n't always form an easy seal with the tire valve . Most importantly , I found this exact model for $ 9.95 at Target , so do n't buy it here .
 Easy and practical way to assure more working life to your set of tires . Highly recomendable !!
 Very , Very Good Gage - For Something With a Battery It Lasted for Ever - Well 9 Year & 10 Months - Wish I Could Finds Another One for 6 Bucks .
 This is the best tire gauge I 've ever had . I have it for 2yrs now and still works great . Well worth the $ 9 i paid for it .
 If you 're like me and fumble helplessly with the traditional mechanical tire gauges while letting out more air than you put in , this the gauge for you ! Simply press , remove , and read . It could n't be easier , and it always works on the first try . In addition to its accuracy -LRB- within 0.5 psi -RRB- the LCD which stores the last reading is large and clear . The casing is plastic and protected by a rubber coating . The manufacturer will replace the battery should it run out .
 This product was purchased in the Fall of 2002 ... Of the ten or so units on the display rack , two of the units ' LCD readout turned on by itself when I squeezed the handle . The reading was 00.0 . The units may have been dropped by other customers . Who knows.Having checked all of the open box units -LRB- the newer shipments were sealed in plastic blister packages -RRB- , I bought the one without the abnormal symptons . For comparison , I also bought a store brand Mastercraft Canadian Tire LCD digital unit for the same non-discounted price . Thank goodness for their generous refund policy at this store.Tests were conducted on one cold tire . After 3 readings , the Accutire consistently read 30 psig -LRB- which was the recommended tire pressure for my car -RRB- . The Canadian Tire unit consistently read 30.5 psig . The cheapest spring loaded stick-type tire gage consistently read 32 psig.I can safely declare that either one of the Accutire and Canadian Tire gages are correct within 0.5 psig as specified . The stick-type gage is way off.Pros ; 1 -RRB- Accurate to within 0.5 psig which is acceptable for safe and economical driving .2 -RRB- -LSB- cost less -RSB- 3 -RRB- 5 year warranty .4 -RRB- Aside from the occasional cleaning of the tip , and as long as you do n't drop it ; it 's maintenance free .5 -RRB- Low temperature tolerable lithium battery .6 -RRB- For my hands , the unit has an ergonomically comfortable rubber-coated grip .7 -RRB- Air tight seal on all valves tested everytime.Cons ; 1 -RRB- A bit chunky in size for compact storage inside the car .2 -RRB- It 's an electronic equipment , so be delicate with it .3 -RRB- Not designed to be water resistant.The unit has sat inside the car through one 2002 frosty southern Ontario winter , and several hot and humid 2003 summer days . No problems so far.A valuable and value priced tool .
 This is by far the best tire gauge I 've ever used at any price -LRB- and by that I mean from a $ 2 K-Mart special to a $ 60 precision mechanical gauge -RRB- . It 's accurate , easy to use , and easy to read . I liked it so much I immediately bought a second one so I could have one in both cars . You wo n't regret this purchase . For what it 's worth , Radio Shack sells this same gague under their own brand label , and they sometimes put them on sale for $ ...
 Before buying the Accutire MS-4020GB Digital Tire Gauge , I was using the typical manual gauge which was n't giving me a precise measurement of the pressure in my tires . Now , with this gauge I can have a better lecture when I put air into my car tires . This is helpful since most of the times you need to have the recommended pressure on your tires according to the car or tire 's manual . It has a nice hand grip , very easy to use and it measures pressure is in 0.5 psi incremental . I do recommend it for those out there who are looking for a more precise measurement , instead of using a manual gauge . I did in fact reviewed other digital gauges out there in the market , but I went for this one due to its low price and the manufacturer specifically makes measuring systems which gives you more confidence regarding support and other technical issues .
 This is a good , easy to use digital tire gauge . I think a better value is the Accutire MS4020-GB , which does just as good of a job for the non-commercial driver at a better value.This is a good quality product , and I would recommend it for someone who needs to measure tire-pressure that is no higher than 99psi . If you need to measure tire pressure between 99 and 150 psi , look to the MS4020-GB .
 This is a good , easy to use digital tire gauge . I think this is a better value is the Accutire MS4000-GB . However , if you want a backlit display , spend the extra money and buy the 4000-GB . I would recommend this gauge for someone who needs to measure tire-pressure up to 150psi . If you only need to measure tire pressure below 99psi , and you want a backlit display , look at the MS4000-GB .
 I have been looking for it for some time now , i was not able to find it anywhere for less that 120 $ it took me about 5 minutes to get the old one out and have the new one in , i put it on in a ford sport trac 2003 and it works just as good as the old one , : -RRB-
 Perfect match to my old buttons and perfect fit . Well they should be , they are Ford .
 Brand new item , great product , fit perfectly and was easy to install . Worked as advertise .
 My husband said it was very easy to install and he did not have to take the sterring wheel off . The complete job took about 30 minutes . This was a first time doing this and had no problems . Everything works good and he is a satisfied customer .
 I purchased this product 5 years ago . The product was as described and worked fine . I found the instructions to install on the internet . Be very care when installing , you will be working around the drivers side air bags . Maybe get a professional to do this job . This part was priced right and you can save some money .
 Very good product and easy to install as a do it your slefer . . Worked very well once I replaced my old controls .
 Quick delivery , easy instructions , and simple installation . After the assembly , the produced worked well and I had my cruise control back ! Thank you !
 This is this first product i have ever left a review and i must say i was a little nervous at first but it turned out to be a breeze i did a lot of research and this is exactly what i needed to fix my 99 ford explorer . . High quality and very responsive works better then the original it even illuminates the letters ca n't find anything bad to say about.Shipping was very fast got it in 4 days and had it installed in less then 15 minutes i just used the switch 's did not need the harness the best way i found to take off the switch 's from the harness is use a flat metal gap gauge , about .018 in thickness . Push it in on the side where the catch on the wiring harness is and gently pull the wiring out . Popped out like I had a tool specifically made for it.I would highly recommend to anyone who is looking to replace their cruise control switch Have A Great Day
 My old cruise control switches were sun wore and hard as a rock . They did n't activate as they should have . These control switches are working great . Easy to install and they are very sensitive to the touch .
 I own a 2002 Ford Explorer SportTrac . After 10 years of my using the cruise control buttons rather than the brake or accelerator pedal my factory ones cracked . My husband was able to install these in less than an hour . They look great and work perfect .
 After ordering the wrong one using the application tool here I ordered this one based on another review . Fits perfect and was an easy install . The picture shows the items reversed so do n't let that fool you . Lots of instructions on the web on how to do this safely and if your cruise control does n't work still you can run the built in diagnostics activated by these switches to tell you what is broken . I have to replace the brake cutoff switch located on the master cylinder but its only an $ 18 part . If you buy and review parts on Amazon please always put what you sucessfully put it on to help out others .
 I am borrowing my brother 's '96 Ranger . I told him that I would take care of the upkeep of the truck while it is in my care . When the the old covers the switches started to disintergrate it became hard to use the cruise control . When I received the replacement switches I installed them one evening after work . It only took about 1 hour to complete the job . The hardest part was routing the new wiring harness around the inside the steering wheel compartment . AND remounting the horn/airbag assembly without setting off the HORN !!!
 When my wife 's Sport Trac developed holes in the Cruise button , I figured it would be a pain to install replacement buttons . but it was a breeze . Just search for instructions on how to replace these.They were shipped quickly , look as good as the originals , and work perfectly . -LRB- It 's much easier to use the existing cables , rather than replace the old ones . -RRB-
 Great product it is the second time i have purchased the SW5928 both time the service was exlent the parts fitted properly and the job was simple the only dissapointment the first lot we got was cheeper just the same i highly raccomend this parts and amozon is great supplier
 I puracased this item to replace the switches on my 98Ford Ranger and am very happy with the shipping and the item
 This is the OEM switch as originally installed , so it fits & works perfectly . The only difficulties I encountered during installation were a result of the way the steering wheel is assembled , not due to any flaw in the switch .
 Just bought this and installed on my 2005 Sports Trac . Took about 30 minutes and works great . -LSB- ... -RSB- has a pretty good write up on how to install it .
 My 02 ranger 's cruise control switches were dry rotted and falling apart . I ordered new one from Amazon , I received them fast . easy to install , they work great . I can even see the seitches at night , due to the LED 's on the face of the switches , my old one did not work .
 Worked perfectly , found install instructions online that worked great - easy fix . Was nervous at first but turned out easy - actually did not have to use the provided cables , just disconnected the cables from the old switches and hooked them up to the new ones .
 I have a 1996 Ford Explorer . These switches to my surprise arrived a day earlier than expected . I chose to install them with the wiring bands intact . Forget about trying to remove your old wires as they are basically imbeded behind the metal housing for the air bag . I ended up just cutting the band wires to free them for removal . After installing the switches I did not try to stuff them back in the old configuration . I simply tucked them in such a fashion to not impede the replacment of the air bag . These switches are brand new and work perfectly in my 1996 Explorer . I Highly recommend purchasing these switches through Amazon .
 I first bought the one shown for a 93 Ford Sport Trac ... Sent it back and bought this one , which says its not for my 93 Ford Sport Trac but for 92 and older , well ... this is the one for my 93 ... works great ... 15 min to install .
 The instructions and replacing the old switches was way too easy . Selecting the product i wanted to buy was very very easy . The way I could compare prices and how fast I could get the item was truly a big factor in where and at what price I was going to pay . I compared prices with several other places too see who had the best price , shipping price and how fast I could get it and Amazon matched all I compared it too . Thank you so much for your help in this matter.Terry
 I am a long time car guy . I have rebuilt and restored many cars over the last 30 years . These kinds of part availability and exact OEM factory parts are essential for me . I do not want to pay $ 250 when I can pay $ 61 in this case for a Ford factory part that fits exactly the application I need and is typically free shipping and tax free ! Make sure you know what you 're looking for , but then search away on Amazon.com to get the best price and the quickest ship .
 Husband was skeptical - but after reading other reviews and instructions - he finally got it hooked up and they are working great .
 A brand new product in the Motorcraft box , for a quarter of what the dealer was asking . Any more parts I need I will look these guys up first .
 Easiest method to remove cable from switch is to insert small screw driver where cable inserts into switch at the small notch and turn screw driver .
 The controls were great replacements for my stock buttons that were cracked.I would recommend this to anyone that needs them .
 The driver 's airbag has to be removed for installation of the Cruise Control Switch which held meup for a day -LRB- fear -RRB- . I went to the Serious Explorations website and found detailed instructions on how toremove the old switch and install the new one and it was a breeze ! Pay particular attention to the partabout removing the switch from the wiring harness as this part can be difficult . Be sure to remove the wiring from the new switch first so you can see how it has to be done.Back to the product review ... The switch is the factory replacement at a fraction of the cost ata dealership . I had a slight problem finding the correct part since this year model uses 2 differentswitches and the Amazon site only listed one . I went to the Motorcraft website , found the other number , then went back to Amazon and ordered the part.Quick delivery great value !!!
 These buttons were a perfect match with my '01 explorer sport , they are a better material than the stock ford buttons , and much cheaper !
 THEY LOOK GREAT . BUT CAME WITH NO INSTRUCTIONS.IF YOU NEED THEM BUY THEM BUT BE PER-PARED TO HAVE SOMEONE EALS TO PUT THEM ON .
 I bought this to replace the switches on my wife 's 2000 Explorer . I have n't installed them yet but the price was right and , assuming they work as advertised , will be very happy with this purchase .
 The product is suppose to work great and I 'm not sure if the problem is the part or something else but its not working for sure .
 The switch arrived in a few days and was better quality than the original Ford switch . It installed easily and quickly taking about 15 minutes ; which included removing the air bag . I wish I had replaced it as soon as the cheap plastic cover on the original began to peel . And the price was far cheaper than what the dealer wanted . If yours is melting or peeling like my old one , do n't wait .
 I 'm a Detroit style cruise control maestro , and I wore out the cruise control buttons on my 2000 Ford Explorer 100K miles ago . A colleague spotted the mess on my steering wheel and told me to look for this product . I 'm really happy with the result . Installation was harder than I expected , because the harness routing was done at the factory at a point that required more disassembly than I wanted to do . Notes from the Internet and the Haynes manual were remarkably useless , but another post here hints at a better strategy
 This item was exactley what I needed at half the price of local dealer . I replaced the entire harness and it was a breeze . If you do this just cut the wires on the old harness instead of trying to fish them around everything , it makes it alot easier , but there is no going back after that . Fishing the new harness around does take some patience , but if you do n't do it the same way the old one is in there it can make connection and the horn will go off when you reconnect the battery .
 The part fit correctly , the price was half of the price quoted by Ford and the part arrived very quickly . The part was packaged well . I 'm very satisfied with the product .
 I installed these within 10 minutes using the original wiring harnesses . There was no need to take out the old harness . These fit perfectly and look great . Would highly reccomend as direct replacements ...
 My old cruise control switch was disintegrating but was still functional , checked dealer for a replacement for I was tired of the eye sore . When dealer hit me with the price of the part I decided to search web to see what I could find . As usual the hit on the Amazon seemed to be the best route to go . Order part , got it a few days later , and it was an original OEM replacement from motorcraft . I installed the replacement and was not sure if it had illumination like the original part . Sure enough it did and it functions perfectly . Very happy with my purchase and Amazon .
 It only takes a socket ans a small Phillips screw driver and about 10 minutes to change this . My switches on my 2002 Sport Trac had cracked and the bulb was burned out on the set side . I am so pleased with the new ones !
 I was searching for a new cruise control switch for my 01 Ford Ranger the plastic covering was falling off . Found several places to buy but they were very expensive . Located this one on Amazon and was surprised on how low the price was compared to the others . Installation was not that hard and my steering wheel looks brand new . The cruise control switch works like a charm .
 Purchased Motorcraft SW5928 Cruise Control Switch came in quickly I am very pleased with the switch works great , best price will recomend to all .
 The controls on my Ranger had cracked and altho they still worked , they looked bad . I checked with my local dealer and it would have cost me $ 225 plus to have them replaced.I saw an article on an auto forum about replacing them myself.Ordered off Amazon , paid $ 61 + with FREE shipping . Got them in less than a week , and in less than 15 minutes , had them installed.Plus , i did n't have to spend a day leaving the truck at the dealer to have it done .
 This was my first attempt at removing an airbag system and working on a steering column . The green LED lights along the right side work sometimes , sometimes not . There is the possibility I might have pulled a wire loose , I 'll check at a later date . The unit fully functions well and did fix the issues I was having with the cruise control system . Took me about an hour to install , not bad for a beginner .
 i was unsure about installing these in the beginning , but they were quite easy . took me 15 minutes at best .
 replaced my cruise switches and worked great ... . i wouldnt hesitate buying other things for my truck if needed ... . excelllent product
 Purchased these to fix the dangling ones on my 99 ranger . A true motorcraft product , these also come with a replacement wiring harness . I tried my best to salvage the old harness , as to make the job easier -LRB- replacement of this harness means going a step further and taking the steering wheel off -RRB- . However , the old harness was all tore up so I did end up replacing the harness as well . Fairly simple and very straightforward , returned functionality and more pleasant aesthetics to my ranger . Dinged it a star because of the crazy fluctuation of the price of this thing on amazon . Seen it sell from the $ 30 's all the way up into the 70 's . Amazon is the master of supply and demand ... wink
 It was the perfect fit for my Ford Ranger and looks just like the original . Simple to install and fit and finish is excellent .
 this was purchased to repair and replace the cruise control switch in a used vehicle we bought for our son.it works well and we are very satisfied with this item ! Thanks !
 The replacement part was easy to install and functions as you would expect it to . The reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the ` resume , set and coast ' buttons do n't have ` lights ' in them -LRB- or they do n't work on this particular switch -RRB- and the original switch did . The ` on and off ' side does have lights . Not a big issues because of the ` rise ' or &#34; hump &#34; for the set button makes it easy to find at night .
 Fit like new . Looks like new . I would recommend it to others . Make sure you have a 2 jaw steering wheel puller .
 Not too difficult to install , did n't need the enclosed cable as the original worked fine.Overall , I 'd rate the product as being as advertised .
 This product is a direct replacement from the OEM company Motorcraft . The Amazon search function suggests that these switches wo n't fit on a 2003 Ford Explorer Sport , but they do in fact fit . Great product and fast shipping ! The Ford `` Stealership '' wanted over twice the price for the same switches , highly not recommended , stay away from those vermin . Install was fast and simple !
 I purchased the cruise control switch for less than $ 60.00 with free shipping that was the best deal I could find any were . I had a stroke about a year and three months ago so it took me a little longer to install switches.I removed switches from harness it came with , used filler gauge on the back side of switch and harness plug to help remove plug , went to ford ranger forum.com for instructions , no problems . Works great very happy .2000 Ford Ranger XLT
 My husband ordered this when the cruise control switch in his Ford Ranger stopped working . He found it was good quality and easy to install . Plus it was backlit where the original that came on his truck was not .
 The switch was a perfect replacement for my 2000 Ford Ranger . The `` on/off '' buttons are actually more responsive to touch and are easier to engage than the original . -LRB- That 's actually how it got broken , pressing too hard on the `` off '' button . -RRB-
 I called the Ford dealership for the cruise control switch and they did have it in stock . The price at the Ford Motor parts house was very pricey . I went on line and found the same part for less than half price . I also found a review that gave a detailed description of how to change the cruise control switch out . Amazon shipped the item and I received it within a few days and installed it in about 5 minutes . If your wiring harness is not in bad shape you only need to unplug the cruise control and install the new one . Be sure you have a pair of needle nose pliers handy , it makes disconnecting the new and old cruise control switches very easy . Thanks again Amazon , I am very pleased with the item and the ease of ordering .
 These controls work as good as the original equipment and were purchased at a great price . My friend installed them for me , and you ca n't tell that they are an aftermarket replacement . I highly recommend these , if your 's needs replacement .
 This is a very good price on an original equipment Motorcraft part . It fit and worked exactly like the original .
 Took about 10 minutes to install and looks great compared to orignal ones that had peeled all the black off .
 Lived with the aggravation of the factory switches that had become intermittent and the plastic cover had partially worn off for a long time . Finally decided to look and see what I could do about it . These are relatively inexpensive and super easy to install . Took about 15-20 minutes . Look great and so far work great too . Highly recommended .
 Item received was as described . Came to me in a factory Motorcraft box . This item fit exactly like the OEM part that was removed . One suggestion would be to the photographer of the item . The two switches are actually reversed in the picture . The tabs are actually towards the center of the steering wheel . The ON/OFF switch is located on the left side of the steering wheel and the SET/COAST/RESUME switch is located on the right side . It was nice to get it installed on my 2001 Ford Ranger 4-wheel drive truck .
 Great product . I was able to replace both switches in about 20 minutes . I used a few ford ranger websites for steps and went very well . Saved a bunch of cash doing it myself .
 These parts were a steal at the price from Amazon . They apear to be genuine motocraft parts and I have had them installed for about 6 months and they remain fully functional . Installation was pretty simple as long as you fully understand what you are doing and do n't mind disconnecting your steering wheel airbag for the install .
 This does not show the wiring harness , but it is included . PLEASE ; disconnect battery before replacing as you have to remove air bag to replace .
 The simplicity of installing this product was as easy as 1 2 3 , The parts were new in the box like the ad said . -- Very happy with Amazon and their people.Many thanks , 66teebird@gmail.com
 This is an oem cruise control , and has performed flawlessly since installation . There has also been no heat marks , which was a known issue with the original factory CC modules from these year models , and would eventually result in the melting of the modules .
 It was as advertised and came quickly , would surely do it again , and recommend others to do it also.Thanks for such great service .
 After reading all of the other reviews on this product , I ordered hoping it really would work & be as easy to install as stated . I was NOT disappointed . The ON buttom cover on my 2002 Ford Explorer Sport Trac had cracked and finally totally disintegrated . My local Ford dealership wanted $ 123.00 plus labor to install . My husband & son assured me they could do this , so I ordered this replacement . My son installed in about 10 minutes !! He just used the new switches on my old cables and everything works great ! Order with confidence that these will work & are easy to install !
 Purchased this set of of cruse control switches new for my 1999 Ford Explorer Sport . I changed them out in about 20 minnutes . These switches also came with wiring betwen them . The quality is outstanding and they work perfect . The words on the switches light up as well . The words did not light up on my old on \ off switch . Would buy again if needed .
 Easy to install and took about 20 minutes . Great tip to slide thin knife in back of switch to disconnect the new switch from the new harness and use old harness . Great installation instructions at fixya.com .
 This was the extact replacement part for my 2000 Ford Explorer . The original control on the left side had broke . Part came quickly . I would order from here again .
 The membrane covering my cruise control switches , on my 2001 Ford Explorer Sport , had deteriorated . The Ford dealer proudly announced he could replace them for $ 230.00 . I found them at Amazon for $ 53.00 . Four days later armed with a screwdriver , needle nose pliers and an 8mm socketand a 12 wrench for the battery , and 20 minutes I had the new switches installed . They were great , work as they should and I did the happy dance .
 THE SWITCH WAS A PERFECT FIT , HOWEVER , I HAD DONE A LOT OF RESEARCH PRIOR TO ORDERING . THE DELIVERY WAS QUICK AND THE PRICE WAS VERY GOOD . THE SWITCH CAME COMPLETE WITH THE WIRING HARNESS WHICH WAS NOT NECESSARY IN MY CASE SINCE MINE WAS STILL GOOD . BTW
 Exceeds expectation . Direct OEM replacement . Installationwent very well and product works like new ... thanks.Fast shipping to ...
 I have to admit , I was a little skeptical about ordering parts through Amazon for my car . But I was pleasantly surprised when I discovered the best price from one of my most trusted sites for online purchases.The item was exactly as described and shipped quickly . I had it installed in a matter of an hour and I did n't have to drive all over the place trying to find it . I like getting home and finding the items I need on my front door step.I need to order some other parts so I will be giving Amazon the business if they have what I need .
 After a couple of days of putting the installation off -LRB- air bag fear -RRB- , I finally plucked up my courage and set upon the task armed with a standard screwdriver -LRB- for prying off the plastic caps that cover the airbag bolts -RRB- , a phillips screwdriver -LRB- for removing and installing the switches -RRB- , and an 8mm box end wrench -LRB- served for both the battery terminal removal and the airbag removal -RRB- . After disconnecting the battery terminals , I went in and ate a hearty breakfast . This step is not necessary , but as I was dubious about the 5 and 10 minute wait times that I had read , I decided to give the airbag abit more time after disconnecting the battery . Plus , the breakfast was great!I pryed off the plastic covers on each side of the steering column to expose the bolts and removed them with the 8mm wrench . With the airbag in hand , I opted to not disconnect the plug , but carefully turned it and slid it on top of the steering column through the top section of steering wheel . Because my switches were the issue and not the wire harness -LRB- Thank God ... the wiring looked daunting -RRB- , I simply unplugged the wire ... okay , not simply , it 's really in there , but there is no lock to it , it 's just a tight fit , so pull firmly on the connector and not the wire harness and it will come off . I did n't use them , but needle nosed pliers might help . The new switches have the wiring harnesses already installed , so you have to play tug o ' war with them as well . Such is life ... It 's plug and play as soon as you 've managed the wiring . Reverse the steps and you 're done . I had stuck my thumb through the rubber of the original switches in my truck and to see those beautiful new ones instead of the rotted , gaping hole ones was awesome.Ford had wanted $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . to do the same job ... $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . just for the part . I got my switches for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- and shipping was free because I am a Prime member . Same Motorcraft box , same everything except the price ... My Yellow 2003 Sport Trac and I are very grateful!Sign me - An old woman in FLA.BTW ... according to the ` is this your part ' thing on the site , this was not the right part , but a call to Ford to get my part number confirmed that it was . Why the mix up ? No idea . I would say that Amazon 's find your part is n't quite up to par . Sorry , Amazon . But my advice is to double check with a Ford parts department and trust their number .
 This item was a perfect fit for my Explorer . There are very helpful reviews on Amazon regarding how to replace this unit , some which list additional web sites that are very helpful . The difficult part which several have mentioned is removing the switch from the harness . On the back side of the switch is a triagular ridge along the edge of the harness that starts from nothing and develops into a lip at the other end . This triangular shaped ridge helps to lock the control in place . I found by slightly inserting -LRB- about 1/8 inch -RRB- , a very thin knife blade and running the blade the length ways down the control , the old switch came off the harness with a gentle pull . You might have to try both directions . The installation was straight forward from there . My cruise control is again functional .
 Installed these cruise control switches myself and they work like they should . Very satisfied with price , product and delivery .
 -LRB- 2001 Ford Ranger -RRB- I was shocked that I was able to find these on here . They were not to difficult to install . They come with the wire harness but if you do n't need them I would not replace them because it will save you about 20 minutes of time . I did not replace them at first because I did not think I needed them but once done the bulbs did not light up the lettering so I took it back apart to install the wrie thining that might be the problem but it was not so I either got a bad set or I have other issues so off to tracing wires I go.Tools you will need
 Excellent - installed in 20 minutes - from the time I disconnected battery , removing air bag - taking old unit out - installing new unit - reconnecting air bag - connecting battery - to setting clock on radio
 the motorcraft SW5928 cruise control switch is a perfect replacement for a 2002 ford ranger.Looks and fit awesome .
 This is A Needed Item for me I use my cruse control A lot , I 'm on A tight Bugdet So finding themAt A Great Price With no shipping charge was just what I needed .
 They arrived quickly and installed just as quick . I also saved $ purchasing from this vendor . I will shop for any other Ford products I need here first from now on .
 The switches fit perfectly in my 1999 Ford Explorer Sport 4.0 L SOHC . The only reason I gave it a 4/5 is because I think these switches should have been remade with different material . They are exactly the same material as the old switches and are sure to mess up again in the next few years . Other than that , they were a quick install -LRB- a total of 6 screws to remove -RRB- . Just make sure you disconnect the battery when messing with the airbag .
 These are the same things you can buy from the dealer . However , there is no instruction information . Also , they come connected to a plug-in wiring harness that you can easily remove if your existing harness is OK.We installed these in a 1999 Ford Explorer . See the installation information in the Ford Enthusiasts site , particularly all my notes about what NOT to do -LRB- it 'd be an easy 30-minute job if I 'd known these things -RRB- :[ ... -RSB- -LRB- Amazon deleted my link . You can Google on `` Ford Explorer Enthusiasts Forum '' and once in the forums , go to `` Search '' and enter SW5928 -LRB- the part number -RRB- . Look for the thread started by `` aldive '' -- it 's very helpful and my comments are in there at the end . -RRB- You can do it !
 I bought this for my 1999 Ford Explorer and it fit just like OEM . Installation was a breeze . Just had to remember to disconnect the battery . It took longer to reprogram the stereo and the clock .
 I have been fixing up my wife 's Ford 1998 Explorer and have been ordering the parts from Amazon . At first I was hesitant , but I 'm now convinced Amazon is the easiest place to buy anything actually . As the previous reviews stated , the installation took about 20-30 minutes . Before I took off the horn/airbag , I watched a couple of youtube videos specific to a Ford Explorer just to make sure that I removed the horn/airbag correctly . I disconnected the battery first , then I removed the 2 plastic bolt covers on the side of the steering wheel . Just be careful when you take off the horn/airbag because there is a wire . Make sure you just do n't yank off the horn/airbag . Also , if you plan to replace the wiring , be care to gently pry off the connectors to the on/off and set/accel devices . The connectors are plastic so they could brake easily if you are too rough . Anyways , it was really easy , just take your time .
 Prompt shippingEasy to installWorks perfectlyI would recommend this product to anyone . I went on the internet and easily found detailed instructions for installing the parts .
 Original Equipment always works the best . Some installation tips can be found on some of the forums that will help tremendously . The connections between the switches and the wiring harness can be difficult to separate . If you only need to replace the switches and not the wiring harness , you wo n't need to remove the steering wheel .
 Direct replacement for originals , worked just fine for the 125,000 miles I used the truck before I sold it , and was still working when I sold it .
 Easy to install and looks just like the original . Good price , and I am very happy with this purchase . Period .
 This is an exact OEM part . The best price and excellent quality of all on the web . Alleviates all the problems with hardened rubber originals.This also solves any safety concerns with the worn switches . Nice pliable rubber makes the switches react immediately .
 As others have said , the hardest part is removing the NEW switches from the included new wiring harness . Removing the old switches was really easy
 I also did some online research and ended up buying these here on Amazon . They are an exact replacement for the factory parts . Very easy to install . Took about 30 minutes including disconnecting the battery and reconnecting . I was able to leave the air bag electrically connected to remove the old broken switch assemblies and install the new ones . I also did not need the wire harness that came with the new assembly as the original wiring was good . I know have new cruise switches and they are illuminated .
 I have the official Ford manual which called for removing the steering wheel along with a lot of other stuff . I found that the switch 's were exactly as advertised on Amazon and the install was extremely easy . Absolutely no problems or concerns and the price was excellent .
 Great product and great price . Cruise control works perfect . Shiping was fast and installation was easy . I would highly recommend if your cruise control panels have busted .
 I had been hesitant to replace these myself and the ford `` stealer '' wanted $ 250 . I ordered them they came fast and exactly as advertised . It took me approximately 30 minutes to finish the job and i 'm no rocket scientist . just put it back together the way you took it apart . just remember to unplug possitive side of battery before beginning . also I used my own cables by sticking a small screw driver under the tab and removing the set that came with it . this way i didnt have to pull the old ones and re-rout the new ones . my cables were not bad . only the switches were ugly and busted up with torn rubber . Excellent purchase and easy improvement to my worn out buttons . I have had them for about a year now and they are still working great . factory same as original .
 Worked great ! I went to you tube and watched video on how to install safely . Make sure you disconnect the battery before removing air bag .
 AFTER GETTING QUOTES FROM REPAIR SHOPS AND DEALER TO REPLACE THE CRUISE CONTROL SWITCHES I DECIDED TO FIND THE SWITCHES ON MY OWN . I FOUND A VERY GOOD PRICE ON AMAZON AND ORDERED THEM . RECEIVED SWITCHES WITIN 5 WORK DAYS AND THEY WERE FACTORY NEW . IT TOOK ME UNDER 1 HOUR TO INSTALL THEM AND THE THEY WORK PERFECTLY . IF YOU HAVE ANY MECHANICAL ABILITY AT ALL -LRB- VERY LITTLE NEEDED FOR THIS INSTALLATION -RRB- I WOULD SUGGEST DOING THIS REPAIR YOURSELF AND SAVE OVER $ 100.00 . MAKE SURE YOU HAVE THE REPIAR INSTRUCTIONS PRIOR TO DOING THIS REPAIR .
 These were genuine Ford Motorcraft parts . I easily replaced the worn out cruise control switches in about 5 minutes . This would have cost hundreds of dollars at a dealer or garage . The Amazon pricing was surprising low for these parts . I am glad I checked Amazon .
 not much other to say that it was the best price here . It was new and it was stock Motorcraft.It is all good .
 This little device with the case is a convenient way to keep your tires properly inflated . Tire pressure is important to getting good gas mileage , but is not the only factor . This digital tire gauge appears to be very accurate and repeatable -LRB- not so with the gauge at the delivery station -RRB- . It is small enough to fit in your glove box or the center console.I 've had this gauge for 2.5 years and it has really helped keep my tires at the correct pressure .
 Actually , I am UNable to rate this item BECAUSE I was unable to make it work properly , BECAUSE its accompanying INSTRUCTION sheet failed to tell me to FIRST remove the protective label covering the display window , in order to be able to see the tire pressure being registered on that display window : -- > That simple situation set off e-mails to the supplier -LRB- unanswered -RRB- ; a rating e-mail to Amazon resulting in an extremely fast response from the supplier ; a speedy phone call from the supplier ; return of the item to the supplier ; and a very quick and satisfactory refund by the supplier . All of this could have been prevented had the INSTRUCTIONS alerted me to the presence of the virtually undetectable protective overlay covering the display -- which masked what the gauge was actually doing . In all fairness , I must assume the gauge was actually working the whole time . All of this was eventually reported by me to the supplier .
 Take care because if not you can lose much air triying to know the preassure of the tires
 Its a good product , very handy and effective.The only shortfall is the dispaly , some times it might not come up as fast you would expect . Still overall a good product .
 I bought another one of these tire gauges for my daughter because it is the best & easiest to use tire gauge I 've ever had . I checked & I could n't find any newer gauge types to even begin to tempt me to try something different . Mine is at `` least '' 10 years old and is still working like a champ . What I love best about it is that I can find the right position on the tire stem very easily and the numbers are big for easy reading . You ca n't go wrong if you purchase this tire gauge .2010 Update
 I 've had mine in the trunk for years , never had a single problem with it .
 love it , its easy to use . I check my tires more often because of it . Lifetime warranty on the battery . sounds good .
 This was the perfect gift , for a friend who constantly checks tire pressure . It comes with a case and easily fits in the glove box . Digital readout ? No more stickey readings ! This new technology easily allows you to read and check the accurate tire pressure . Definately a nice gizmo gift for most anyone who takes care of their cars !
 I 've had one of these for almost 8 years . Has n't given a wit of trouble . I gave my husband one 5 years ago which did fail , but the company replaced it with a new one when we sent the defective back . How can you argue with service like that ? I 've bought 3 more this season to give as gifts . I 've found that the seating does take a bit of finesse , but the old fashioned slider gauges used to give me more issues . Do n't hesitate on this purchase , correct tire pressure is important and everyone who drives -LRB- teens and women especially ! -RRB- need to learn how to check pressure regularly . I 'm a female driver and love this gauge .
 I bought this item back in May of 2001 for the two cars in my house . The tire gauge still works very well , and shows its readings in 0.5 psi increments . As advertised , the large digits are easy to read even in direct sunlight -LRB- I just verified that last week ! -RRB- . It works fine even as I 'm nearing the fifth year of owning this handy item . It even looks brand-new because the case keeps it safe from scratches , dents , and dings that you are bound to get while it is stowed in the glovebox.One thing that should be noted
 This is the greatest tire gauge . My friend had one which I really liked . My other digital one disappeared when I had my car serviced and I wanted to replace it with this one . Glad I did . Works great and even has its own case .
 Received this as a gift a few years ago to replace the plethora of traditional `` stick '' type pressure gauges floating around the glove box , garage , etc.This Accutire gauge offers a faster tire pressure read due to two things . First is obtaining a good `` seal '' between the gauge and the valve stem . The Accutire obtains a good seal far more quickly . The quality of the Accutire 's head is far superior to the head of the stick-type gauges -LRB- ... the manufacturer can spend a little more for a better head -RRB- . Also the size of the Accutire allows you to hold it more firmly and position it more securely on the valve stem . Second is reading what the gauge tells you . With the old stick-type gauge , you have to ponder , `` Is that 33 psi or 32 ? Wait , how many tick marks are covered up inside the stick ? Oh , It 's actually 35 or 34 psi . Well I guess it 's 34 . '' Clearly , not a problem with the Accutire ; the digital display tells you immediately.The case that the Accutire comes in is pretty nice . Mine is a silver-metallic plastic with a solid feel -LRB- your mileage may vary -RRB- . With the case , the Accutire is very easy to find in your glove compartment -LRB- vs. fishing for those old stick-type gauges -RRB- . The real testament is that with multiple cars and just a single Accutire gauge , while each car still has a stick-type gauge in the glove box , I will go to the car with the Accupressure to use it on the other cars .
 I 've had 3 of these and have given 2 as gifts . They 're inexpensive , but as others have mentioned , they suffer from an inadequate seal . Old fashion analog gauges have a good rubber seal on the inside that the MS-4000GB lacks . In fact there is no rubber at all . Because you 're pressing plastic -LRB- the gauge -RRB- against metal -LRB- the tire air stem -RRB- , you must hold it perfectly flush or air will escape , making a reading difficult to get . To me , this is the only thing wrong with this great tire gauge . I 've looked everywhere and have n't found a better digital gauge.Accutire should have used a good rubber contact , but my guess is because rubber wears out faster than plastic , they would n't have to worry about as many warranty returns.HOW TO IMPROVE IT : Get something called `` rubber tape '' . You may need to buy this online or you might be able to find it at your local hardware or electronics store . I used `` 3M Scotch linerless rubber splicing tape '' . The thickness is important . I used .03 in . -LRB- .761 mm -RRB- . I would n't go any thicker . Get something thinner if you can . You do n't want to make it any higher than the gauge 's white airhole center nipple.All you need to do is cut it to the diameter of the inside of the gauge 's mouth , then cut out a small hole for the air hole . It does n't have to be perfect , but the inside hole should be more perfect than the outside.After performing this simple modification , my gauge was about 5 times easier to use and gave perfect readings . No more fiddling to get an airtight fit.When the rubber wears out , just replace with new rubber tape!I only recently came up with this idea , so the 2 I 've given as gifts have probably gotten little use because of this `` flaw '' . I highly recommend modifying the gauge before giving them away .
 Correct tire pressure -LRB- as per the recommendations of your auto and tire manufacturers -RRB- benefit you in several ways :1 . You get better Gas Mileage using properly inflated tires2 . You 're vehicle will give you a smoother , more comfortable ride3 . You 'll have better control , handling and be less likely to have a blow out -LRB- underinflation can lead to an accident -RRB- . In Short
 I got this for my Dad last Father 's Day and he fell in love with it . This is the same man who for all his life relied on a pinch and a kick to test his tire pressure . He found it easy to use , very accurate and likes the long-lasting battery feature .
 The best tire gauge I 've ever used . Gas station airpumps , when they had meters , were inaccurate at best . Now they charge you for air , and you must bring your own gauge . -LRB- I bought an aircompressor , but I digress ... -RRB- Plastic or metal , dial or stick gauges are not accurate either . Mine are at least 2-4lbs off from what the accutire reads . The accutire is cool looking , cool to use , and easy to use and read . My only negative is that I wish it had a longer hold period or a permanent hold with a manual zeroing of the reading . This item costs more than other gauges , but it pays for itself in the long run in more accurate readings hence , longer tire life if you check pressure regularly to maintain proper inflation .
 This is a good , easy to use digital tire gauge . I think a better value is the Accutire MS4020-GB , which does just as good of a job for the non-commercial driver at a better value.This is a good quality product , and I would recommend it for someone who needs to measure tire-pressure that is no higher than 99psi . If you need to measure tire pressure between 99 and 150 psi , look to the MS4020-GB .
 This is a good tire gauge . We 've had it about a month and so far it works fine -- seals properly and gives consistent , accurate digital readings that are easy to read . It comes in a hard case for protection , too , which is nice .
 Very practical gauge , works well , easy to use . Display is easy to read . Ergonomically designed . Nice storage case .
 Been using mine now for over three years . Got 'em real cheap at the time . Had ordered five of them . I gave four to close friends and kept the one for myself . It works very well and is easy to use . You get a nice spring hinged fake leather covered medal case with it . Just like a REVO sunglasses case.Con
 Works great , everyone needs this tire gauge . It is easy to use and easy to read .
 Works great ... use it on my Harley and it is a perfect tool for Father 's Day !
 This is a really good gauge . With its backlit display and almost accurate readings you never go wrong . You need to learn to hold it properly with out the air leak , which I am sure you can after few tries ...
 I bought 3 of Accutire MS-4000B Deluxe Backlit Lithium Digital Tire Gaugekept 2 and gave 1 as a gift . They work great and are very easy to use and read . I would recommend this product to all . Shipping was timely and trouble free . And the product worked great right out of the box.Cliff from Albany New York
 Gauge worked very well , I would recommend it . As far as accuracy is concerned . It reads within 1.0 psi of my other good quality tire gauge . I expected them to read the same , but I guess that shows you it is hard to get gauges which are highly accurate . However , the gauges are very consistant relative to each other ; i.e. one is always one psi more than the other . The protective case is a very nice touch too .
 WOW !! What a product !! I wonder why the gas pumps still use that old brass thing ... the product is good with a lifetime battery what else do you want for less than $ 10 . . now i dont have to wait at the gas pump for measuring the tire pressure I can do it at ease at my home and the light indicator gives you the exact tire pressure instead of me guessing on the flcikering brass indexer ...
 This gauge works fast and easy . If you want to be able to check your tire pressure anywhere fast and easy - this is the product for you . And it even looks very nice and got a solid feel to it.I had to use it quite often , because of a punctured tire -LRB- without me knowing -RRB- and it never let me down , but gave me exact help in refilling my tires . I would buy it once again .
 I had to buy several of these because people keep taking mine . I take mine everywhere and there 's always one in my tool box , well , people use my tool box , and the next thing I know , I 'm missing another gauge.This item is a little on the bulky side , but it quick , reliable , and it gets the job done . It 's also nice looking enough to be given as a gift so I really like these and would definitely recommend it to anyone . I 've also tested it and it 's accurate to 1 psi . Meaning , of all of these I 've owned , the most they 've ever been off was by 1 psi .
 Accutire MS-4000 Digital Tire Gauge is an outstanding way to check the tire pressure of your car . I 've own one for 12 years and it still works . I purchased three more for my family and frind . It comes in a very nice case for storage in your glove compartment .
 I bought one of these for myself some time ago and the men in my family really liked it . I 'm giving 3 for Christmas presents this year . It works perfectly and tells you exactly what your tire pressure is . No guessing as with the old stick type .
 Great product , easy to use , and accurrate . Hard to read in the sun . Otherwise no problems .
 Well it was a gift for someone and he liked it a lot . I bought this item after comparing it with other similar items and am happy that my decision was absolutely correct !!! .
 Without a doubt the best tire gauge I 've purchased . The display is bright enough for those with poor vision to see well enough to read . I like the fact that the reading will stay displayed for several seconds after it 's been removed from the tire stem . I could only ask for the size of the display to be a little larger .
 Product works great !!! Used it up against Sam 's club mechanic and it passed with flying colors . Would purchase it again . Try it , you 'll like it .
 One of the best bargains yet that we have purchased from Amazon .
 This is the 3rd unit I have purchased . I have one and I bought one for each of my two sons . I have had my unit for 4 years and it still works great -- well constructed , accurate , and easy to use .
 this gauge is nice , feels solid , display is easy to read , turns on and off automatically , and looks cool . This is the best pocket gauge I have used . I can not talk about the precision of the instrument itself , or how reliable the numbers are . But it is better than all of the 15-20 dollar gauges you can buy at sears and auto part stores .
 I have found this tire pressure gauge easy to use and to read . The unit is made of high quality materials and comes with a nice case to keep it from getting damaged in your glove compartment .
 This is good tire gauge . We 've had it about a month and so far it works fine -- seals properlly and gives consistent , accurate digital readings that are easy to read . It comes in a hard case for protection , too , which is nice .
 The Accutire is one of the most readable and accurate tire guages I have ever owned . It is relatively easy to use once you figure it out , as the directions are not great at explaining how to get a reading or clear it . This tool does not vary readings with extreme temperature swings like the sliding bar gauges . It is easier to read than the dial gauges.It makes a great gift for gadget lovers .
 This thing is pretty cool . I have not had any problems with it so far . The display is east to read which is nice . Seems to work better and a lot more accurate then those old sliding types . I found it easy to use and fairly simple . This is a great little gift or something good to have in your car or laying around the house . It was coolBig Truck
 harder to use than a traditional tire gauge . I 've had trouble making tight seals with its built in rubber nozzle gasket , and overall therefore readings have varied . I 'd just as soon buy a regular gauge next time , though this one does indeed * look * slick .
 I bought this product after a long time of using its other model -LRB- LCD display -RRB- . I was happy with the other one , but hey , what if I have to read my tire pressure in the night with no light ? So , this is the BEST solution to this , RED Backlit so you can read it in the night or when it 's pretty dark !! It also comes with a very elegant case , looks like glasses case!Remember , measure your tire pressure with cold tires , if you have just parked your car after a trip over 20 minutes , the tires will be filled with hot air , so the pressure will be more than normal -LRB- maybe 1-4 pounds , depends -RRB- .
 Believe me , this product work . Whether it is a -20 degree coldness or 110 degree heat . It works . I have n't changed the battery yet and this is just stored in my glove compartment . This is a must buy .
 Does anyone know what the battery numbers are for the replaceable batteries . Mine are dead and I have lost the manual . Thanks
 Outstanding product easy to use and NO leakage as other reviewers indicated !! Shipping a bit high .
 Very accurate . Tight fit to use on a motorcycle , but works . Nice case and great features .
 I have owned the Accutire MS-4000 gauge for over 3 years and I have always had a problem seating it properly on the valve stem ... you can hear the air leak out each time I used it ... sometimes a LOT of air . But I read some of the reviews stating how they solved this problem and I realized that I simply was n't taking the extra second to make sure the gauge is lined up flat against the valve stem . Now that I take that extra second to align the accutire just before I press it on the valve , it works perfectly with no air hissing out of the tire . Who would have thought I needed instructions on how to use a tire gauge -LRB- I ca n't admit this to my wife ... I would never hear the end of it -RRB- . After 3 years of light use the batteries are still fine , which is a little miracle in itself.I recently compared my readings with a car dealership 's gauge and mine reads 1.5 pounds under the dealer 's . I do n't know whose is correct -LRB- if either -RRB- but other gauges are probably as far off as mine . I wish I could buy one that truly is accurate , but how would you know if it is ? So I follow the tire manufacturers pressure range and when I get close to the minimum I add some air . I may be 1 or 2 lbs off , but I do n't think you can get one that you are certain is more accurate . -LRB- You would think a company called `` Accutire '' would make accurate gauges , but I guess not . -RRB- I am glad I bought it . When it dies I will get another one .
 I purchased 3 of these because they were highly rated by a consumer mag . All 3 show the same rating . I paid 1/3 of retail so the price was great . shipping was fast and free . According to this gauge , my other gauge had me putting to little air in the tires . I read an article that said better to put 5 lbs . too much than 1 pound too little so that 's my guide if this might be reading high . very happy with purchase experience .
 This is the most accurate and reliable tire gauge I have ever had ; I bought one for each of our vehicles . Highly recommend .
 Although a lot of other people commenting this tire gauge of being not accurate or not display the pressure stably . It 's acutally not the tire gauge 's fault but all because those people do n't know how to correct operate the gauge . They are supposed to use the gauge to seal the stem for at least 1 sec for a stable reading . Power is auto on when there is air pressure present on the gauge and auto off when displaying the reading for 5 secs . It has very classic look and premium build and finished . It 's definitely a bang for the bucks . -LRB- $ 9.00 buck is only 3 cups of Starbucks , right ? -RRB-
 The gauge takes some finesse to seat the tire gauge gasket to the valve stem without repeatedly letting air out of the tire .
 Easy to read-great storage case-however , must hold on tire stem a little longer than standard pressure gauges to get reading
 I bought this for a Christmas present but just had to try it when it arrived . It is very light-weight , easy to use and looks great . Even the case it comes in is high quality . I am now haveing second thoughts about giving it as a present . I want to keep it for myself !
 I bought this when the air conditioning in my wife 's truck went out , and for the last 5 months it has worked flawlessly .
 Installed this in about 5 mins . It feels like an OEM lever but it was actually polished even better than the original I replaced .
 How they can send me these rotors for this price is beyond me!These were a perfect fit and work GREAT!I would recommnd these to a friend and I would buy them again !
 Centric brake rotors are a solid value brand and I have these on my second car . They are quiet , have great stopping power and last a reasonably long time . These are NOT performance rotors and I would not put them on V8 corvette but on a 1994 Nissan Sentra they work great .
 Glued a Shelby Logo on a rear deck wing with this stuff . Worked great , but I smeared a little . It says to put the 2 pieces together , then take them apart , then put them back together . I do n't ever remember doing that with the old stuff . ??
 This oval lighted rocker switch is high quality , is compact and easy to install . The green LED light is bright enough for daytime , but not overbearing at night . I purchased two of these for my HELLA lights installation . These are far better quality than what comes in the box from Hella Light Kits . I recommend this switch and would buy again if I was in the market .
 Why you may not understand what i 'm talking about but here it goes , i have a Beeman RS2/Grizzly x2 Duel-Caliber -LRB- Pellet Gun -RRB- and every 35-50 shots the Screw holding the changeable barrel loosens i have shot over 1000 shots and not a bit loser than it was when i first applied the thread lockerWhat i like about thisfor like 3 bucks i am very pleased with this item have not had a single problem with it and i brought 2 day shipping with it and it came 1 day earlier packing was goodWhat i Do n't like about thisNot a thing
 Good stuff I have used it for years . way better price than I could get it locally . I use it on my scope screws for my airguns .
 I purchased this to lock down a threaded retainer ring on a faucet assembly that always seems to work itself loose , resulting in the faucet stem popping off and water spraying all over the kitchen . I applied the threadlocker as directed and it has n't budged . Great stuff .
 Used this on the screws for my free floating hand guards on my AR . The liquid was a good consistency and holds the fore grip very tight .
 I work in electronics and I use this for replacing jackscrews for Dsub connectors . Any time I have a piece of equipment that rattles use this on the screws .
 It does what it is intended to do . I just know it is over priced . I am too busy to think of a homemade solution so for now , we will stick with it . So far no bolts have come loose -LRB- application
 Gates 22196 Upper Radiator HoseExcellent quality GATES product , even has the protective plastic covering with it !!! WOWGreat price to boot . Ca n't go wrong with GATES , been in business you many many years.Buy with confidence.Will add pictures soon.RagenRat
 I ordered this for a recently purchased Honda Pilot ... The cargo mat arrived quickly . My carpet is protected from firewood , bags of fertilizer , and such . I had a question about the order , and my email was responded to almost instantaneously ... really good customer service . Great guys to do business with !
 Just a warning - this item comes with a few bolts , but buyers should probably order extras . It does NOT come with a gasket.I 've given this item 5 stars because it looks and sounds nice and it fit well in my '96 Civic , and I do n't think it 's caused other problems I 've had - will update review when I find out if everything is OK.My car had a check engine light throwing a P0135 code for `` 02 Sensor Heater Circuit Malfunction '' and intermittently throwing a P0420 error code for `` Catalyst System Efficiency Below Threshold . '' I never did anything about it for a while since my car still passed emissions.I left it alone until I started getting idling problems . After warming up a while , if I went to neutral when the engine was revving over 2k RPMs the tachometer would drop like a rock and I 'd stall out.Not wanting to replace my catalytic converter , I figured the bad sensor was causing the P0420 code , and I 'd read online that a bad oxygen sensor can cause idling issues , so I bought a Bosch 13007 sensor to replace my OEM sensor . When I took the heat shield off the exhaust manifold to put the new sensor in , I noticed that the manifold had several hairline cracks where the center two pipes met near the O2 sensor port . Wanting to address one problem at a time , I put the new sensor in to see what would happen.As expected , with the new sensor the P0135 code was gone , but I still got intermittent P0420 codes . However , it seemed to fix the idling problem.After a few months , the idling problem returned . Doing some more research , I read that a cracked manifold can cause the 02 sensor to read a lean exhaust mixture and make the computer add extra fuel to compensate , which can deposit on the sensor and ruin it . Regardless , I had committed to replacing the manifold at this point.I got this manifold and a new Bosch sensor , just in case the old replacement was ruined . After both parts were installed , I still had the idling problem , so I had a friend take a look . It turned out the inside of the throttle body was gunked up , and after spraying a bunch of cleaner in it , the idling problem was gone . The P0420 codes also disappeared . I was ready to rejoice , but then the car started throwing intermittent P1362 codes for `` TDC sensor no signal . '' This is a pretty serious code which should put the car into ` limp ' mode , but it was running fine . There 's also a separate code for an intermittent TDC signal failure , so I was confused as to what was causing it.When I got the manifold replaced , my friend advised me not to use German -LRB- Bosch -RRB- parts in my Honda . He had seen cases of Bosch sensors in Hondas screwing with the computer . The TDC code , while seemingly benign , is still annoying . I 've since ordered a Denso sensor to replace the Bosch . I 'll update this review if it turns out to fix the code.UPDATE
 Nice stainless steel . works good . and looks just like the drawling . You might have to trim the bolts to make them fit good . they are a tight fit .
 My husband needed this kit to repair our jetski . I could n't find this entire kit before Amazon . Everyone would either sell you individual pieces , or 2 pieces here , 3 pieces there , but by the end you were paying a whole lot more than this kit . My husband was happy with it , shipping was prompt.The ONLY reason for 4 stars , is because the ordering of this kit was a bit confusing . I placed the order , and the next day when I went into my Amazon account to check the status of it , the picture of the item I had ordered was different than the one that was associat4ed with the item when I ordered it the day before . When I called the Amazon rep told me they were sold out & the kit I was going to get , was the one in the new picture . I said , I do n't need that one so we ended up cancelling the order before it ever shipped.Once we cancelled it , voila !! there 's the kit I need back in Amazon 's inventory -LRB- with the correct picture -RRB- , so I call Amazon back again . This time the other rep I spoke to explained that I had ordered the only one left of that specific kit & they had changed the photo for the next person who was going to order it.So at the end , I ended up reordering it , and received the correct kit , which we were happy with , especially the price , but the ordering process was a bit of a pain .
 Hard to find glass lens replacements for KC Lights available here at Amazon.comPerfect fit OEM parts that I could not find any where else !! And priced reasonably !!!!!!! KC Hilites 4205 6 '' Driving Reflector
 These lenses fit directly into the KC day lighter housings Ive had for years ! The lights I had were long range -LRB- pencil beam -RRB- and after using for years I decided it would nice to have a wider beam . These worked perfect . I also upgraded to the KC 130 watt bulbs and the light in front of my truck is awesome ! A good estimate would be that they are 5x brighter than the stock high beams . They do not reach as far as the pencil beam day lighters but still reach out 3x further than the stock head lights .
 The prices on these are constantly changing so buy them when the prices are really low below $ 25 . I 've had sealed beams before this and these are great but I believe the sealed beams were the best
 It was an exact replacement for the damage lens , I had no issues installing it , Fast delivery as well so I am very satisfied with this purchase .
 I edited this review 11-27-2012 and hope this supersedes my prior review , as I had been wrong about these lights.The KC HiLites are good lights . I ordered a set of Daylighters in late 2010 and put them on a Setina push bumper that was mounted to a 2008 Ford Crown Vic squad car . They provide great extra long range light . I generally used them while driving at high speeds to emergency calls in rural areas.These lights must be installed threaded post down , even though there are no warnings or advisories in the Data Sheet or the Installation Manual . Not doing so will result in moisture building up in the light housing itself . -LRB- I know from prior experience -RRB- As the moisture rose behind the reflector to the light bulb opening , it began to overwhelm the little moisture drain hole in the reflector . The light reflector soon looked like a partially filled fish bowl . There are small moisture drain holes at one end of the lenses , and these need to be installed hole side down.That leads me to this review . I liked the lights so much that I ordered 2 replacement reflectors and 2 replacement light bulbs August 2012 . Amazon sent them in three different boxes several days apart , the light reflector / lens boxes had the same parts number , but one glass lens was clear and the other came with `` rippled '' glass -LRB- flood type ?? -RRB- That being said , these lights were installed properly and I have not had a problem with them . The light quality is great.Hope this helps . Bottom line
 My husband needed this kit to repair our jetski . I could n't find this entire kit before Amazon . Everyone would either sell you individual pieces , or 2 pieces here , 3 pieces there , but by the end you were paying a whole lot more than this kit . My husband was happy with it , shipping was prompt.The ONLY reason for 4 stars , is because the ordering of this kit was a bit confusing . I placed the order , and the next day when I went into my Amazon account to check the status of it , the picture of the item I had ordered was different than the one that was associat4ed with the item when I ordered it the day before . When I called the Amazon rep told me they were sold out & the kit I was going to get , was the one in the new picture . I said , I do n't need that one so we ended up cancelling the order before it ever shipped.Once we cancelled it , voila !! there 's the kit I need back in Amazon 's inventory -LRB- with the correct picture -RRB- , so I call Amazon back again . This time the other rep I spoke to explained that I had ordered the only one left of that specific kit & they had changed the photo for the next person who was going to order it.So at the end , I ended up reordering it , and received the correct kit , which we were happy with , especially the price , but the ordering process was a bit of a pain .
 perfect fit and easy to install . Much cheaper than oem part . Installed and truck fired right up without an issue .
 Used these to install new 6.5 speakers in the front doors of a 2000 suburban , and they work great . They appear to have tabs for other applications , but they do not interfere with anything . It is nice to have an aftermarket product to replace the oddball factory mounting .
 This product covers our Dodge Ram truck dashboard perfectly ! Color matches the interior too . Thin and lightweight , it 's easy to clean and remove if needed . Excellent , inexpensive solution for an ugly , cracked dashboard .
 Fits well and does the job . Great price and product it really does work and make the van look finsihed at the front
 This jacket is great . I kind of regret getting the white one because it will get dirty faster than the black or blue , but the jacket is very good . I am a Florida driver and when you take the inside liner out and open the vents you can stay fairly cool knowing that you have titanium and top quality elbow pads as protection . The inside liner can keep you very warm , but do n't be mistaken , this is n't a winter jacket . Great buy . The white is really nice , I am just worried about going through a patch of bugs . So far it has been a month and is perfectly clean , but I will see later when the bugs come out . The look is a little ... hmmm ... muscular ? if that makes sense . Sometimes I feel like I am wearing a fake muscle suit , but if that doesnt bother you , I would strongly recommend the jacket .
 I saw no difference in light intensity of this bulb over the standard 60/55 watt bulb -LRB- HLA-H83140101 -RRB- that Hella manufactures . However , it does work well , produces white light , and gives an excellent beam pattern . Just a little more expensive ...
 Great product and well adapted for the need to update your bulbs with good performance one -LRB- much better than cheap ones found in stores -RRB- . I recommend highly this quality product .
 Put this baby in a Hella 7 '' on my M/C . Do n't know how it will hold up as I 've only run it for 900 or so miles . -LRB- high wattage and more heat -RRB- High beam goes way out there.Have thought about running both elements when on high -LRB- better side visibility -RRB- but have reservations about the extra heat toasting the elements.It is a great help in seein what you do n't want to be a hittin.Deer and black cows etc.in the road.Just do n't be lax to get on dim when some one is a comming because 100W is almost twice the legal max , and take some time on proper aiming .
 Put these using the upgraded pigtail and Hella housings here from Amazon and WOW , what a difference !! My previous bulbs in the stock housings of my 86 Grand Wagoneer were 40/60 . Kicking these things on high really light up the road with some good , clear -LRB- hotspot free -RRB- lighting . Definitely worth the money !
 Good price , good product . You can pay 10 times the price for 10 % brighter bulbs but they also last 10 % of these . Make sure you really need the expensive ones . This a good bulb at a very reasonable price . If they were brighter the fift star rating will be there .
 the hella 100w/55w is a standard motorcycle headlight on low beam , but high beam is ... twice as bright ! and projects twice as wide . lets you see as far as car high beams.says `` clear '' but its the normal red tint seen in normal head lights . these guys sent it air bag packed in 2 ft box ! shipped to ups fast!would buy again !
 I live in a rural area , and the additional light -LRB- on high beam -RRB- really helps avoid deer etc. on the road at night . The low beam is the same as a standard bulb , so it does n't blind other drivers . Great product .
 Exactly what I was looking for . I ca n't figure out why I did n't order these years ago . I used aircraft landing lights for high beams in the 60 's and these also put out the light .
 GREAT LIGHT TO REPLACE THE STOCK BULBS WITH . THE REGULAR -LSB- LOW -RSB- BEAM IS THE SAME AS BEFORE BUT THE HIGH -LSB- 100W -RSB- LIGHTS REALLY LIGHT UP NICE FOR THOSE DARK ROADS.THIS WAS A GREAT ADDITION FOR MY MOTORCYCLE . VERY HIGHLY RATED !!!
 This is the best wattage combination for rural living . The extra power driving at night on dark country roads helps illuminate critters that might otherwise end up flattened .
 Got these for my Jeep Cherokee that i did the H4 upgrade for -LRB- using autopal ecode housings and the eautoworks harness -RRB- , they are great bulbs , good low beam light and great high beam coverage -LRB- the housing directs highs to pencil beams but if directed them a bit wider it would be perfect , but thats not the bulb 's fault -RRB- . for 15 bucks it was a great upgrade .
 Good headlight upgrade . The extra wattage on the high beam really lights up the road nicely when you are on the road alone .
 Bright nice , picture of product on website should be like the product being sold , not a a generic picture .
 bulb was cheap and works very well . I would stay away from more expensive bulbs and buy these again no question .
 I bought these as part of an upgrade for an H4 conversion on my 2005 TJ . When I must use Halogen bulbs , I always stick with Hella bulbs as their quality and durability have never let me down.The low beam wattage is the same as a standard 55/60 bulb with no issues with blinding oncoming traffic , the high beams are very generous with output . I have also upgraded to direct wiring from the battery using the Putco 230004HW but found the relays to be junk . I have purchased and will be upgrading those relays to fused HELLA 003530041 relays for added reliability .
 I recently installed new brake pads on one of our cars and I used this product to clean the components of all grease , oil and other contaminants . This stuff really works well and it wipes off and evaporates quickly . It is ideal to clean up oily parts or a spot on the floor.While it does work very well you should take notice that this product is extremely flammable and toxic . Breathing the vapors can cause unconsciousness or central nervous system disorders . It can affect your vision from overexposure and if consumed it can cause blindness and or lung disorders . The Material Safety Data Sheet has a multipage list of warnings and directions.Use it only in well ventilated areas and keep it away from children in a safe location . It is a good product as long as you take the necessary precautions . Do not use it around any source of ignition .
 Using these as back-up lights on my truck . And oh yes , can I see behind me , along with dealing with hooking up a trailer , helps a lot .
 Replaced all 4 struts/shocks on my 2000 Subaru Legacy wagon with KYB . The difference was like night and day ; of course the originals were pretty shot after over 120K miles.These do give about an inch more ride height over the stock struts and can make installation a bit tricky . I did all four in the driveway on one afternoon . Just make sure you have a good McPherson strut spring compressor set and an impact wrench really helps out in removing the lower bolts , at least in my case.One tip , if you are careful about marking the lower bolt which is used to adjust the alignment , you can put them back in using the same orientation . I did n't even have to adjust the alignment afterwards .
 mounting these lights are a little challenging but with a little persuasion , they will mount fine . great for offroading and lighting up the road with a little snow on the ground .
 I am very pleased with my shocks . I put them on my 1964 show volkswagen . It rides like when it was brand new . I have told several people about how good they make the ride .
 WORK NICE AND GIVE A GOOD RIDE AT A GREAT PRIZE . EASY TO PUT ON AND A NICE LOOK AS BLUE WHEN YOU LOOK AT THEM FOR ANY LEAKS OR PROBLEM WHEN DUNE BUGGYING IN THE SAND
 It 's hard to beat for the price , it was cheaper than rebuilding my old alternator . Works great on a chevy big block for my old vintage truck -LRB- no need for all these amps -RRB- . The alternator also comes with the test data chart showing the output in Amps for a range of rpms . Excellent value .
 Although I have n't really `` used '' this exactly , -LRB- it 's intended for emergency-use purposes when offroading -RRB- , it seems solidly built and bright enough to do its job . Magnetic base seems to stick well.My only real complaint is that the power cord needs to be basically stretched/uncoiled to oblivion to reach the roof from the power outlet.For the price though , it 's hard to complain .
 Perfect fit , no tophat issues with the covers , this was the best price . I could n't be happier , the suspension rides like new .
 Good product , fit well on my 87 Toyota Pickup . Installs in less than 30 minutes . Gives my truck a much stiffer ride . Eliminated a lot of `` creaks '' from the truck suspension . Seems to work just as well as those expensive shocks .
 This is a direct fit replacement for my 93 Toyota pickup 2wd -LRB- 22re -RRB- . The factory shocks were past due to be replaced so obviously there was a drastic improvement in ride quality . Installation is about as easy as you can get when it comes to shocks . 1 hr start to finish for all 4 shocks . These are for the front only.They do NOT include a boot . What you get is whats pictured in the second picture . You can order a pair of boots separately or run them without . I chose to run them without .
 My van overheated -LRB- bad thermostat -RRB- and blew out the coolant tank . I replaced the thermostat and coolant tank but the old hoses looked a little worn . I did n't want to take a chance on them going out since I had a road trip coming up so I ordered this hose and swapped it out . It fit perfectly and seems well made . It was also much cheaper than buying it from the dealer .
 I ordered this as a Christmas present . It arrived quickly and in great shape . It had really great detail . Very good quality . I would buy from this seller again .
 These are much thicker than I expected and I 'm sure will last a long time ! Bought for my daughter as a gift and she loves them ! Very nice and good quality material . Well worth the price ! Delivery was quite fast also . Thank You !
 They look great , protect my new trucks carpet , represent the &#34; old school &#34; Harley Davidson style . What more could you ask for in a floor mat ?
 This is the second time I have ordered this particular product and for the second time I am very pleased with the product , speed of delivery and hassel free order procedures . I also appreciate the cost savings of buying on ebay then directly from the Manufacturer of the vehicle which costs 3 sometime 4 times more then buying from here . Thank you for giving me this option I really ca n't say how pleased I am .
 Update
 REGARDLESS of color , HELLA bulbs are a choice that wil make your life safer.Want more light with a factory harnesses , buy HELLA CLEAR bulbs.HELLA makes the most reliable and brightest bulbs available . I prefer the HELLA CLEAR 100/80w over the 130/90w -LRB- power needs -RRB- , some friends like the 100/55w for city use -LRB- DOT/POLICE issues -RRB- . They last longer than bulbs costing much more and have saved my life many times due to seeing life-threatening obstacles before it was to late .30 years of experimenting with bulbs , many burned wiring harnesses , colored bulbs , PIAA , Sylvania , JDM , etc. . HELLA is MY choice and PORSCHE applications add to my arguement.If you want BLUE bulbs buy the HELLA OPTILUX or XENON SERIES . I prefer the CLEAR due to the increased light over factory standards and SEEING better in the dark .
 I 've upgraded headlights on most of the vehicles I 've owned.This was on my BMW R1100R motorcycle , which uses one H4 bulb in a separate headlight shell.Stock -LRB- 55/60W -RRB- was poor . I added a relay harness -LRB- I usually do this first -RRB- , this brought the light from the stock bulb up to ` adequate ' . But it 'd still only one bulb unlike a car 's two , and I need to see just as much or more on a bike as on a car . So I went looking for an uprated H4 bulb ... Man , some people want crazy prices for a bulb that cost no more to make ! I 've seen $ 40 and up . I found a Hella 80/100W for a sensible pricw , and a Hella 100/130W for about the same price . I happen to know that 100/130W can melt the stock connectors sometimes . So I got the 80/100W . This now provides about the same light output as a decent pair of car headlights , does not exceed the connector 's rating , and attracts no undue attention -LRB- it 's technically illegal -RRB- , and I can see just fine now . :-RRB- Hella make excellent quality bulbs.Still going strong well over a year later , with daily use ... Update
 Looks like management at Hella is drinking American outsourcing Cool-Aid ! Received a pair of Hella 100/80W bulbs -LRB- still putting harness together -RRB- . To my surprise the box says that bulbs were made India . Aghh - So what happened to parts made in WG ?? Disappointing .
 I have been using these bulbs for decades , and love them . Trouble is , they are difficult to find , and often very expensive . Here , they are cheap , easy to find , easy to get , and while they do n't last as long as regular halogen H4 bulbs , they are so much better at illuminating the road that I believe they add a huge safety margin .
 very good they give me all the light I need for night driving . I can see through rock.LOL very good .
 This was purchased as an upgrade to my none-too-bright BMW 650 's light which is simply inadequate for safe nighttime use . This is not the end to the magical lighting journey some may be on but it puts you on par with the cage drivers and out performs any bike OEM I have ever ridden . Unless your bike is a daisy , you should have no issues running the extra juice or heat issues either . Low is better than OEM and high and high is like a landing light . Did not have adjust for the cagers and no undue attention from the Man . An absolute winner !
 These bulbs perform great . Whiter and so much brighter than any other standard H4 . Finally I can see at night .
 I 've had a pair of these lights in my pick up for 3 winters now . And Alaska winters are long and dark . They have lasted far longer than I expected . They also seem to help the flat light conditions we get sometimes making for a lot safer winter driving . Even the low beams are superior to the old sealed beams I had.Would I recommend these ? Darn tootin I would . I liked them so much I bought another set for my other pick up .
 Great , been using for over a year now and have been great , bright hot clean light , cuts threw most fog but the thickest , more than enough to blind oncoming drivers , got with the rampage 7 ' conversion kit for my 96 miata
 Use this for off-road use , instead of the regular bulbs in the headlamps . Very easy to swap , so I keep the others at hand for street use .
 I included these along with housing replacement to upgrade from sealed beams on my Cherokee and the difference really is night and day . These Hellas are brigther than the no-name bulbs that came in the upgrade kit and they have lasted through some rough driving and drenching .
 this bulb is way brighter than a stock bulb , yes i understand it is supposed to be.however this thing is almost blinding.perfect for offroad use.not on the highway for sure .
 I bought these in conjunction with a Rampage 5089925 Halogen Conversion Headlight Kit and have never looked back . I would definitely but them again with out hestatation
 1995 Dodge Spirit , driven on almost totally deserted terrible roads because I can not get from my cardiologist 140 miles back home before sunset . I had a young man install the 100/80 lamps.Do they light up the road better ? Oh heck yes . I know the car has a factory headlight relay so I am not concerned about the load on the headlamp switch . I am also smart enough to realize that halogen bulbs hate high voltage so I did not `` upgrade '' the wire harness to larger wire . Either these things were going to work or they were n't . I wanted better light and I got it . High beam is now useless :-RRB- as low beam lights up the road better than when I used to fiddle with the dimmer stalk and light up both high and low beams at the same time with the original bulbs -LRB- which are not DARKENED with age BTW -RRB- . These things are way too bright to be legal in the states , but if I have to travel north of the border I intend to readjust the aim way down to not offend oncoming traffic . Here , there is NO traffic . I need to see what 's a hundred feet or three hundred feet down the road , not a half-mile . The side visibility is brighter as well . To see cattle and burros with.Anyone who believes these Hella lamps are no brighter than Silver Stars should check the voltage at the headlight socket . I 'm old , I have cataracts and even I can see a big difference . I can only shake my head .
 I saw this product listed on Amazon.Com . I was searching for a more powerful Halogen H4 headlight for my 1999 Honda Valkyrie Tourer . Even after I had previously upgraded to a better stock Halogen headlight rated at 65/55W , this was simply not cutting it ! I needed & required better illumination at night on mountainous dark roads & pothole back roads where I work in the desert at a State prison . After 1 week of use , I was impressed with the MUCH improved illumination power , brightness & distance the bulb shown . I had to insert a 20Amp mini-fuse after the 10Amp mini-fuse blew . Now , 3 weeks later I have had no problems . I highly recommend this bulb for efficiency , performance & low pricing !
 These say `` off road use '' . Well , if that is true many of the other bulbs should say that also . I chose these for the bit of extra wattage without going to bright and shortening life . Also because they are standard color . I had a pair of blue-tint 100/90W that I got off of ebay for only $ 5 and they lasted 4 years ! -LRB- I think this is an indicator of realistic value of those $ 40 + bulbs -RRB- . These seem to be a good name moderate price bulb with that bit of xtra power . mbm
 I installed these on my cherokee with an upgraded wiring harness and they work awesome . Very bright bulbs , packaged nicely , easy to install , and at a great price .
 Just purchased the Hella HLA-H83140171 H4 12V 100/80W Halogen Bulb for use on my motorcycle . While I have yet to ride at night since installation I can attest the bulb is brighter during the day and has gotten notice from fellow riders.Shipping was very fast .
 Was riding next to my buddy with his stock light , And the reflection off tailgaits was much brighter on my side.My book that equals greater viability.Fantastic night time illumination.Cheap.Stock wiring is not over heating 2002 concours .
 The low beam brightness is perfect for daytime use -LRB- to be seen by other motorists -RRB- . Both high and low beams are extremely bright at night . Use only with a glass headlamp system as a plastic lens may begin to melt with this kind of power . Overall , my visibility at night improved dramatically , which is why I purchased this lamp . Priced very well for the result .
 well everyone its a intake hose ... theres not all to much that can go wrong with them ... i had no problem with it .
 It 's freaking blue . Really freaking blue . I probably should have went with black . However , my oem intake arm deteriorated beyond being usable and needed something cheaper than the expensive oem piece . It does n't include clamps , so if you do n't have any , order 2 .
 This really worked as it said . I was about to hook it to my air intake and rig a DIY Cold Air intake system for my car . Best part is I had to do very little work to remove stuff under the hood to make room . I 'll be buying again soon .
 Got these for a Nissan Pathfinder with 160k . Great dampening ratios . Valving offers comfort while maintaining control . Good quality construction . I really like the ride and handling these offer . I was worried that they 'd be too stiff/harsh . Not the case at all , they are perfect .
 Bought this to replace my rear mount which was completely torn for my 2003 Tiburon GT V6.It works perfectly , looks just like the OEM one that was on there previously.Doesn ' t take much time or effort to do it yourself , save yourself some money and buy it and try it on your own .
 As expected fitment was great with no issues . There was substantial vibrations at idle in the car . Nice and smooth now , no more vibrations . This is a rear motor mount on a 2002 Hyundai Elantra.Thank You
 These were coated from the factory and had no rust in the center or anywhere at all as some other reviews had indicated . They appeared to be the same quality as the original rotors on the car . They perform very well in either wet or dry road conditions.I also ordered the CT3 brake pads and they are awesome as well . Bendix seems to make high quality parts .
 Purchased for my 2003 Honda VTX 1800 . At first from the picture I was unsure what the long bar/bracket was for . Turns out it gets installed on top of the right footrest and covers up the brake lines which lie on top of it . This was a very nice surprise as I only thought the kit included the master cylinder cover and cap . This was a very nice addition and one which I like very much.The master cylinder cover and cap went on very easily and look fantastic ! Although I just installed and thus can not comment on the durability of the pieces , I am very pleased with the quality and look of this kit . I would highly recommend !
 Great Item , very durable ... Shipping was prompt . Does n't come with a pin , but considering the price ... it is very reasonable . Looks great on my Durango !!
 Installed them on a truck , pretty easy . Hope they last . They seem well built and look good . I only installed them on the back so dont know about all around use .
 Saved a pile of money over mopar switch and it 's still working perfect almost a year later . Highly recommended for anyone , even if you have to have a mechanic install it .
 My new keyless remote works perfectly , I was pretty impressed . It arrived promptly , with detailed instructions for programming . I was prepared for the programming to be difficult , but it worked on the first try . No problems .
 Fast shipping and fast to program , took me about five minutes.Its exactly as the one in the picture.The price is just right .
 I went to my Nissan dealership and they wanted $ 200 + for a Key Fob and I decided to go online and do some research and stumbled up this item . The Do-It-Yourself Programming information was very self-explanatory and easy to understand . All in all , an amazing deal compared to what they try to charge you at the dealerships for these Fobs !!! : -RRB-
 From 98 to 2004 the LH class uses a newer motor then the older 93-97 models . This tool still works and works great for swapping timing belts , keeping the motor in TDC , keeps cams lined up for head rebuilds and also able to remove the timing sprockets . The price is a bit much but it 's cheaper to buy this tool then having to end up rebuilding a head from a bent valve .
 This is a LOT easier than trying to line up each tooth on the timing belt ! Just put this in place to hold the CAM and stick the new timing belt on any old way that it fits . The timing will be perfect . This is by far the easiest timing belt that I have ever done .
 It worked perfectly for aligning the camshafts , but we did not know we also needed to order the tool to set the correct depth of the crankshaft gear -LRB- which we had to go elsewhere to find -RRB- .
 EASY TO USE EXCELLENT ITEM , GOT JOB DONE FAST , ACCURATE . RECOMMENDED TO ANYBODY , EASY TO FOLLOW INSTRUCTION . 5 STAR ALL AROUND .
 Worked to perfection would recomend this tool to an one who is doing cam seals on the 3.5 litre engine in the mopar family .
 1999 300M motor was missing and surging . Ran rough . The timing belt had been replaced . Ran well for a while then started missing and surging . Reset the timing belt with the proper tools , which fit exactly right . Turned out the problem was defective spark plugs which had been installed at the same time . After the replacement , the 3.5 l motor ran strong .
 Great quality hose that fit perfectly . I 've used other brands that did not have the specific specs as OEM , but these were exact .
 This is american made so it was thicker material in inches than the original , so had to use different clamps . Fit good .
 Great Item , very durable ... Shipping was prompt . Does n't come with a pin , but considering the price ... it is very reasonable . Looks great on my Durango !!
 I have had these lens on my KC 57 series fog lights for several years . Overall they have done pretty good . DO NOT run 100 watt bulbs with these lens , they will melt . Been there , done that . KC offers a glass clear fog lens that will handle 100 watt bulbs .
 The strobe light I purchased works very well and now I will use it to find my vehicle at night when I 'm way off the bank ice fishing.Being out in center of lake ice fishing or in boat fishing will be a breeze getting back to car with this strobe light .
 The part fit fine and installed easily , why pay a mechanic over a hundred dollars when you can do this so easily yourself for so cheap
 Bought this through Amazon 3 months ago , and am very pleased with its performance . No idea how the flip-up face piece will do in a bad fall -LRB- thank you very much -RRB- , but the improvements over full-face helmets I have owned make it worth the price . Being able to keep my glasses on when donning/removing the helmet and being able to lift the faceplate while stopped in hot Florida traffic are both a plus.The helmet 's fit is excellent -LRB- Size M , 7 1/8 -7 1/4 -RRB- , the operation of the faceplate is easy wearing heavy gloves , and the finish is typical Shoei - superb . The selectable open/closed nose and temple vents work as advertised and , when open , flow enough air over the faceplate to keep it from fogging on cold mornings.The only negative I can find is noise
 This is a great helmet . I have had mine for almost 2 years now with no complaints . I really like that it has slots for glasses . Most helmets do not take that into consideration and Shoei did . I live in West Texas and was worried that it would be too hot in the summer , boy was I wrong . It moves the air quite well . It might be heavier than some other modular helmets , however the quality is there . It is a little noisier than a full face helmet . That is a trade off I was willing to make . You ca n't go wrong with this helmet .
 I have had this hemet about 1 year now . I bought it while living in Germany . I just laid my motorcycle down and this helmet worked perfect . It absorbed the impact and my head has never been better , wish my ribs were the same . I am going to buy another Multitec once I get my bike back up and running . My head is worth the cost !!
 I have had helmets for many years . This one is superb . An excelent product that shows how great design can improve life . I bought it for safety and function , discovered it was very beautiful -LRB- the Harley dealer folks loved the color , looks custom -RRB- and quite comfortable as well . Ca n't see how this thing could possibly be improved ! Another excelent experience from buying online .
 Shoei helmets are one of the best helmets you can get . I have no complains , the quality of this product is outstanding ! Here are some of the things I love of my Shoei helmet : > It comes with a kind of cover to install under the chin . This is great to help suppressing the noise which wind produces on the helmet . I even hardly hear the engine sound ! Also the helmet design itself reduces enormously the wind noise . > It has enough inner room for the `` legs '' of sunglasses -LRB- how 's the name for that thing btw ? -RRB- . Wear whatever sunglasses style you like , it wont be never uncomfortable on this helmet ! > The vent pads really works ! Once they 're open you can feel the wind coming thru your head ! > The helmet is really lightweight . It feels VERY comfortable ! > This Multitec version comes with flip-up front to become an open helmet . I love this feature , especially when I stop or when I need to talk to someone ; I open it and I feel `` free '' . Also , the front goes up and closes up very easily , even when wearing gloves . WARNING , never ride with the front opened !!! > My Suzuky GS 500 is black , so I bought my Shoei helmet black as well . It looks gorgeous ! : - -RRB- I recommend highly this product , it is really FANTASTIC !!! A + + + + +
 excellent !!! is an excellent product arrived in excellent condition and is beautiful and high quality.the color is perfectthank you !!!!!
 To say that I 'm pleased with this helmet is an understatement . I ordered the Matte Black helmet and a silver mirror shield and they look great together . The helmet is very comfortable and much quieter than the old Shoei RF 900 that I retired . I 'm looking forward to several years of use .
 Great Item , very durable ... Shipping was prompt . Does n't come with a pin , but considering the price ... it is very reasonable . Looks great on my Durango !!
 Better be handy with a welder to fabricate hangers . I welded hangers to 3 '' muffler clamps to avoid welding -LRB- and bringing the carbon out of the stainless -RRB- . Looks good after the hassle of installation . I have n't seen another vehicle setup like this one . Sounds , and looks good .
 parts is original , made is U.S.A , exact fit . Oil gauge meter got on track from L to normal reading ... Motorcraft SW873B Oil Pressure Switch
 I have an older model made by the company that Saddlemen bought out . This one is pretty much the same ; bought it for my wife so we have two . I rarely go on a day ride without it now . In fact , the only time I go on a day ride without it is when I forget to put it on . And I sure notice after about 100 miles . The wife wo n't go 10 feet on the bike without it.About the retaining strap
 Excellent Product ... I loved the extra comfort . When it says to take it off when you are parked , take it off and place in your saddle bag . Went for a ride and stopped for only a short time . I did not take it off and I did n't even cover it . Got back on to go home and WOW ... did I ever have a hot seat all the way home . It really did heat up in the sun . Sitting on the back seat , I have a problem getting on and off . I can no longer just slide on and off the seat . I have to actually pick up my butt . For a couple of inconviences , the comfort is worth it .
 Just what the tush needed . This one is not as thick and squishy as another I 've seen , but it works fine .
 This product came early and as described . I wish the shocks were a bit stiffer , but maybe that 's just me and my minivan .
 Have had this bag for over 3 yrs now and still works and looks great . Holds what I need for the short trips and keeps its shape with the internal hard plastic .
 Been using this brand for over 10 yrs great stopping power and long lasting . Used them in my town car when I as doing limo work and now in my Ford truck . I put over 50,000 miles on the front pads with twice that on rear pads . Beats those ceremic pads any day .
 A really nice and roomy bag with a versatile mounting system and lots of pockets . If you run out of room with this bag , you are taking too much . Nicer than the Harley bag which costs more . The only down side is it is made in China . But then , so is the Harley bag .
 Excellent experience with supplier , no surprises . All front end parts delivered in original MOOG boxes with MOOG paperwork -LRB- not all MOOG parts include paperwork -RRB- . NOTE that Zerk Fittings are NOT INSTALLED . These should be installed with care to avoid cross-threading/stripping . Clean all grease from threaded area with lint-free cloth , or the like - and use PermaTex ThreadLocker BLUE to ensure that fitting will not come loose over time . Torque close to 36 inch pounds or 3 foot pounds - but in any case , use a 1/4 '' drive ratchet and socket , making sure to get the base of the Zerk Fitting right on top of the surface of the part -LRB- staying around 36 inch pounds for torque -RRB- - if this is not possible , something might be wrong !? All the MOOG parts that I received come with a black grease that is not specified - I believe this is a good quality standard grease -LRB- from fossil oil -RRB- . It can easily be replaced with a high-quality synthetic grease like Mobil -1 - -LRB- RED -RRB- - that has far superior performance characteristics . Suggest lubing all parts as soon as the ThreadLocker is dry , BEFORE installing , and again after installing , then soon after initial use -LRB- 100 miles -RRB- . Then check at each oil change to be sure they are full of grease and all is as it should be . Equivalent to OEM FORD Product - that is very high quality ; fit is same - and MOOG uses as good as or better metals and manufacturing processes in parts -LRB- FORD does not manufacture their own front end , steering linkage parts - or suspension parts -RRB- . The main difference is with the Zerk Fittings , in that FORD is ` permanently lubed ' with no provision for , and no Zerk Fitting installed . Ford OEM will last a reliable 100K , or more - and can last for -15 - years if vehicle is garaged . MOOG can be expected to last longer under similar conditions , but you have to ensure that parts are lubed - I change my own oil , so for me , this is not a big deal as I usually look around when down there to make sure the underside is OK .
 This manual has been a fantastic resource for performing maintenance on my car . It has helped with everything from doing routine oil changes to replacing the valve cover gaskets . With the help of this book I was able to replace the valve cover gasket set in about an hour having only read through procedure once or twice before doing it and another one or two times while doing it.It has also helped me decide when to let a mechanic do the work if the work either requires more time than I have or special tools .
 It seems like high quality and let my old SAAB9000CD live again , whether stable need time 's trial.If it 's could been deliver to China directly , it will be perfect .
 At my door in less then 3 days WOW !! Installed in 5 min looks great , packaging was perfect . If you have a black Suburban its a must have : -RRB-
 tjhe price was abit to high , for just getting the battery , Haven to speratly purchase the ACID for it.Thus increasing the actual price , to be useful .
 I have owned this base support rack system for a long time and loved it 's versatility and simplicity . Available with locks at each foot that work with a single key , you have the satisfaction of knowing your roof rack is secure.The Thule 300 system works with cars equipped with rain gutters and is one of the most universal roof rack systems available . The load bars are also available in different lengths to accommodate the width of your particular vehicle 's roof.Thule manufactures a large number of carriers that can be attached to the LB50 load bars including bike trays , ski racks , boat carriers etc.If your car has rain gutters , and you are looking for a good , sturdy , versatile base support system , look no further . Thule 300 is the best !
 Well designed and they work perfectly . I have a jeep wrangler Rubicon and was anxious to see how secure I 'd be able to load my kayaks . Needless to say , I 'm very satisfied .
 Be aware that if purchase fulfilled by BikeSomeWhere they probably only plan to provide the Foot Pack even though the listing is for Thule 387 High Foot Complete Raingutter Car Roof Rack which is supposed to include Foot Pack and Load Bars . I placed an order for this item and when I emailed them to provide the 65 '' Load bars they immediately canceled my order without any explanation . They also removed their name from the Listing at the time . However I just noticed that they have put their name back on this listing for what appears to be a great price -LRB- $ 143.95 39 % discount -RRB- for the complete system but their price is only for the Foot Pack . If you plan on getting the Complete Raingutter Car Roof Rack as indicated in the Amazon listing do not order from BikeSomeWhere . You may be disappointed when only the Foot Pack arrives ! I turned a complaint into Amazon and they replied back that they would look into it but it appears that BikeSomeWhere is doing it again .
 I use my ancient mercedes for a work vehicle , and this works great to hold the square thule bars . Also bought the bars thru Amazon , which , being square , allow you to clamp stuff down -- lumber , plywood , stuff like that . Way more useful than the yakima type round bars .
 Extremely solid high quality construction , easy to assemble and install . Fits a 2003 Land Rover Discovery and , if positioned correctly , you will be able to open the rear sun roof . Does not include the lock cylinders , but does include the end caps for the load bars .
 Bought these used and they are in good shape . Nice and strong and wo n't slip on the bars . Easy to remove without wrenches .
 My truck is 15x faster than before . im getting 8 mpg better than i used to . 0-60 is also faster
 Great value for the money . I saved a lot buying through Amazon . Fit was good for my 1999 F150 but too tight one one side , we had to hit the end open with a hammer so that it would slide over the matching MagnaFlow muffler system . I was surprised to see that it was shipped without a box , just the pipe by itself . So it has small dents and scratches from the shipping , not to mention the shipping stickers to take off , oh , and they do n't just peel off , I had to soak the paper ones off with water , then use a solvent to get the adhesive off . Overall , a good stainless product from Magnaflow .
 Exactly what the local parts house sells but much , much cheaperMoog is a name trusted by the pro 's for not failing and if it does they back it up .
 This is noticeably brighter and with a better pattern than OEM bulbs . Well worth the money . But , illegal in California for street use !
 my cars ' headlights with 9004 have always had terrible lighting pattern/spread but these make them bearable and that the price , you ca n't beat them .
 This is a very good head light bulb and i think it 's the best head light bulb that i ever put on my car . Nice and bright and long lasting .
 This is a great product !! meets all of the needs ! will purchase this item again ! ! !
 hard to find oem parts for older vehicles like my 99 blazer v6 . The product worked great and fits.So may things can go in a blazer with over 100,000 miles on it but it is still running good .
 I found the product to be about half what they cost in the auto parts store and it has worked well for me .
 I high recommend this product , and seller . The jacket was delivered promptly , and I consider it to be an outstanding value for the price . I am extremely please .
 This was a replacement that had to match the rest . The hook on the back snapped during installation , but I was able to rig it up to stay put .
 The part was shipped promptly and was the correct part . So far as I know , Timken bearings are the best available . IT takes years to find out if this prticular one is really good .
 Good fit , shipping , and half the price of BMW/Bremi coil.My BMW is running smoother too ! I signed up with Amazon Prime and ordered the coil on Friday and the package was on my doorstep Saturday . All I can say is Wow !
 i bought six coils and did n't have a problem with any . they worked as well as original equipment but at a greatly reduced price . .
 My Winnipeg mechanic said he could get ignition coils for between $ 170 and $ 200 each locally . I nearly fainted , but once recovered did a quick search at Amazon . These were available with Amazon Worldship -LRB- in this case , arrived via DHL -RRB- , and my single ignition coil arrived next business day and was installed effortlessly . As a Florida snowbird I 'm used to using my Prime account to source things quickly and economically while in the US . When in Canada I 'm at a loss as to where to turn . Hopefully more of the selection of Amazon USA will be made available in Canada , especially auto parts .
 I was surprised when the original ignition coil went out in my 330ci , but this replacement part did the job . An inexpensive replacement part for a quick fix .
 It 's a fuel injector . It 's cheap , it 's new , it works . What else do you need ?
 Have used the EBC Redstuff pads for my last two brake changes . Excellent stopping power for less than the equivalent Ford Performance part . Saved money , great brake pads . What 's more to add .
 If you have regular 60 or 65 Watt bulbs in your vehicle I highly recommend upping the power to these 100 watters . They throw the light way farther than the standard bulbs and it 's a touch whiter too . I had the blue tinted `` Xenon Quality '' ones in my truck and never liked them , these bulbs are so much better ! No regrets for buying these especially for less than $ 6.00 each !
 This Hella 100W lamp is a decent and cheap upgrade to the standard 55W high beam lamp . I have installed them in our Toyota Landruiser and Lexus SC300 . The difference in light output is not dramatic but is easily enough to justify the cost of the bulbs . I found no change in the light pattern for either vehicle . They are worth the money .
 I give these lamps a 10 out of 10 almost to brightbut order the pigtails so you do n't burn up your OEM plug
 I bought these because I travel a lot back roads at night . In central Texas , where you can drive for miles and miles at night and not see a single solitary car . These have saved my life on more than one occasion , because I have installed them in the last three pickup trucks I 've owned . But only on the highbeam side . On one occasion I toped a hill and there is a big black dead cow in the middle-of-the-road , and a rollover car in the ditch , the driver just standing there I believe in shock ! If it had n't been for these high beams I would 've hit that cow , and quite probably him . The only problem I have with these , is that they need a relay on the newer trucks with a heavier duty aftermarket wiring harness .
 Far brighter than 65watt oem , and far brighter than the stupid blue coated bulbs . I took a light meter and the factory brights were 95 ft/cd , the 100 watt blue coated bulbs were 120 ft/cd , and the Hella 100 watt bulbs measured 320 ft/cd -LRB- all measured at brightest point , at the same distance -RRB- . I would recomend changing 1 bulb and then shining them on a white wall or garage door to appreciate the differance , before you change both bulbs .
 This item works wonderfully and is very durable as well . I would highly recommend it to anyone that asked about it .
 Installed on a mazda 3 and it sounds excellent . Car performs smooth and notice a little bit of difference in performance . Beware muffler is loud ! , had to use a resonator . Overall great product .
 I repalaced the left front suspension parts of an Audi A6 Quatro . Attention to details had to be excersized both at orders and delivery of several unique Audi suspension pieces . Order was good all parts arrived , installed , ALL FIT WELL WITHOURT ANY PROBLEMS , THE QUALITY IS VERY GOOD AS WELL .
 I am restoring my 1962 Ford F250 pick up truck with a 292 `` Y '' block V-8 and was having a difficult time locating this oil filler cap locally at the parts stores . Too old ! Went to Amazon and found this quickly , it is a name brand , obviously , that I trust and the price was below reasonable . As I am upgrading the appearance of my engine , that this is not painted and has the brused silver finish is a plus . Perfect part , great price on the oil filler cap and shipping .
 I had this installed a couple of months ago and the pads have a much better performance that my OEM pads -LRB- my cars are Toyota and Honda -RRB- . The noise , vibration and dust was indeed reduced significantly . Overall it increased the breaking performance of both my cars . Although , I need to warn you that the `` Find Parts for Your Car '' tool from Amazon is not that accurate . I 'd recommend that you go to Hawk 's website and check first that the Part Number is the correct for your car - -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I purchased the Progressive 416 Air Shocks as a replacement for OEM air shocks on my Harley-Davidson Road King with over 125000 miles . What an improvement ! Installation was fairly easy with provided instructions to route new air lines and fit shocks with appropriate spacers . Shocks are stock height and allow for air pressure from 5-70 psi . I currently have them pumped to 10 psi and the suspension responds well without bottoming out and feeling every bump in the road . The bike seems higher , but likely because my old shocks were shot.The people at Powersport Superstore responded quickly to my concerns about fitment and the product was quickly shipped . I am very pleased with the price and shipping cost . Surprising how many companies do n't consider Hawaii one of the United States . Powersport Superstore got it right on both !
 Suspension is the most important part of anything you ride on or in.Everyone LOVES Comfort while riding or driving ETC.To get that you need the BEST SHOCK around.Which is Progressive , and to maintain that comfort while adding weight to your ride you have to have Progressive Air Shocks.I have been riding for 37yrs . I have tride all kinds of shocks & even big named brand ones , but I never had as good as ride until i got the 416-1608A Progressive Air Shocks.THERE IS ONLY ONE THING THAT IS NEEDED FOR THE LOOK OF IT YOU NEED TO OFFER A CHROME COVER FOR THE BOTTOM 1/2 OF the shock -LSB- LIKE I MADE -RSB- Show Quality is very important.After that is done watch your sales grow on the AIR SHOCK
 Excellent bulb . Hella quality . Superior to OEM.I hated overdriving the meager 55-watt OEM bulbs and I was disappointed by a set of Sylvania Silverstars
 These lights are awesome ! I 've been using the so called `` xenon quality '' blue tinted bulbs in my truck for a few years now never really liked them . I decided to switch back to regular Halogen but with a little more wattage and I got to say it was a great decision . You ca n't go wrong with these and the price is amazingly low !
 Nothing wrong with this bulb - works fine and it is the Hella model/item number listed in the heading . However , as of this moment , the photo shows a twin-pack of `` xenon blue '' Hella bulbs `` Made in Germany '' . The actual item that arrived was a single conventional halogen bulb in a yellow cardboard box made by Hella `` in India '' . As I said , it works well and the price is very good - but do n't expect a pair of the fancier `` xenon blue '' bulbs for this price .
 Very bright and clean . I used this product little more than 3 months but there is nothing to complain about it . Love it .
 Love the Hella 80W low beam head light I also got the 100W high beamsthey are so bright you can see the reflection off a stop sign even in the middle of the daybut you MUST get the ceramic pig tails so the OEM plugs do n't meltYou ca n't go wrong but order a spare because they burn hot and more likely to fail from she shock from hitting a big pothole in the road
 This item works wonderfully and is very durable as well . I would highly recommend it to anyone that asked about it .
 Advance Auto charges in the sky + + for this OEM piece . Buy from Amazon @ a nice price !! The quality is SUPER !! Car rides nice this part will last !!
 The Centric C-tek rotors are virtually identical to their Premium rotors except they lack the black electroplating e-coating finish on the more expensive discs . However , everything else is the same , meaning the performance and quality are just as good for half the price . Very high performance , high quality.Centric is the parent company of StopTech and PowerSlot , whose big-brake kits and drilled rotors start out as Centric blanks -LRB- ie , the C-tek and Premium rotors -RRB- . $ 20 per rotor AND free shipping make the deal unbeatable . However , I would be willing to pay more for rotors that are n't made in China , but virtually all of them are Chinese -- even Brembo ! The only exceptions I have come across are `` high performance '' drilled rotors from brands like EBC -LRB- UK -RRB- and DBA -LRB- Australia -RRB- , but they can exceed $ 100 per rotor , and drilled rotors are actually a bad idea -LRB- because they crack due to uneven temperature and stress concentration around the holes -RRB-
 I 've had this tool for about a month now . I have only used it a couple of times , but It has performed flawlessly . Would recommend to others
 I do n't touch panels without them , they are good quality and well made .
 Seemed to be good quality . Easy install and so far no issues with it . Been used for a month now .
 Shocks fit . And fit as advertised in wording . But agree with -LRB- and thankful for -RRB- the previous reviewer who said the picture does not match the product . Glad a user picture was posted or I might have shy'ed away from buying .
 Last week I posted a review for an exhaust pipe I purchased on Amazon that included this
 Very good chain shipment was faster than expected all definitely get anther bike chain if it would happen to break but the chain does seem to well built .
 This item fits well on my RAV4 2009 V6 Limited Edition . It appears to be identical with the old original part I replaced.Edit 09/25/2012 : The next time I replaced this filter I bought an original one from Toyota Service . And I noticed a significant difference . The original is thicker and denser and therefore more efficient in filtering .
 This filter is identical to that for which the Toyota , Scion , or Lexus dealer will charge you 2-3 times as much . The quality , fit , and appearance seem identical to the ones that come in red `` Toyota '' box . They work just as well and last as long . Definitely get these to avoid paying the dealer tax . Recommended .
 I had a rusty winch with a frayed strap and needed replacing . I looked for a pulling weight replacement and one that was made in USA . This product met those requirements . I looked at many of the dealerships and their web sites , I decided to use Amazon . I like Amazon and its ease of use to find comparable products . Amazon also offers free shipping on a lot of items .
 I purchased these rotors because my car was shaking itself to do death whenever I lightly applied the brakes . The rotors solved that issue -LRB- thankfully -RRB- . Great pricing and fast shipping via amazon .
 I love these EBC pads . They provide a very strong BITE from the first moment and feel very easy on the car as well . I wish I had used them last time I did a brake job on my car . Strongly recommended .
 I bought these and a set of front rotors from EBC for my IS300 . They work great but they create a little more dust than the stock set . Maybe it 's the coating they used for bedding the pads , I just have wait and see after a few more miles . I will update my review in a couple of months.Update !! Still a little more dust than stack pads from Lexus but holding up well . I 'm glad that I do n't have the pulsating brake pedal and infamous IS 300 pad noise -LRB- clicking -RRB- .
 I bought these for my 1995 Toyota Corolla . As a preface , I know very little about auto repair , all I had to go on was the Haynes repair manual and the internet.After hearing a periodic grinding noise in my car while driving , I narrowed it down to the front passenger side wheel . Taking off the tire and shaking the rotor revealed that half of my brake pad had broken off and it fell to the ground . Well there 's your problem!The old rotors were rusted bad everywhere but the breaking surface , and I had no idea what constituted groves or scratches that would require them to be turned ... so I decided just to buy new ones along with new pads . I figured it would be cheaper than trying to find a shop to do the turning , and most certainly cheaper than having a shop do the whole brake job.These arrived in a plain white box , and are wrapped in plastic . The rotors them self are coated in some kind of a grease , I assume to prevent corrosion . At the advice of another review , I used a degreaser to clean off the rotors before installing them.Looking over the rotors I was happy with what I saw , I did n't see any imperfections , cracks , or otherwise noticeable defects . Installation was simple , even for one such as myself who knows nothing of care repair.The brake pads I got with these were : Centric Parts 300.05620 Semi Metallic Brake Pad with ShimThis is my commuter car so I drive it 5 days a week , and it has been about a month since I installed them . So far , the brakes are nearly silent and no wobbling . I can only hear them if I have the radio off , but I think that 's true of any car . I 've had to do a few hard stops out here in New England where no one yields on highway on ramps -LRB- they expect the interstate traffic to stop and let them on -RRB- and the brakes worked just fine . I 'm satisfied , if anything crops up I 'll be sure to update this review.UPDATE
 I recently bought these rotors along with new pads -LRB- wagner thermoquiet pads , highly recommended , read my review on them if contemplating which pads to get ... -RRB- to replace the front brakes on my girlfriends car.These are very basic rotors , not drilled , slotted , zinc covered , etc. . Do n't let that fool you . These rotors are all that is needed for the average car today . You can spend a bunch more money and get fancier pieces , but odds are unless you have a high powered , extremely heavy , or track-use vehicle these rotors will do the job just as well.Well machined , no structural damages , scratches , imperfections.Can ' t beat the price .
 I purchased these rotors because my 98 Chevy Prizm brakes were squeaking really loud . I am a prime member so I received the new rotors quickly and they were very easy to install . I have had zero brake noise since installing and am very pleased with this product .
 I bought the 6-pack of lock cylinders so that my roof rack -LRB- 4 cylinders -RRB- , bike hitch -LRB- one cylinder -RRB- and roof top box -LRB- one cylinder -RRB- could all use the same key . My boyfriend and I are both engineers and we like to make things as simple as possible . Thule makes this easy!Almost every product Thule sells is compatible with their one-key/one-lock system . If it is n't , it usually says so in the product description -LRB- example
 The lock cores insert easily in any Thule rack and can be moved between devices if you have multiple . They are `` better than nothing '' and are a key deterrent for any rack.That said , they do not strike me as being that secure . I feel like a resourceful thief would defeat them very quickly - whether it be by simply ripping the core out , or maintaining complete set of keys.I would still purchase them again , but certainly would n't go so far as leave my bikes on the rack in say , a hotel parking lot overnight .
 i bought the locks for my Thule 450R CrossRoad Railing Roof Rack Foot Pack . They worked great !
 We got these for our Thule roof racks . We park in not so great neighborhoods so I wanted the extra security . Pro
 Easy installation ! My only regret is I wish I ordered the 6 pack lockset so I could have both the footpack and the cargo box all keyed alike .
 I have six of these on my rack system and they have stood up well to many seasons of year-round wear . Do n't lose the blank `` change '' key that comes with them or you will have difficulty removing the cylinder if you change equipment . -LRB- You can always push in the last tumbler with a screwdriver to remove if you already have access to the inside of the lock . -RRB- These allow you to easily lock your stuff to your rack and your rack to your car .
 These locks assure you that your expensive rack stays in place on top of your vehicle . I think Thule should make these standard for any rail kit . These locks installed easily by pushing out the plastic filler piece on your rail ends and locking these in . It took literally 30 seconds a pop to complete the install . I think they are priced a bit steep , but are much cheaper than a new rail system .
 Easy to install , working in extreme winter conditions for a few weeks now . Concerned about long-term rusting , but right now doing the job .
 These locks were so easy to install and seem to work great . I like the fact that I can remove them and use them in any Thule locking rack .
 It is what it says , installs the way it says and does what it is designed to do .
 Product meet my expectations , the item description was accurate and great to help me chose the right kit to fit the rack on to my car . It was exactly as described and was delivered in no time . The service personnel from Amazon were also very helpfull to answer my question about the fitting system required .
 When everything came , I read the instructions , called my sister , went to her home . We took all the parts out of the boxes , read the instructions , followed them and I have a Hullivator on my car . We tried her kayak , which is the same as mine , and it worked.I have taken the top off until I 'm going to put the boat on.It is a great `` shoulder saver '' .
 These locks easly fit into your Thule rack . Installation takes seconds . You have to love Thule quality .
 I bought this one for my Ford Edge 2009 . This works absolutely great . It is really safe , easy to install and uninstall.Package I bought
 They lock , I use a key to open them and they lock . Exceptional concept for keeping your Thule just barely secure .
 These lock cylinders are incredibly easy to install , and appear to hold pretty securely . They add peace of mind without creating a headache .
 the thule locks came in a nifty tin box similar to a box of breath mints . it had two keys , 8 cores and one core key . i only needed two lock cores , but figured the other six would come in handy in the future for other accessories . also , the price difference for an 8-pack was not too much more than a 2 or 4 pack when i purchased mine .
 Purchased for Thule rack for father 's 2011 Tacoma . Would probably pay the same amount locally , but got free shipping from amazon . So far , the locking cylinders have held up to the salty air in HI and have n't rusted .
 Fits my Thule 400XT Aero Roof Rack Foot Pack , great product and a cheaper way to secure your roof racks .
 We bought this along with the other parts for my husband 's work car . Great shipping speed and great price compared to local shops .
 If you have a Thule bike rack , and care about your bikes , you need these locks .
 worked perfectly on my thule criterium roof rack . took 5 minutes to install two of them , one that locks the bike rack down to the roof rack and one that locks the arm that holds the bike in place . They seem quite easy to pick , but at least they give me some piece of mind when i have to leave my car unattended .
 These lock cylinders are easy to install and are an easy way to key all your Thule accessories the same . As with all of my reviews of Thule products , my biggest complaint is their excessive price .
 Have owned a Thule roof rack for years and always attached it to our Jeep 's existing roof rack . However , we sold the jeep last summer and were disappointed to learn that our new car 's roof rack did not come with the cross bars . We purchased the Thule cross bars , foot pack , and locks and loaded up our car for the Jersey shore . Worked like a charm . Installation was easy ; the biggest issue was moving the feet in tandom to get everything even -LRB- the existing bars were curved to contour the car -RRB- . In a nutshell
 What else to say - Thule does n't provides it as part of the system . They sell them as add-ons for obvious reasons to make money.If you are putting money into their expensive base system ; you will obviously fear of getting it stolen and will be motivated or fearful enough to buy the locks.So , I bought the locks and had to use little pressure and mechanical sleight of hand to fit them.I bet , after a tiring , struggling and brainy -LRB- if you are not mechanically inclined -RRB- installation of the whole system , no-one would ever be willing to take off their rack systems ; Only time I see them taking them off is when I need to dispose them off .
 Cylinders work well on the hitch mounted Thule rack . It would be better if they just included these in the price . They do give some security especially for short trips when you do n't have the time to secure with cables .
 No problems at all . You just must check what they fit before you order them .
 These should have been included with the feet , not as an extra . the whole package was rather spendy . Other wise vewry pleased with the thule brand .
 The first line of defense against theft . Do n't go anywhere without these . Lock your rack , throw on your gear and head for adventure .
 Thank you It would be better if Thule just put locks in the the rack attachement without buying separtely . Thanks again
 A wonderfull investment to keep all my Thule accessories the same so that I only need one lock to make any modifications or secure equipment . Only time will tell how they age . After 1 year , they look like new .
 Easy to install . Key fits in very well . Seems to do what it 's suppose to do . I would recommend this product
 You have to buy these so you do n't end up with multiple keys for all the different Thule products you may have . Easy to install !
 Bought it as price finally went down similar to use one seen on Craiglist . A must if you valuable items in your cargo box .
 Ordered these for my thule cargo cross bars and they fit right in and lock . Had no issues at all .
 Thule 596 replacement locks work like a charm ! Easy to install , nice and secure . Keys fit locks with no snags .
 Ordered a 2pk and it does just what its supposed to do . Locks the rack onto the roof . Put one on the front cross bar and one on the rear . Its not going anywhere , not easily anyways .
 These locks work exactly as described and are part of an AWESOME looking Thule rack system . Protects my system from being stolen . No complaints .
 These work perfectly with the crossroad system , 8 pack allows you to change the rack locks too . Its just nice to have a one key system .
 Ordered via Amazon -- arrived 3-4 days earlier than estimated . Genuine Thule product for 50 % less than the usual online retailers . 8 lock cylinders for $ 50 ?? Others will easily charge $ 90 + . Check them out !
 I bought the 2 pack so I could lock the bikes to rack . The items came exactly as they were described and the delivery was quick . I would recommend to my friends
 The locks for the Thule car rack work really well . They were easy to install and provide some peace of mind.Angela
 Affordable and OE or better quality . Fit perfectly . Did n't have to fight it . Did have to drill a small hole for the abs line bracket . Not a problem at all . When you get it installed you 'll see what I 'm talking about.Its a much better deal than just buying an upper ball joint . The price is maybe $ 20 difference but removing the entire control arm instead of just the ball joint saves a ton of time and work , plus it comes with control arm , ball joint , and bushings ! All which will eventually need replacing .
 Looked way cooler in person . Made out of quality materials and looks like it will hold up for a long time .
 These wheel covers fit and look great on my car . Quite a deal too , considering that 4 of them were cheaper than one replacement hubcap specific to my car . The only caution I would give prospective buyers is that they snap on rather than having bolts ... I 've had no problems with them getting loose , but they have n't been on that long -LRB- a few weeks -RRB- . So far , so good !
 Item was exactly what I ordered , look great , great price , fast shipping ... . great deal .
 This fit exactly on my bike , and was a perfect replacement for my 2004 suzuki bandit 1200s clutch after a little incident took off the end of my last clutch .
 This is so much better than the white cover which came with the lights . You can actually use your fog lights without getting out of the car to remove the cover .
 Like the title says ... these covers are easy to pop on and off for cleaning . I also think Hella should make these standard equipment instead of the worthless white stone shields that come with the kit .
 I purchased these for use on my Porsche 911 . Because my Hella 450 's are mounted under the front bumper , about eight inches off the road , they are exposed to a constant barrage of debris thrown up by any cars ahead . Replacing these covers about once a year when they get pitted brings the performance of my driving lights back to new specs , for something like 1/5th the cost of a new set of lights . I ca n't recommend them highly enough !
 I ordered these as replacements for the stock bearings . These are much more well constructed and should last the life of the bike or me !
 My car is a 1994 Honda Civic EX . Napa Parts store was gon na charge me $ 230 for this part . Got this one and it was the exact same thing . Had Midas put them in for me and it is great .
 It was exactly what I needed to get my suspension back to normal . The stock ones had about 120k miles on them and were shot !
 Inexpensive and decent quality . Fit perfectly on a 2000 Toyota echo.I 'm ordering another one . Would recommend to others.I do n't know what else to write .
 Best damn deal on line , and sure as hell beats the $ 359 per side that napa wanted for bearings that were not even timkin . $ 408.23 to my door step for both sides only took 4 days .
 I ordered two of these and when the packages arrived , I discovered one box had the studs and yellow o-ring included and the other one contained just the hub/bearing assembly . Based on previous reviews , I had ordered studs -LRB- F81Z-1107-AA -RRB- , nuts -LRB- F81Z-1120-AA -RRB- , and o-rings -LRB- F81Z-4A322-AA -RRB- from another Ford parts supplier in White Bear Lake , MN just in case the packages were incomplete . While I had everything ripped apart , I also replaced the seal -LRB- F81Z-1S175-HCA -RRB- between the U-joint and the axle tube , as well as the knuckle seal -LRB- F81Z-3254-CB -RRB- that fits on the stub shaft on the outside of the U-joint . I used the OTC 6695 -LRB- ordered from Amazon -RRB- seal installer to pound the knuckle seal onto the stub shaft using a 4lb sledge . I then reinstalled the axles into the differential . Afterwards , I used the seal installer to drive the knuckle seal into the knuckle to the proper depth . Once the axles and seals were installed , the wheel bearings installed onto my 2001 F350 248,000 mi 7.3 L without a hitch . I replaced both plastic thrust washers -LRB- F81Z-4228-BA -RRB- as well as the three washers -LRB- kit # F81Z-3B458-AA -RRB- . I swapped out the old locking hub o-rings with new ones from a kit -LRB- 4C3Z-1K106-AA -RRB- and my truck was good to go . My U-joints -LRB- F81Z-3249-AA -RRB- , and ball joints -LRB- Moog 80026 and Moog K8607T -RRB- were fine , so I did n't replace them . My outer stub shaft -LRB- 4C3Z-3B387-AA -RRB- was also in great shape , so I left that be as well . I had heard that if the inner needle bearing within the wheel bearing gives out , it can chew up the stub shaft , requiring a stub shaft replacement . For me , this project took about 8 hours ... and saved me about $ 1000 by doing it myself . I did n't realize how bad the bearings were until I replaced them . The truck does n't ` float ' anymore and the steering is so much tighter and more precise . These assemblies are a great deal ... unfortunately , you 'll never really know what you 'll get in the box ... thus a 4 star rating .
 This was a breeze to install . pull the wheel off , pull off the caliper bracket with the caliper attached . 4 21mm nuts on the back side , and a snap ring on the axle shaft . that was all !! new one went in perfect . came with new oring and studs but unfortunatley with me not doing my research and having a false trust in amazons part fitment guide i realized the thread size for the wheel studs was wrong for my truck . keep in mind when you buy this it will not fit 2003 and up super duty 's . 1999-2002 have the coarse thread -LRB- 14mmx2 .0 -RRB- and 2003 and up have the fine thread -LRB- 14mmx1 .5 -RRB- just my luck . now to decide if i want 8 coarse thread lug nuts or a whole new wheel bearing assembly ...
 I got these to replace severely worn hubs on a 2000 F250 . They come assembled and ready for installation . What I did n't expect was that they come with a new ABS sensor , new studs -LRB- to bolt it to the knuckle -RRB- and a new O ring . I got new O rings and studs from Ford just in case but now I can take them back .
 I bought these bearings because Ford is way overpriced . This was the best deal I could find hands down . They are working great after 800 miles . If your in need of bearings buy these .
 I ordered this for my 2001 F250 . The hub and bearing assembly is great quality and the price was good , however the picture is misleading as to what is included in the package . The title says `` assembly '' and the picture clearly shows the hub assembly , bearings , races , as well as the 2 seals that are needed to reassemble the hub.HOWEVER , there are no seals included in the package , which I think is misleading . Several different reviews said that different parts were included and I ASSumed the seals would be included as well . Shame on me.I understand that the picture may not be totally accurate , however what is wrong with posting the actual parts list so a buyer knows what he is buying ? Or , more importantly so the buyer knows that he needs to also purchase the axle shaft seal , part number SKF 28600 , as well as the spindle hub oil seal , part number 710413 ? That sure would be helpful so that when I get the package and begin the repair , I do n't need to wait another 5 days to order the 2 seals and wait for them to be shipped.Other than that , it is a good product .
 So ford wanted anywhere between 300-400 bucks for their version of the same thing . Amazon had the best price plus no tax and no shipping.The timkin hub ass . fit great , i installed one side in a hour or so , no hang ups . Best thing is that this part is made in usa ! no chinese crap part .
 The o ring , studs and nuts is not included . Had to order them after the bearings were recived . If they came in the package it would have been worth the extra money to get it all at the same time . Other than that they seem to be ok .
 Perfect alternative to a much higher priced parts store product from a USA name trusted year after year . Highly recommend thus product
 My truck is a 2003 F250 6.0 diesel 4x4 with ABS . After I did the first hub the second only took an hour to do . Product came with 4 new threaded on both end bolts which helps cause you avoid having to reuse those from the hub already installed on the truck . Check your seals on the shaft that has the ujoint as mine were bad . I could easily replace the dust seal that goes on the side of the ujoint to the pumpkin but could not seat the seal that goes on the outside of the ujoint . Mechanic told me it would n't hurt to leave that seal off altogether so that is what I did . Those seals are $ 70 each at the Ford Dealer . Looking at the design of the front axle in total I would never feel comfortable traversing water or soupy mud that is deep enough to go over the axle anyway.I would do it over again .
 Well , the front wheels of my excursion 4x4 have n't fallen off , so I gues these work .
 Strong material and overall length is perfect for a full size awning . A bit tough to get into the slot when replacing but works well .
 What can I say ? This came in the mail a few days after I ordered it and was exactly what I wanted . A replacement strap for my RV awning .
 We were in need of replacement awning pull strap and figured this would be a good brand.No problems with the length or the strap , the t slider piece however could be a little stifferand thicker to give a solid feel . As it it does work fine I just worry that the strap willpull out of the awning slot .
 This strap was just what we needed to replace the frayed and finally broken original strap that came with our RV 's awning . This strap is actually an improvement because the loop that you hook into is actually reinforced to always provide an easily accessed receptacle .
 This awning strap did the trick . My old one had rotted trough and broken off the last 2 feet or so , and I managed to make an extension for it last year , but that one rotted trrough by this year . I was able to install this one in minutes and I like it very much . It also has a better loop on the end to enable me to pull it down easily with the awning tool . I recieved this in only one day and would purchase from this seller again .
 My old strap dry rotted and this was to be the replacement . Works perfect . Easy to install and the stitching seemed to be very good . I would buy again if needed . Easy to install .
 The strap is just what I needed and at a price/value unsurpassed with my other attempts to obtain the product . It arrived within a few days of ordering which was a very pleasant surprise .
 not much to say ... it is a replacement strap for a RV awning ... it works like it suppposed to and we 've had no issues with it to date .
 Very well made and I like that the loop for pulling is reinforced . This is the longer strap and leaves just under 2 feet hanging down after you roll up your awning . 5 Stars
 This strap fit right on my awning , it was easy to install and works great . Good quality and would buy again !
 I got a front set for my 91 Ford Explorer . I like the ride feels pretty smooth . . Over all pleased with the quality and price too . Not bad for the buck !!
 I had recently purchaced a truck and , was doing research on seat covers ... I heard good things about Coverkings quality ... so , I took a chance . After a couple of weeks , I was notified that my seatcovers had shipped ... there was no tracking available ... about a week later , another email ... this time , they were double checking if I had ordered the correct covers ... -LRB- My toyota did have a few seat options -RRB- as there are no returns on custom seat covers ... even though I was VERY specific in my original order , I verified the order as correct ... two more weeks passed ... nothing and , no tracking to fall back on so , I emailed them inquiring about my order ... and my package was on my doorstep the next day ... they fit like a glove !! Neoprene seat covers are a little pricey but in my opinion , worth the wait !!!!
 I bought the pants for the following season , which starts in couple of months here . I just tried it on me and did n't have a chance to ride yet . The material is very good and the pants fit me perfect . The size is exactly the same as my usual jeans size .
 I installed the WC370146 wheel cylinder on my Toyota Yaris -LRB- after I accidentally cut the rubber boot on my original part when changing the brake shoes -RRB- . Install went well . Remember to bleed the brakes afterwards !
 I purchased these cylinders for my 07 Toyota Corolla , I checked the Toyota dealer & they wanted over 45 bucks a piece , I ordered the Raybestos and when I received them they were the EXACT same cylinders that came stock from Toyota and the exact same cylinder that the Toyota dealer stocks . The brand is actually AISIN , a company that Toyota owns.Great item , high quality , I originally purchased the Centric wheel cylinders and they were junk I would n't put them on the car , I sent them back and bought these , although Centric does make great rotors .
 So far so good . No problems , no squeaking and quiet . Good value and performance . Great for those on a budget .
 I bought this receiver from Amazon and was surprised when I got it that it had OTT . After a little research on the Master Lock site . I found out OTT stands for One Tool Torque and it won an Editors Choice award from Popular Mechanics . Master Lock built in a small pin in the receiver and the hitch ball that hold the ball in place when you tighten the nut on the ball . This is great because now instead of having to use a pipe wrench on the ball and a crescent wrench on the nut you only need ONE tool , OTT ! Plus you no longer damage the ball with the pipe wrench which causes the ball to rust.Great design Master Lock !
 The hitch works great for me . . I gave it 4 stars because it started rusting the second week I had it ...
 Works great !! I really liked the one tool application - did n't have to fiddle around with a dozen tools to switch the ball !
 Seriously heavy duty and high quality connector . I can hardly lift the sucker . I have absolutely NO worries about it ever failing .
 This tach has exceeded my expectations and I would purchase from this vendor again . Shipping times were fantastic and i was able to utilize it right out of the box .
 I bought the pants for the following season , which starts in couple of months here . I just tried it on me and did n't have a chance to ride yet . The material is very good and the pants fit me perfect . The size is exactly the same as my usual jeans size .
 Fit like they were supposed to . Sadly they are made in China :-LRB- but best price I found for upper arms
 Installed in 2000 LeSabre with 122k . The front wheels were a little loose before installation -LRB- vertically and horizontally -RRB- and there was no looseness after I put the new hubs in . Needed to use a 5 foot breaker bar with a 3/4 drive 1 5/16 socket to loosen wheel nuts . Used a hub puller to get old ones off . Set hub nut torque to 118 ft-lbs -LRB- with Loctite -RRB- . Vibration at 60-70 mph was mostly eliminated , but not completely .
 When I was told by mechanic that my front wheel bearings have too much play , I went on to search for replacement parts at the local auto parts website . Timken was listed as a higher priced brand in one of the websites . I then went on to do more research on the brand and feedback from other people online . Overall Timken seem to have good reviews . While searching on Google , Timken showed up as on sale on Amazon . After comparing from different stores , Amazon 's price came out the lowest and even almost half the price in local auto parts store.The hub assembly has been on my car for just over a little over a month so I ca n't comment on quality yet .
 Shopped around and this was the best price I could find . Everything worked as advertise . Happy with the timken Wheel Bearing and service . Higly recommend this product and company .
 This wheel hub looks great and was a perfect fit for my 98 Intrigue . It came quick and the price was right ... Thank you Amazon.Made some noise on installation but that was my fault since I did n't realize the dust shield was rubbing the rotor .
 I decided to go with the Timken assembly after I found these online for the same price my local parts store wanted for a `` no name '' assembly with only a 3 month warranty . Timken has a reputable product at a fair price . I would hate to have put all this time into the job , only to fail due to an inferior product . Buy with confidence .
 Timken 513121 Axle Bearing and Hub AssemblyThis product was exactly as expected and it appeared on the web page . It was easy for a trained technician to install and saved the overpriced markups of the after-market sellers .
 I was very pleased with my product , the packaging the product was new , the cost was reasonable I received the package at my door by ups in a few days of ordering . Amazon made sure that my car parts fit my car by asking me questions about my car then telling me which car parts would fit my type and year of car because I did need all the help I could get , and I tried to stay within a budget with my car parts . Thank you Amazon and I thank the companies I purchased my car parts from .
 First , one complaint . The `` make sure it fits '' feature is wrong about this part.Contrary to the assertions , this part DOES fit my 1998 Buick Riviera.Timken 's online catalog confirms the application.The product application database should be corrected to indicate this!I 've had my Riviera for several years now and had to replace the front wheel bearings a few times . . This is the first time I 've opted for Timken bearings , and hopefully the last time i 'll have todo the job at all . I 've heard nothing but good about their products , and hope they live upto the reputation . From all appearances they are very high quality parts that will hold up well , even for severe duty usage .
 First of all , this is the best deal i found after a long search.Besides , the item was delivered very fast.My buddy installed it in the 2000 pontiac grand prix i drive.The difference was felt immediately!If the part fits your car and you ca n't find better elsewhere , please do yourself a favor ...
 Installed them on my 2002 Pontiac Montana without any problems . The shipment arrived as expected . Bearing look like the old ones but now I know there are TImken bearing inside the hubs . I am curious if there 's a warranty though .
 This is the perfect replacement for a worn out OEM part or to replace those Made in China junk replacements . I used this to replace a made in China part that failed after 1 month . Working flawlessly .
 i order timken bearing 513121 aug 30 and received sept 1 . i installed it today.every thing is ok . nomre noise now . i hope it go last longer .
 Hub shipped fast and was an exact match for my Chevy Venture!Installed easily and fixed the ABS brake problem.I will definitely purchase from this company if I need other parts !
 Timken Hub is US made . The price plus shipping is the best . Fast shipping . I tried hub made in China . Big mistake . Only lasted 5000 miles . The Timken Hub was cheaper price then the China made bearing . Also Amazon bearing price is the best for Timken Hub . : -RRB-
 I have bought many kinds of these in the last couple years and you can tell right away by looking at these that they are great quality !!
 Went in without any unusual trouble.Runs completely silent!Don ' t settle for the cheapies.Next Day shipping arrived on Saturdayso I could fix it over the weekend-EXCELLENT !!!
 Local auto parts stores are selling these bearing hubs made in China and Korea for more money and they are not near as good as this Timken -LRB- american made -RRB- bearing ... go figure !!!! It pays to shop Amazon .
 The products arrived in a timely manner . Installed on the front of my Buick Regal GS , and each is performing beautifully !
 I talked to several mechanics and car enthusiasts and Timken wheel hubs are highly recommended by all . I installed these on my car and they are working well . I would n't call the replacement an easy job .
 Best bearing you can buy and for a great price . Forget those cheap made in china bearings for only 1/3 cheaper . These will last way longer
 I Bought one of these for my Regal and I arrived the NEXT day WOW !! I installed it -LRB- bolt on fit -RRB- and no more bearing noise ; so I ordered another for the other side even though it 's not bad right now . . I know it probably wo n't be long . Huge difference from local parts store offerings of Korea and China made low quality bearings , these bearings just OOZE sturdiness and quality and best of all MADE IN U.S.A. -LRB- the ones I got -RRB- . Buy 'em you wo n't be sorry ...
 I 'm an avid do-it-yourselfer , but not a bearing expert . These fixed the grinding coming from my original bearings on a 2001 Impala with 130k miles . I feel much better having solid , American built , guaranteed hardware between my family and the road than the cheaper Chinese imports that are only rated to last 20k miles or so . The small price difference is more than worth the peace of mind . Thanks Timken , I hope you guys can withstand the flood of lo-fi foreign parts .
 My sons 2000 Grand Prix need -LRB- 2 -RRB- axle bearings and hub assemblies -LRB- the item in question -RRB- Price quoted was $ 254.95 EA . !!!! I purchased these on Amazon for $ 89 -LRB- free shipping -RRB- and the repair shop installed them for labor only . Big , big savings of $ 332 for the exact item/replacement part . Worked perfectly !
 Timken is a superior product all around . DO NOT be fooled into thinking that all manufacturers produce the same quality product -- they do not . I learned this the hard way when I purchased and installed a ` no-name ' brand at a lower price from a NATIONAL AUTOMOTIVE PART SUPPLIER that was manufactured overseas in China . Even tho it shared the same basic p/n and looked the same as Timken , it DID NOT LAST ! Within 6 months it was junk and had to be replaced . Part Warranties mean nothing when you have to keep replacing the part on your labor dime . Stick with a reputable high quality manufacturer at a good , fair price . You wo n't be dissapointed and learn my hard lesson !!
 Installed and matched perfectly . Can not believe how smooth the car drives now . Outstanding quality . Will buy parts from this manufacturer again .
 I bought the pants for the following season , which starts in couple of months here . I just tried it on me and did n't have a chance to ride yet . The material is very good and the pants fit me perfect . The size is exactly the same as my usual jeans size .
 After replacing this my car stopped stalling and is running much better overall . I also did not need to do any Re-learn on the car 's computer . Plug and Play !
 I was losing a lot of power when it was just a acting up . When it went out I thought I was gon na die doing 40 MPH . After I put the new sensor in it began running better than it ever has in the 2 years I 've had it . I 've changed multiple parts on my car and this was by far the simplest . Just plug and play and you will be excited to have all 226 HP back . Add in that autozone wanted $ 160 compared to $ 75 and you 've got a hands down winner
 I was glad to find that we could buy a MAF for our car from Amazon . The price was very competitive with parts stores , and we avoided having to make an extra trip to pick it up . The first MAF sensor we ordered stopped working after a few months , but Amazon promptly shipped a replacement and provided a return shipping label for the defective item . Thank you for simplifying the automotive industry as well , Amazon!The replacement MAF worked great ! Our car idles much smoother , and the check engine light has stayed off .
 It fits well to a 99/2000 Subaru Impreza Turbo GT . It has solved my problem with the idle engine running awkward.Excellent shipping and good timing .
 Not like a typical dryer vent that can easily be dropped into a bucket for storage . This is flexible but also rigid when not stretched . This is a good thing but can be a bad thing in that it is at times hard to direct it around if you are very close to the sewage hook up . When storing it , the cap for the travel trailer side locks in place great but still have n't been able to get the cap on the other side to actually stay on
 We 've had the original Rhinoflex 15 foot hose kit for four years now . It works great . Just now noticed a pin hole leak in the hose . Also ound out that it could have been done by birds . It seems they try to get through to a water source . Now in the market for another Rhinoflex but noticed some people are having problems with the new fittings fitting inside of their 4 inch square bumper . Will investigate this more.What we 've always liked about the Rhinoflex is that it is so rigid . You only need to expand as much hose as is needed to hook up and it holds it 's shape well . It 's not at all like the flimsy limp hoses others make .
 Simply the best hose you can get for your RV , read the specs and feel it at a RV parts store .
 The Camco RV sewer hose and fittings were exactly what we needed . It fit as advertised and was shipped promptly . It was very reasonably priced .
 I have used it several times and it has n't leaked yet and when dealing with human waste , that 's a big deal . The only draw back is the adapter as it wo n't fit inside the 4 '' bumper with the rest of it .
 When I bought my american RV here in Europe , I got a `` kind of hose '' to empty gray and black water tanks . After it was becomming difficult to use it , having to deal with a dozen of little holes along the `` pipe '' , I decided to find some good replacement hose . I have seen the movie `` Camping Car '' , so I had already an idea about what I needed . . without a `` Y '' connection ... :-RRB- Th Camco RhinoFlex sewer Hose kit it THE perfect hose to use . Nothing more to say . No problem to connect , rinse , clean and keep between two uses ... It 's so great ! : D
 This is awesome and a must have if you are into this kind of thing . Put in on my Caddy and it is hot !!!
 This 3D skull license plate is the bomb a great addition that goes well with my other skull accessories . And you ca n't beat the price even with the shipping . Trust me it even looks better when you get it in your hand . Makes my car look wicked !!!!
 My husband has a Chevy Cobalt , and this item was just what he needed to pimp his ride . Cool license plate .
 Like the other reviews state , its even better once you actually have it in your hands . It will look awesome on just about any other vehicle . I have on my truck I use to hunt down wild hogs every week with and the game wardens just love it to !
 I love this paint ! It is very opaque , covers on the first coat and is wonderful as a base for acrylic paints . I am an artist and use it as a base for resin dolls .
 PROS-Sandable-Cap never clogged-Dried very very fast-Even white color-Rust resistant-Smooth consistency -LRB- no chunks -RRB- - Hard to make the paint drip -LRB- unless you 're too close -RRB- CONS-A bit expensive.-When I bought them , they came with a standard `` fat cap , '' that was not as responsive as I would like , but now they seem to have a more high-tech cap , so I do n't know .
 These look great . They also feel sturdy . Installation took a bit longer than I thought it would because I could n't figure out how to get the mount pads into the truck frame cut-outs . If you buy these , just be a little creative and they go right in without hammering or pushing . The instructions were clear enough . Beginning to end probably took 2.0 hours .
 I am a forklift mechanic that recently began working on European Linde forklifts in New Zealand . Many are fitted with a VW engine , I wanted an adapter to use with my existing Snap-on cooling system tester . This works perfectly and the price is good . There is also a plastic threaded adapter you can screw into this to test the radiator cap . I have now used these tools for about a year and am very happy with them .
 Price was good , there are rubber grips on the steering wheel cover , and , it 's cute ! = 0 -RRB-
 I installed these after a few weeks with new front rotors and EBC YellowStuff pads on our 2010 Odyssey , and they had a noticable improvement in the bite of the brakes , providing more confident braking . I had intially hoped just replacing the fronts would do the trick , but the addition of the rear pads was well worth it.Install was easy , took maybe a half hour from start to finish . I did not replace the OEM rotors , and have had no issues .
 I had never heard about this brand name , but it came highly recommended by the repair shop . THe parts that arrived did not match the picture on screen . Items like clutch fork , boot and line were not there . I had to purchase these items and the wrong pilot bushing separately . Upon installation of the pilot bushing , we found it to be the wrong size for my application . The site has it listed as correct for my use 1994 Chevy 350 cu.in . 5 speed . So far the clutch is performing as described for stock use .
 I 've had Lexan covers on my factory fog lights since having them installed in 1997 . When I ordered my new Hella 530 's I also ordered two of the covers , one for each lamp . They snap on and off easily for cleaning and will protect the lens from road rocks . If you order a single 530 kit , you get two lights . You 'll need two of the covers also , they are n't packed in pairs . These covers are made specifically for the 530 , I doubt they would fit any other light .
 The 38210 set is the way to go . Includes both sizes . I would recommend a LONG STROKE air hammer such as AH650 , PH3050 , MT1815 or a Superior Pneumatic . Saves a ton of time . Hubs will come out , just go from flange to flange opposite , like when tightening a wheel . After 1/4 '' or so switch to a chisel and that hub will be on the ground in 10 minutes
 I was extremely happy to find this sidemarker on Amazon.com . It was shipped quickly and packaged well . It is becoming more and more difficult to find parts for my truck . It is a direct replacement part for my '83 Toyota 4WD pickup and was installed within 5 minutes . I am extremely pleased with this item .
 put on my 2005 nissian fronteir . . i live in mountain country with allot of hills and turns these brakes are great ... i had quite a bit noise with the break-in but only for a couple hundred miles . . they are worth the money , and when i change my front brakes i will also use ebc .
 So I was trying to decide ... the Darwin fish ... The Flying Spaghetti Monster ... then , I found it
 If you are as annoyed as I am of the Super Fanatical religious type 's wearing out of their faith by those countless fish emblems on the back of their cars , this emblem is a fitting way to get your revenge while driving!I 'm sure you have seen many incarnations of the `` fish wars ! '' Whether the classic Christian fish , or it 's many incarnations . Then the free thinker 's Darwin fish with the legs , then the `` Truth '' -LRB- so called Jesus fish -RRB- eating the Darwin fish , ad nauseum!The basic message of this emblem ... Hmmm ! Guess ! And it is not merely `` Survival of the Fittest !!! ''
 I bought one of these on July 27 2011 ... It lasted until today ... I found half of it laying on the ground next to my car ... So , for the person who decided to show love for their `` god '' by destroying it . . Thank You ... I 'm buying 2 of them now . . Every time it gets broken , I 'll replace it ... Hopefully I 'll catch you next time and I 'll make you replace it for me : -RRB-
 On the back of my Jeep ... Not super cheap and of course the sticky stuff on the back completes the connection with the auto . I wear it with pride
 I put it on my car right away , and was so excited about it . I kind of wish it was a little harder , but since it probably wo n't last that long in my town , I am still happy about it . I drove with it this morning for the first time on my way to work , and no tailgaters . I am so glad i found this emblem , it is perfect for me , and I will purchase another if mine `` comes up missing '' ; -RRB-
 This has gotten us so many comments ! I love seeing the looks on peoples faces when they are driving behind us and see it on our trunk . It makes me giggle ! Wonderful !
 Well-made pads that perform well and last a long time . Indeed very quiet as advertised , and -LRB- thankfully -RRB- low dust .
 This comes with plenty of oil , and I used it to adjust my valve clearance in my car . Worked great . Get it for that if nothing else .
 i bought this to use until i find my good feeler gauge . in fact it 's good enough for a primary gauge . that said i never need to measure gaps less than .001 '' - and usually not less that .01 '' , so if you 're making industrial tools or aerospace parts , take my recommendation with a grain .
 Lots of sizes . It comes with a special lube so it does n't rust while in the package . Great price too .
 Not much can go wrong with this item . I have n't independently measured the thickness , but have no reason to believe it is n't accurate .
 Works well.Good price.I bought it just to have around . However , I do n't use it much as I buy spark plugs that are pre-set to the right gap . I use it to check the gap for my own entertainment .2007 Toyota Corolla CE gap is .043 I did n't give it 5 stars because it arrives pre-lubricated , to facilitate easy movement of metal parts I presume . However , the lube is a little messy -LRB- Ca n't believe I just said that -RRB- & gets on your hands/fingers/etc , but it 's not too bad .
 Ca n't say anything other than they are extremely affordable and they work . The build is super sturdy and I ca n't imagine these things will break in the next decade or two.They did arrive very oily . To the point that by just holding it in my hand I had oil all over . So I took out all the blades and used a rag to remove some of the oil . The process was super easy and the all the blades reassemble easily , so you can configure the order any way you want .
 Good Quality!Great Price . . Has metric and Standard both listed . Good product for the price and quality for any use !
 Nice gauges at a great price . Well made and I expect them to last . I bought these to use to set up guitars which they work great for . All in alll a great deal !!!!
 Only really purchased for fine tuned neck adjustments on a few of my guitars . Works as it should at a fraction of the cost compared to most hardware stores .
 Everything you need in a feeler gauge set at a price that you ca n't beat . Shipping was fast and the items were exactly as described .
 I checked a few of the available samples against a calibrated micrometer and found them to be spot on . Not sure what else to say ... I would buy them again .
 Good feeler gauge . Works well . No problems with it . It arrived quickly and overall a good purchase . I would recommend this . Good for a guitar Luther or in the automotive field
 Great feeler gauge!Equip it in Corrosion-X , or WD40 for long lasting.Great to measure spark plug gaps , for performing valve adjustments -LRB- valve gap -RRB- , etc. . .
 Do n't really know how someone could write a negative review on a 3 dollar feeler gauge ? Some people complained about the grease on the blades , but did n't bother me , especially if you 're already planning on using it in the garage .
 This is a great set of high quality feeler gauges . With 26 feelers in the set it should meet any of your needs . I 've used them a few times and am very happy with this product .
 This feeler gauge appears to be a good quality product . I purchased it for home use and it satisfies my needs . For the price , it would be hard to beat . Also , this ships directly from Amazon so the shipping charges are included if purchased with other Amazon products .
 This set of feeler gauges are great . It seems to be made of pretty good steel cause I 've used them for a couple of weeks now and have n't put a single nick/bend on any of them . It is .025 '' to .0015 '' in .001 increments down to the last 4 or so and those are in .0005 increments . I have a fairly accurate set of calipers and the ones I tested were dead on . It is shipped in some sort of lighter machine oil to prevent rust . Should be oiled every 3 months or so .
 from spark plugs to cam lobes to valve clearance , this feeler gauge fit the bill for our cars . It has all the necessary measurements that needed to perform routine engine tune ups .
 They do come with a lot of storage oil , but this is a good thing so they are n't pitted and stained when they arrive to the customer . All you have to do is wipe it off , this is standard practice in the tool packaging business . I use these on my aircraft for gaping the flap actuators during installation , great tool . These also work great on my GE engines for checking static blade stretch and low pressure turbine expansion rates , although I 'm not qualified to check the expansion rates in flight like an IA can , so I have to subtract 0.0000042 '' per degree F from the measurement . Great tools though nevertheless . I had mine calibrated by a NIST traceable company so I could use them to document the measurements in my GE engine logbook . FB49
 I do my own valves on the car . I had my heart set on an off-set type of gauge , but the dummies out there have their sizes starting off at .008 . You blew it , guys . There are zillions of us out here who need that .006 . Anyway , this is a nice quality basic set . Five stars
 Not a bad set for the price.My feeler gauge set had seen it 's day after 25 yrs . of use.I would buy this product again .
 I was unable to find any feeler gauges locally that were under .008 '' , and I needed to do a valve adjustment on my 49CC bicycle engine . This tool fits the bill nicely ! The smallest feeler is .0015 '' - half the thickness of a piece of notebook paper ! Definitely worthy of a spot in your toolbox .
 I was hesitant to purchase this set due to the comments about the grease or heavy oil coating . I considered the higher priced alternative that guitar shops sell for around $ 30 , but I did n't know if these are coated with grease or oil too . So , I took a chance on this OEM set . They are coated with what I consider a light coat of oil . I easily removed the oil with a paper towel . I 'm satisfied with this feeler gauge set . Seems like good quality for the price .
 I actually bought these for spark plug gap measurements , but the units provided was way too thin . What i did was stack them , and add up the blades thickness . Dont buy these for spark plug gap measurements . Great feeler blades , but not for spark plugs!And the oil is n't a problem people ... . haha It 's just a simple matter of wiping it off with a paper towel ... haha would have been 5 stars , but i didnt really read the fine print ... . haha
 It works great . If you do n't know what a this is used for then maybe you shouldnt buy it . Or you can ask me and Ill tell you . Lets just say its the best leveling tool you can buy for mounting gun scopes.ps
 Item is as described . Spent about 10 minutes wiping the grease from all feelers . Lucky I live in the desert - no rust here even without grease !
 bought a dune buggy type of vehicle with a VW engine . Feeler gauge works well for mesuring the valves . Gague is in 1000th of an inch instead of 2000th like most others and goes well below the .006 I needed .
 I needed a feeler gauge set the gap on my car 's A/C compressor clutch plate , and this seemed like a good choice , given the price and good reviews . I 've only used it once so far , but I 'm happy with my purchase.The quality seems decent , and the gauges are organized well , so I was able to find the sizes I needed quickly . The gauges are also easy to flip in and out , probably due to all the oil , which leads me to ... As some have mentioned , there 's quite a lot of oil on this . I 'd say there 's more than necessary , but it 's not a big deal . I 'd rather have too much than too little and have the gauges arrive rusted . I usually wear nitril gloves when working on my car , so it 's a non-issue for me .
 I got these feeler gauges to help me when I do set-ups on my guitars . They 've been extremely helpful . If you 're interested in learning how to set up guitars , get these !
 Does the job great . A bit hard to find the specific combination as there are so many of them . -LRB- trade off for compact size -RRB-
 I bought this to use for my guitar when I adjust the truss rod ; it is working perfectly for that ! The only thing is that the blades are covered in oil ! I tried wiping and washing the blades numerous times , but there is still some oil on them that I just ca n't get off . I 'm sure there is a good reason for the oil , but I find it annoying and it may annoy other people too . Overall it 's a good product for the price , and I would buy it again .
 This is just a standard set of feeler blades . I lost my old set and have n't missed 'em for 20 years . These were priced right , they have legible sizes marked on each blade , and I think I 'll get my spark plug gaps , starting point for my points , and valve clearances set correctly with them.Nice product .
 Exactly as described , price is right , and with 26 blades you can measure a lot of different gaps . I only needed for measuring the gap on a grain mill and its worked perfectly so far . Only reason it got a 4 out of 5 is because it was pretty well covered in machining oil when it arrived . Other than that , great product .
 I 'm not sure why I needed to buy these , but the price was right . They are pretty oily , but it sounds like they need to be that way to keep their condition . Some of these are very think , so it does give you plenty of options . I 'm sure one of these days I 'll use them for something and see how great they actually are . I bought them originally to gap spark plugs , but then the plugs I bought said not to gap them .
 I bought this to check spacing on used revolvers . It 's small enough that it just fits in my pocket and has an excellent variety of gauges , far more than I need actually . The little set screw is great and keeps the gauges from flaring out into the cause and getting snagged/bent . I will warn that it comes very wet , practically dripping in oil , so be careful where you store it .
 After viewing product detail pages or search results , look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in .
 Greasy/oily . Took awhile to clean it off . No big deal . But like a lot of people , I ordered this to setup my guitar -LRB- not to play auto-mechanic -RRB- . So obviously , it takes a bit of time to clean it up and get your hands &#34; de-greased &#34; before you want to touch the neck of your guitar . I doubt this kind of oil is something you want on a guitar.But , it did help a lot with the setup , and for its purpose this seems like a very useful tool . If you need a feeler gauge , nothing else really works .
 Came with a huge range of gauge sizes and was oiled for smooth blade movement . Sizes appear accurate and they worked perfectly to do a bass guitar setup , as well as set the valve adjustment on an older Suzuki four wheeler .
 very well made set of guages , I will use them a lot , great price on amazon , I would advise anyone who needs a set to get these , thank you .
 Ordered these for hubby Great Price , Quality Gauges , Received QuicklyHighly Recommended Very Nice Hubby Thrilled rated 5 stars overall
 Cheap , flat and easy to use . I use them for shims on my lathe to set tooling heights . Price is right .
 Came as described . Worked for the valves on my lawnmower and sure ill be doing something else soon . Gotten my money worth so far , great product .
 Great feeler gauge . Easy to identify which blade is blade . You can stack blades to meet whatever spec you desire . The blades do come in some kind of oil residue I guess to prevent premature rusting . I just keep mine in a small plastic bag when I am not using it . Overall great product for the price
 This has been my trusty feeler gauge and it goes where my tool kit goes . It has lasted me for a while . The printings are still there and might fade in a few years.I would have preferred if it was etched but you get what you pay for .
 Worked well for adjusting valves on my Honda Accord . Price was right and they had all the standard sizes which are close enough to the metric
 These are nice blades.Nothing to talk about but are good to have in the tool box.It has all the sizes you need .
 Read all reviews as I always do before ordering . Saw a few issues but was very pleasantly surprised to find these had all been resolved . There was no cosmoline on the unit , which I would not have minded , and the blades were all sufficiently coated in oil . The knurled knob was made of solid metal and easily adjusted . There also was one exact width for checking the valve clearances , another for the point gap and another for the spark plug gap . Size of the unit was ideal for my large hand .
 The thickest one was 0.005 too narrow for my valve specifications but that 's ok I was able to make do . Perhaps I should have read the description better .
 I just measured a few of them with my micrometer . The bigger ones were right on but the .003 .004 ect . . were all .0005 big . But for this price it 's a good throw away .
 I checked some of the feeler gauges with a micrometer and they are accurate . Good price . No complaints . I would recommend them .
 Seems like a well-made product ; covers a wide range of thicknesses . I got it for guitar setup -LRB- e.g. measuring neck relief -RRB- and it has done the trick .
 I use this to check the relief of my guitar after I do a setup . I put a capo on the first fret and hold down the last fret then use the feeler to measure the gap at the 8th fret . I like my relief from 0.006 - 0.01 '' and this set has those measurements and a ton more.Guitar shops sell this type of tool for $ 30 . This set was a fraction of the price . The only downside is it comes heavily oiled so you 'll need to wipe it down with a paper towel on first use .
 I ca n't complain about this thickness gauge set . It is not flimsy or cheap , but rather a great value . The quality is shop quality , and goes down to .0015 , which is something I use nearly everyday as a machinist . I am completely satisfied .
 I 've played guitar for several years now , and only in the past few months have I begun seriously working on guitar setup/repairs as a luthier . The one glaring problem I had as a budding enthusiast was that my tools were n't up to snuff -LRB- what average workbench setup has gauges designed to measure in thousandths ? -RRB- After cringing at prices from LuthierSupply , StewMac , and the like , I stumbled onto this feeler gauge in my Amazon recommendations -LRB- thank you once again for reading my mind ... though it is getting a bit creepy ... -RRB- For under $ 5 , it seemed like a safe bet to take a chance on , and I snapped one up immediately . Upon opening , the first thing I noticed was . . oil . Be warned
 It 's a cheap set of feeler gauges , which come well-oiled because they 'll start to rust the instant you wipe the oil off . That 's just the nature of the beast with these things.To their credit , they put the .025 '' feeler on top and followed with the .0015 '' , .002 '' , and so on . This greatly helps to keep the paper-thin gauges from getting mangled when folding the unit up after use .
 I really did need this tool to help me set the point gap on my old 1969 Chevypickup . True most motors these days have electronic ignition , and my mechanic toldme I should do that to this old truck motor . However , if you can still find ignition points -LRB- I found them at Autozone -RRB- they will still get your motor running , head out on the highway , and all that . This Great Neck tool was a great buy and a high quality tool . Even with theshipping cost it was still a pretty good bargain . I will purchase more items from thisAmazon Merchant and will feel okay about it . The seller was very anxious to pleaseand shipped this tool very fast , which I do appreciate . Thanks again !
 For those of your who know what an HK 91 or PTR 91 is , then this little tool will help you ensure that you are within spec on your bolt gap . I saw some large salty tears and ruffled needle-point pillows here regarding excessive `` grease '' on this tool ... next I heard the cymbal crash , and then nothing as I waited for the punchline to the grease joke.Carbon steel tools rust folks , I think that this tool would be rated 1 star if it came all pitted up with rust -LRB- which would defeat the sensitive range of the tool -RRB- as the result of an English-Tea-Time-appropriate amount of grease , designed not to smudge up your fancy white lacy gloves . Solution
 i moved the blades for the combinations that i normally need . it is oily which is good for a limited use tool .
 Product arrived as advertised . No complaints . The sizes are claerly etched in inches AND MM . I 'm satisfied .
 Recommend by colleague . Can disassembled the thing and put the gauges one wants on the outside . Nice quality metal . Good product . They even oil it before the put it into the package so it wo n't rust . Very nice .
 I have mixed emotions about this rack . It was for certain the most cost effective route for creating storage for my Rubicon however the product arrived and I noticed that it was slightly warped in shape . It took some muscle to work it into shape in order to attach the roll cage brackets in order to mount it . The holes did n't exactly match up at first . The product also does n't seem to be as durable as I would like it so it will be used for light duty storage of my gear . -LRB- bags , cooler , etc -RRB- . I purchased the mounting brackets for the rack as well from Bestop.Bestop 41437-01 HighRock 4X4 Black Lower Cargo Rack BracketIf you go this route and you have pads on your roll bars you will have to make some modification to the pads so that the clamps attaching the brackets will fit properly . Not too hard if you have some basic mechanical knowledge and are good at measuring . Getting the tray level was probably the most complicated of all the jobs . overall I am satisfied with the product but would like to see some modifications on future models .
 I put this rack on my jeep yj great rack light weight , strong . . good price
 it is black , long with several bends , and round . I does what it is supposed to do . And the two ends are sized to match the radiator and engine fittings perfectly . Oh , and it was a great price .
 As soon as I got it , it went on the bike and had not come off . I know , the Goldwing has enough storage , but this it 's easy to reach , very functional
 I use this refrigerator in a Peterbilt Semi truck and it works great . Unlike coolers the temp in this refrigerator stays constant . When installing it is important that ventilation can get to the rear of the unit . I have mine mounted on the drivers side in the sleeper with a vent added near the top of the wall over the sleeper controls . This unit is built for use in trucks and holds up to the abuse a truck gives . I have been using Norcold refrigerators for 15 years . I only had a warranty claim once many years ago but Norcold took care of the problem right away . They stood behind the product .
 This product makes my truck just a little better than it was . The OEM stearing wheel did not look as great as it does now . Thank you very much for sending this fast .
 `` Easy Slip On '' bah ! Not quite ! It was like playing tug of war with a vicious dog to get this over my steering wheel - but by golly I got it to fit over my steering wheel after a major 5-minute workout ! It was worth it ! -LRB- saved me from having to be on the treadmill for 30 minutes later that day anyway -RRB- . I had to stand outside of the car and tug and pull to get it to go over the entire steering wheel . The quality is amazing and the appearance goes well with my floor mats and visor/CD holder . I highly recommend this steering wheel cover for your car - it feels great on my hands when I am driving and does n't get TOO HOT in the sun -LRB- but still gets pretty warm -RRB- it does n't slip around and has a nice grip as you drive.I personally like the design on the bowtie edition of the accessories compared to the other offerings by CHEVY . I am sure they are just as nice in quality as the bowtie - but I ca n't speak for those . I am truly pleased with the bowtie accessories and do recommend these products to anyone needing to accessorize their Chevy vehicle . You wo n't be disappointed with the quality or the design ... both are pleasing as are the prices .
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas - 2011 . Its made out of very soft leather , and makes driving long trips very comfortable . Hubby was n't even a big fan of it when he got it , but now all he does is brag abt it . Plus , he 's a big Chevy fan , so this fits right in with his other Chevy items . : -RRB-
 This steering wheel cover is very well made . I placed it on the dash with heater on . I came back 10 minutes later to find it very soft and pliable . It went on with moderate effort and once it cooled down a bit , it fit tightly on the steering wheel . I 'm very happy with this product .
 Shipping is perfect . And the item is match my requirement . Although it is hard to put it on the wheel , I like it .
 This item was really hard to install . Be prepared for a war to get it on your steering wheel . Once you do it will be nice and tight so it wont slip on the wheel . It appears to be well made , just way too hard to install .
 Fits an HHR steering wheel just perfect . Awesome Chevy branded product and would recommend . Good quality and nice feel on the hands .
 Good fit , -LRB- tight -RRB- no slip pretty tough and looks great definitely recommend non leather , replaced older oneNo problem ... lol
 Replacing a like and kind steering wheel cover , so I already knew about this item . Fits like a glove , grips nice . Old one lasted 7 years .
 Item was well made , colors bright and clear item was easy to install as long as you got the item warm .
 The cover was tight on the steering wheel and let 's everyone know how proud you are of your Chevy!It was a great item that not only fit good , but went good with other features of the interior .
 I like this product a lot . Keeps everything safe and secure , and with my duster back cover on , there 's even room between the lid of the extendatrunk and the duster cover to store my soft doors when the weather permits and the trunk is full.Only downside was in the instructions , when it has you connect the two main pieces that are installed into the car , it specifically says `` do not tighten '' the bolts and then the instructions never say later when you should finally tighten everything . Once you put on the metal plate that covers these bolts , you obviously ca n't loosen or tighten anything . Upon lifting the unit into the car , you 'll realize the bolts -LRB- as well as the metal plate -RRB- had to have about 1/4 '' of give , otherwise the mounting screws at the rear of the car would n't completely secure it into place . I got lucky and had it `` close enough '' that it 's secure , but I do n't know why they just did n't make the entire thing 1/4 '' wider so you could actually tighten everything down.Another thing to note is that the picture shows the trunk in the Jeep with no cover over-top . If you have no cover over it , then there will be a ~ 1/2 '' space between the rear gate and the lid of the extendatrunk . You should be able to take the metal part off the bottom of your soft rear window and insert it there to cover up the ~ 1/2 '' opening , but it was just something I did n't think I 'd have to do . Considering I have the duster top over it anyway , this bar is already there for me , so it was n't an issue.Also to note - I have a '98 wrangler , which Amazon 's page specifically says would not work with the trunk . I checked Bestop 's website before buying , which said the particular model number works fine with TJ 's , so I ordered and everything works fine .
 All good . East to install and great fit and looks . Largest storage space . Three issues with instructions :1 . They say to partially tighten the five bolts that hold the unit together but do not say when to tighten them . Turns out they can be fully tightened and the cover plate put on before ever putting the trunk into a 2006 Wrangler .2 . The gap between the sliding top and the jeep door when the jeep soft top retaining bar is removed was not described . Some method should be included to resolve that gap by limiting the trunk top from sliding too far forward . However this is not a big deal .3 . There were no instructions on using the `` tool '' to insert and compress the jeep side attachment points .
 Awesome replacement for stock rear sprocket was excited it fit perfectly and the quality of the product is great . I will buy it again when it comes time to replace again
 Nice machining great fit , not the fastest shipping . I only use JT sprokets on all my equipment so I love the product and think if ur reading this u should go for it you wont be sorry .
 This is the exact replacement for the Ninja 250 Pregen . I bought it along with a new chain and front sprocket , however , I believe that it was really unnecessary . The front sprocket was really worn bad , but the rear did n't have hardly any wear . I would recommend changing the rear sprocket only every other chain . The front sprocket should be changed with every new chain .
 i was trying to fit a 2012 Lifan engine on a 1973 Kawasaki frame / wheel this sprocket was the missing link . goto jtsprockets.com for technical drawings and measurements t insure it fits your bike
 this product has lived up to my expectations . Steel construction not plastic . A must for any tec that is doing radiater or cooling system work . Works for pressure and vaccume of cooling systems . Great adapter .
 Some Stant Adapters are expensive . So order only if needed . Also , check the Stant Web site for additional information . Stant Pressure Tester # 12270 is required .
 I replaced the rear brake shoes for my parking brake in my Silverado . The adjusters and basically all of the hardware included in this kit was rusted out . It all worked fine and my parking brake works great now .
 I ordered these seat covers from another site about 4 years ago . They are durable , very comfortable , cushioned back and seat , stylish , and easy to put on.I just ordered the second set from Amazon . These seat covers last FOREVER . I live in Florida ; the heat never cracked the seat covers.Great quality ; takes a beating , easily cleaned . Ca n't wait for this set to come . Also , Amazon , by far , has the best prices for these seat covers .
 Great product intalled pretty easy in my 92 ' camaro just had to cut a small slit in it to make it fit but fit really well . There really comfortable to especially cause I have a bad back .
 best price very good deal very accurate very nice product and good price thanks like i said if i m going to the store the price is to hi
 Works like Oem . Dont make mistake thinking the more shocks cost the better they are . I went through 2 other sets of shocks before getting these the cheapest ones . The sensatrac were to stiff and hard and rebounds . Gabriel Ultra truck shock was so very hard twice as bad as sensatrac . The cheaper u buy the more like normal like OEM it will ride . Theres not really better just harder .
 The install was surprisingly easy for me under jack stands and using a basic socket set and a power drill and extension for the top mounting nut . These shocks really improved the front portion of my ride and handling to near factory condition . This is a great part at a great price . Total front installation time was ~ 1.25 hours at my apartment in the parking lot not in a garage . Save your money and change your shocks yourself !
 Narrower/thinner , and extended length 1-2 inches shorter than OEM . Had to raise control arm a couple inches to install . Works fine as far as I can tell -LRB- city street use only so far -RRB- .
 The shock absorbers arrived from the vendor with one of the rubber shock tower cushions already mounted on the tower and with the lower mounting nuts/bolts missing . I notified Amazon by e-mail about the quality control problem with their vendor 's product and Amazon 's response was to re-order an entire new shock absorber . Amazon notified me by e-mail of the re-order and through a telephone conversation , I was informed an entire product re-order was Amazon 's only solution to my problem . I went to a local hardware store , purchased two Class 8 bolts , washers , nuts for 43 cents , installed the shocks and refused the re-ordered shock absorber when it arrived.The shock absorbers function well , are priced to make a very good value .
 This kit contained every gasket combination required , with one exception , there are two tiny cork gaskets between the choke and the carburetor body that are not included , so I could not give a 5 star rating . Other than the two gaskets not included in the kit , it was of high quality like all Holley parts and equipment , so would definitely recommend this product .
 No complaints at all . Just what I was looking for to replace my original rotors on my 2002 Mazda . 1000 Miles so far and no problems , price is great too .
 Product description is in error . These are the 121 series rotors and they are NOT coated -- E or otherwise . The 120 series rotors appear to be the same as these except that they ARE coated , but cost more .
 We purchase this lock to work with our Heininger 2200 Advantage 2 '' SportsRack glideAWAY 4 Bike Rack Carrier and it works perfectly . You just have to be careful that there is room for the lock mechanism on your hitch -LRB- ours barely fit -RRB- . Another reviewer indicated this is not an effective anti-wobble lock but I believe that they are mistaken . The threaded pin by itself is not an anti-wobble device but when screwed into the nut that is installed inside the rack 's receiver unit it becomes a very effective anti-wobble system . I believe this lock would work with any 5/8 threaded anti-wobble system provided the thread size is the same . Both the Carrier and the Lock met all of our expectations -LRB- ability to move bikes back while we get into rear of our Honda Pilot and an effective lock to keep someone from unhitching and taking everything -RRB- .
 Yes , it works nice with Heininger 2200 Advantage 2 '' SportsRack glideAWAY 4 Bike Rack Carrier . All you need is to tighten the screw . Recommend to get 13/16 '' hex socket to tighten it . I decided to write a review since one of reviewers ' comments is misleading .
 I do n't know how you could have the step and use it to its fullest ability without purchasing the lock.I would be afriad someone would steal the step without it .
 I do n't usually give a five star review but with the price I paid when I bought this from Warehouse deals , this is definitely a steal . I use this plus a 3/8 '' safety lock to secure our 5-bike rack of a different brand to our minivan . Seems effective as our bikes and rack are still there despite leaving them behind with nobody watching over the vehicle . I just hope that it is durable as the other reviewers say .
 I purchased the Heininger 6000 extension and 6001 threaded hitch lock at the same time . I have not test drove it yet , but it seems to accomplish what I wanted . My bike rack now fits on my Wrangler with room to spare clearing the 12.5 in wide spare on the back . I really like having more than one pin location.I was not sure if the lock thread would fit with the extension , but it does . Despite the very little clearance available around my hitch , I did get it to fit and lock . I had to insert it from the left as the hitch wire harness connection interfered with the lock when inserted from the right . I also discovered that the hitch lock on my 2in receiver Yakima rack fits the same threads as well . I may have purchased another one of these instead had I known . It would be nice to just have one key for everything.The only downside I encountered was that 6001 and 6000 were not in stock together , meaning I had to pay for shipping on both from two different Amazon affiliates .
 This does the job perfectly . It is worth every penny . You must have this !! Yes , you must purchase this locking trailer hitch to do the following : - Lock you bike rack to prevent theft and - This `` screw-in '' bolt , keeps your bike rack from wabbeling back and forth . Withoutthis `` screw-in '' feature your rack will sway as you drive and possibly cause shiftingin your bikes and possibly even shake a bike loose . Be sure to secure all bikes withbungy chords in addition to the racks rubber straping .
 I bought these for my 2000 dodge ram 1500 and do they ever work great ! breaks stay nice and cool no fade and the break dust is all most gone ! These rotors are worth the purchase !
 The fit a little funny at first , but after heating up in the car a few times , they sort of formed to the seats . You ca n't really tell they 're seat covers because they attach under the seat . The color was awesome for my car interior , which is slightly less than dark grey . Unfortunately , because I have leather seats under these seat covers , they make a funky squeaking noise sometimes when the two leathers rub together .
 AMAZON saved me $ 70 - $ 100 + on this kit . Clearly marked `` top '' on rings . Top notch gaskets.The 97.5 seadoo 951 motor base gasket is different . But oval out a line up pin hole '' by 1/3 '' fixes that problem .
 It is a perfect fit for the Honda Element.It was a piece of cake to install it , even though I did not mount it myself and was just watching .
 I purchased one of these as a replacement for a cheap cone that was included with a short ram intake I bought for my 2005 Acura RSX . Night and day difference - just from the paper cone going to this actual high flow cotton cone . It 's cheap , cleanable and re-oilable . With that in mind ; you do n't have to worry about getting another filter . Ever . The mesh seems to be of a good quality and since it 's all rubber , there 's no worries about the end caps rusting either . This was definitely in the top three mods to a mod I 've done , just because it was so cheap , added a tangible amount of power , and is so well constructed and thought out . It 's worth noting that you should also buy aSpectre 884820 Accucharge Filter Kitkit along with this so you can maintain it . For added protection , I found that theInjen Technology X-1033RED Red Hydro-Shield Pre-Filterfits perfectly over this filter for added looks and peace of mind .
 If you are like me and you bought your car used VW without floor mats then you may be familiar with the frustration of trying to replace them . No longer available from the dealer , the oem mats are only available used at a price way higher than these . After trying several different generic fit and cut to fit mats I still could not get mats that fit properly . The contours needed are to aggressive and I could not trim enough to keep the mats flat on the ground . The other issue I personally had was all of the other mats were too long and I no longer had the clearance for the clutch pedal . Sounds strange but it 's true . I wore a hole through one mat in a matter of weeks due to this . These mats are cut perfectly , In my car they match the contours just right , finally the mats can sit flush on the floor . They also stop right before the clutch pedal so my aforementioned issue is now a distant memory . Not only do they avoid the problems of the generic mats but they also cover more area of the floor which is great . You ca n't go wrong with these mats . The material is n't all that great but it 's still better than the auto part store mats . I can only imagine the higher end options offered are far superior in feel and quality . But these get the job done for a fair price , I am pleased with these .
 I bought a full set of these struts for our 2004 Hyundai Accent . The car had about 90k on it when I did the installation . We did n't realize how poor the ride had become since it deteriorated over the years . But once I installed these struts , it now rides like a new car . The installation was a breeze and the fit and finish lives up to Monroe 's standards . Not to mention what a GREAT price I got these for .
 Excellent . It 's exactly what I wanted , delivered within the timeframe offered and the price was satisfactory .
 A friend used before me to work on his van and it met his expectations , as soon as i get some good weather iam going to use it as well .
 The needle fits snug on the grease-gun , its just a little smaller bore than I thought it would be . Worked ok
 Very fast shipping speed . This is a stainless steel ; 1 1/2 '' long needle/injector that fits on the end of a grease gun hose . It is flexible and has a zerk type fitting on the end . Fits up nicely and works quite well .
 Priced well and arrived on time.Fits perfectly for the flush Zerk fitting used on Dodge Ram Trucks drive shaft .
 Fits my 1996 Eagle Talon ESI , and works fine . The harder part was getting the old one off , make sure you have access to a ball joint separator -LRB- looks like fork tines -RRB- .
 My car was in need for some brakes and rotors and I was looking for a good quality set that did n't cost a arm and a leg . Then I came across the `` Centric '' brand . I did alot of research and seen there was alot of happy people using this brand . This brand is also a sub company from `` Pro Stop '' which is a well name in the brake world . So I bought these rotors and the matching fronts , along with the Centric Posi Quiet ceramic brakes . I called centric before the purchase to make sure everything would work well and that infact the rotors could handle the ceramic pads , bc not all rotors can handle ceramic pads . But everything works great and they produce so much less dust on my chrome wheels which is nice . 1 month strong , no problems , very little highway driving and aggressive city driving
 days of buying another battery for my small machines are at an end . This PC625 is without a doubt a shoppers must have . Two years old and still go 'n like a die hard energizer . From my six and a part horse power generator to my 85 horse jetski , it cranks them all at their best with lotz of life to spare . Do n't do what I did for a lot of years -LRB- two at a time -RRB- get this one and enjoy your pleasure ...
 Nice battery . Tossed it in my Cessna 172 to move it around on the ramp , and it turned her over quicker than she ever did with a wet battery . Went down to run it up about 3 weeks later , and it 's still topped up . Highly recommend .
 The battery is every thing I expected it to be . This is the way to go if you want a Top Notch trouble free battery that should last years . Dry cell is way to go !!! This is a Military grade battery , and is an excellent choice for a PWC . I bought this battery because of my son 's experience with these batteries . He has ran these Odyssey batteries for several years in his jet-ski 's and they fire-up every season no problem .
 I first used Odyssey batteries in my stand-up PWC in 2005 , because flooded lead acid batteries kept failing on me . I 'm still using that same battery today -LRB- 2012 -RRB- ! I occasionally use a desulfating pulse charger on it to keep it in top condition , but that 's a long life no matter how you slice it . We got a second PWC which needed a new battery , so I did n't hesitate to get another PC625 . Yeah , they 're expensive , but not as expensive as multiple flooded batteries + hassle . I 'm so happy with the PC625 that I might invest in bigger Odyssey batteries for my bigger boats when the time comes .
 Like some of the reviewers have stated `` it 's a battery '' . It does n't grant wishes or make dreams come true , but as far as batteries go , it 's a top of the line product AND I take care of all my odyssey batteries with the G750 smart chargerNOCO Genius G750 6V/12V 750mA Fully Automatic Battery Charger and Maintainer -LRB- Grey -RRB- .
 This rugged , high-power battery works well in my 2003 Yamaha FX-140 Jet-Ski , and it is not much more expensive than the lead-acid and AGM batteries I 've used in the past . It requires some spacers -LRB- made from a 1 X 2 trim board -RRB- to fit the existing battery tray , but otherwise works fine .
 This is my second battery purchase for my pair of waverunners and I have to say you live and learn . Do n't skimp on your waverunner batteries folks , I learned the hard way early on i pulled my waverunner off the trailer and viola battery is dead , pretty embarrassing to say the least . So now I only use Odyssey batteries in my waverunners and keep them maintained during storage with aNOCO G750 NOCO Genius Gray 6V and 12V 750mA -LRB- .75 A -RRB- Fully Automatic Battery Charger and Maintainerand I suggest you guys do the same to avoid an embarrassing moment like that one .
 THESE ODYSSEY BATTERIES ARE PROBABLY THE BEST ON THE MARKET ... I HAVE THEM IN MY JET SKIS -- MOTORCYCLES -- GENERATOR -- CAR AND THEY JUST LAST ... TWICE THE TIME AS A REG BATTERY ... MY HARLEY BATTERY LASTED 2 YRS ... AND MY ODYSSEY HAS BEEN IN MY ULTRA FOR 4 YRS NOW ... PLUS THE PRICE HERE ON AMAZON IS ANYWHERE FROM $ 25-60 CHEAPER THAN ANYWHERE ELSE ... NO TAX AND FREE SHIPPING ... GOT TA LOVE IT !!
 I read reviews that this was a very good battery , I seen it for myself , ... I was riding my Jetski hit a wave wrong flipped over , it took a few mins the ski upright again , everything was flooded inside engine compartment , Water in motor , I tried to crank the ski for 1 hour grinding on starter to get all the water out of motor ... nothing , I had to be pulled back to boat ramp ... I grind starter another 45 min with out charging battery . No luck . ** Take note ** never charged battery . So all n all about 2 hours of tring to start ski . Of course when I got home it fired up but to late to ride ... Long story short a reg battery would never lasted as long as this one -LRB- Reg battery 10 mins at most -RRB- , with constant grinding on starter . This battery had full power at all times . I will always use this for all my ski 's ...
 These are the only PWC batteries I will purchase . My first one was over three years old and still working strong when I sold my Polaris . I purchased two used Yamahas and this was the first thing I replaced for them . What has worked extremely well for me is installing a perko switch and turn that puppy off when you &#8217; re not using the battery . It really extends the battery life . I use on my boat and PWC &#8217; s ; especially in the off season and during the winter in storage .
 This has been performing excellently for me and at what I thinkis a good price to make it a very good value .
 I used this for my backup trolling motor and my trolling motor goes just as fast with this as it does with a big battery , just not as long of course . I didnt time it but it got me back to shore on Shasta Lake .
 The Odyssey PC625 Powersports Battery is a very good trolling motor battery , but like with any battery I maintain it with a smart charger . I personally use theNOCO Genius G750 6V/12V 750mA Fully Automatic Battery Charger and Maintainer -LRB- Grey -RRB- , but there are plenty of smart chargers on the market .
 It is a 12 volt battery , as described . It arrived on time in good shape , and the price was good . I am using it in my Sonex , and it does just what it is supposed to do .
 I got tired of acid batteries getting low on water and having to try refilling them in my jet skis . these are great
 worth buying a little more expensive one i have two of t hese now one in atv and one in a seadoo they work much better than original
 A friend recommended this battery to me . He 's been happy with his -- we are using them in our jet skis . We like the fact that the battery is sealed ... It has the appropriate power , and the warranty was a plus .
 This battery fits perfectly in my 1999 SeaDoo GTX Limited and spins the starter like my older battery could not . Seems to maintain its full charge with no problems . Costs double the standard battery so I 'll need 2 or 3 years of satisfactory service for it to be a good deal .
 I love the battery , just wish the terminals were more user frinedly . Very difficult to deal with in tight spaces .
 these batteries do not generate gasses dangerous especially due to the equipment that must be nearby when you generate solar/wind electricity . this co. ships fast and refunds are not a problem . their prices are the best and their rating is almost always 5 star . ` nough fer me .
 This is my second Odyssey Battery and the first one is still working fine . I use these in a pair of Yamaha WaveRunners . One of the best features on this battery is its ability to hold a charge . Come winter , I just disconnect the battery and leave it in the WaveRunner and it is ready to go in the spring ; the cold does not bother it at all .
 heheh , I 'm going to be the outlier here - believe it or not I use this in my car ! :-RRB- I think this really shows the power and versatility of this battery . I modified the back of my car to open up to allow for easier working on the engine , but this required me to tilt the trunk 90 degrees - the original battery was a normal battery , so this would translate to spilling it 's contents all over everything , which is generally what you do n't want to do . So I searched around and looked for what my options were in terms of a sealed battery that could still put out enough amps to turn over my car more than a few times and not leave me stranded in some parking lot . A couple other Lotus owners also identified this battery -LRB- which they used for weight reasons -RRB- , and I switch to it about two years ago - without a single issues.Now I do n't recommend this for everyone -LRB- or really anyone -RRB- , because there are quite a few caveats - such as I had to put a battery quick-disconnect on it because the parasitic load from the alarm would drain it dead in about a week . But I think the fact that I can use the battery and have it perform so well in an environment it most likely was not intended to be in speaks volumes of its quality .
 The Odyssey PC625 Powersports Battery is a very good Battery . When I first received the battery , I was a little worried because it is very compact . I put it in my boat -LRB- it arrived fully charged -RRB- and went out to the lake . I tooled around for about 4 hours and still had a 1/4 charge . I liked it so much that I bought a second one and I now use two of these to power my 40 lbs thrust electric trolling motor . The small size allows me to easily fit both in my Minkota Battery enclosure . I have the motor on my square back canoe , and this set of batteries keep me trolling all day long . Smooth power delivery and long life as well as the compact sealed design make these batteries ideal for powering small boat motors . It takes and holds a charge very well . It is a little more expensive than a similar battery -LRB- that is larger , heavier , and may not work as well -RRB- but I believe it is completely worth the price . I would recommend these without hesitation .
 A bigger battery might run longer but this battery does n't weigh much and its easy to carry around.I thought I 'd try this one out because of all the good reviews.You can see a video I made of this battery being used on my inflatable boat here with a trolling motor by clicking on '' By Rod Hays - See all my reviews '' . The video is on '' Intex Seahawk II Boat Set ''
 I use the PC 625 in an experimental aircraft . It has proven reliable and is quite powerful for its relatively small size and weight . I use an Odyssey charger to keep the battery topped off when not charged by the engine alternator . Since it is a dry type battery there is no acid spillage to contend with .
 I purchased one of these several months ago.I used it on a 12v pump unit that has a constant 5 Amp load when on.I had tried a few other SLA typeBatteries , mostly for lawnmowers , but I was not satisfied with the life span.Due to the location of this particular project , this battery needed to be placed where space was a definite issue . I ended up turning it on its back side , with the terminals up for easier access . Nice option , many of the other batteries I have tried would not work on their side.I have found the power of this battery to be tremendous for its size . With a full charge I was able to run the pump for 7 + hours constant . This Particular unit now has a series of solar panels put in place to quickly recharge it each day.I used a Morning star solar battery charge controller with the low voltage shut off to control the power of the panels.So far the battery has withstood about 60 deep cycle draw-downs , as it has run the pump through the night , shut off at low voltage then recharged and right back to work again . As of this point the battery seems to be holding up just fine . I have not seen a noticeable loss of power . More than I can say for other SLA Type batteries I used.The battery is a great size for the power . The non-spillable nature of it and being able to mount it on multiple planes is a definite plus . I would consider keeping one f these in my old hunting truck just in case the main battery ever let me down while in the woods , it would be a great backup.Great Product , I will definitely consider purchasing another one for my future projects .
 I am on my 4th year with this battery . I have over 275 hours on my PWC -LRB- 2006 Yamaha FXHO -RRB- and this battery is still going strong . I may replace it at the end of this year just to be on the safe side , but I will definitely buy another one . The lead/acid batteries I used in the past needed to be replaced every other year due to leakage or failure . This is a great battery for a PWC .
 This is my first time to purchase this type of battery . I usually have to replace the batteries on my Yamaha Watercraft every two years . This battery is designed to last much longer and has lots of cranking amps .
 Not really much you can say about a battery , but this thing is the best battery I have ever purchased . Holds a charge much longer then my stock waverunner battery and is a must have for the serious waverunners .
 These rear rotors were very good value for an OEM replacement rotor for my 2004 Honda Accord EX Sedan . The slotted rotors do make a little noise while driving on the freeway , but it 's not very noticeable to me . If your putting slotted rotors on your car , you should n't really be concerned with a little noise anyway . These rotors cost the same price as the OEM Rotors from my local Honda dealer . Very economical for what your getting .
 Installed on a 1979 FJ40 2F engine . Distributor cap and spark plug ends fit very securely . Spark plug boots were orange , wires were gray and the set looks great ! Inspected every crimped end and they were dead on ! Expected to last long time.FYI for first timers - Every set I 've installed over the years have required final adjustment of boots to the end of the cable as caps and plugs differ . Its better to hold the wire and pull pull the boot to shorten , rather than hold the connector & pull the boot to lengthen . The connector is not designed to be pulled on .
 Excellent shocks . More rigid then the stock ones . Very happy I replaced them . Saved alot of money buying these and replacing them myself .
 great replacement compressor for my 97 ford explorer v8 . However you do have to know how to properly install a compressor .
 Just what I needed to complete the restoration of my Jeep . It takes a little practice to get tape this wide on without air bubbles underneath , but it looks great when you finally get it right .
 Excellent quality hose , was about 1 '' too long for my 2008 Forester . When I test fit the hose , the hose kinked a bit . Trimmed a bit off of each end and it fit just like the OEM hose . The hose was the correct shape , would recommend keeping the packing slip and marking which hose is the top and bottom . They are almost identical on the Forester .
 I bought this for my Avalanche and I have to say it fits very well on the windshield . I should have gotten this a long time ago .
 I wrote a review on the same sunshade but for the trucks . It 's the same I guess because it fit like a glove . I have a 2011 Tahoe and it works great ! Rolls up good and fits in place great . If it holds up for a long time I 'll be very happy . Good product !
 This is my seventh Heatshield , and it is always the first accessory I buy with a new vehicle . Because it is made for each specific vehicle , it fits perfectly and offers great protection from the sun . With just a little use , it gets creased and more pliable , making installation a snap . The price is right , as well . It outperforms by far one of those cheap box store jobs that 's not even a custom fit .
 WOW absolutely perfect fit for my 2011 silverado ! picked up one of the cheap one at the local Walmart and they arnt in the same league . dont even waste your time buying a cheap one . this one is awsome !
 I have a HEATSHIELD for my other vehicle , and it is perfect . I knew I wanted another for my Tahoe , but the dealer wanted way to much money for a sunshade . Amazon is always my go to place . The price was much less than the dealer for the same product . Heatshields are custom cut for every vehicle , and fit perfectly in the windshield . They are both lightweight , and seem insulated to keep the sunlight and heat out . I love my heatshields , and have no doubt that you will to .
 I love my Tweety steering wheel cover . I purchased some seat covers from another store and it matches perfect . I love Amazon , I buy off the website all of the time . Amazon is great .
 I have already used it for several weeks.It fits for my steering wheel very well , easy to slip on.Comfortable and very cute.fast shipping with a good package .
 very good quality , and will give it to my son for Christmas , and know he will agree with me , very happy with both orders i purchased
 This is a good purchase ! My hands are no longer slippery ! Even on hot summer days , it protects my hands from the hot steel wheel .
 This one fits my Honda CR-V so good . And it brings me fun everyday I see it.And this cover also feels great !
 Never thought i would find another one like it . The other one lasted for 6 long years . love it.The price was good too .
 Hello . This steering wheel cover is extremely durable , & fits tightly around steering wheels , so that it does n't move at all . Hope this helps .
 i am a tweetybird lover and my sterring wheel cover fits great and i love it
 Great item !! and fast shipping !! Would be better if one of the Tweety Birds were reversed -LRB- so it wo n't look backwards -RRB- . Be glad to do business again !
 This set is extremely helpful , the detail is more than I could ask for . And the materials list is very helpful !
 No complaints with this one . It fit correctly and was easy to install.It took longer to get the tools than to do the job .
 Fast delivery and fits ! It is a much better value than the OEM unit . Much more economical ! Good supplier and good product what else can you ask for !
 This item worked great and seemed to be as good or better than the factory filter in my 05 grand prix .
 This Pilot Brand genuine leather steering wheel cover arrived yesterday.When I took it out of the box , I could not believe the feel of this item -- it was super heavy as far as leather steering wheel covers go.The tag affixed to this item indicates that it has a rich comfortable feel.Man ` o ' man is that ever an understatement!I do n't believe that the manufacturer could have made it any better if they tried!I have been driving since the early 1970 's and years ago , the better aftermarket steering wheel covers gave the consumer the option to lace it to the steering wheel with a long thin vinyl strip.Years later , I was able to purchase thin leather steering wheel covers and sew them on with the strong string they provided , but as we all know , there are points on the steering wheel that block that stringing process.This product requires no modification -- it naturally encapsulates the vehicle 's steering wheel to a large extent -- not completely though.When you drive with this steering wheel cover , you will not believe the comfort on your hands -- it feels padded although it appears to me that this is due to the high grade leather used.This product is an official licensed GM product.I installed it on a 17 degree day -LRB- very COLD ! -RRB- and it went on relatively easy.It did not shift while I was driving either.I have a Chevy Equinox and there is some red stitching on the car 's interior and this item provided a great accent -- see the red bow ties!I use a Club security lock on my steering wheel and unlike with the factory leather cover on the steering wheel , this item makes it so the Club steering wheel lock does n't shift when I engage it.Sometimes when that steering wheel lock shifts , it can rip your pants pockets getting into the vehicle.If you 're worried about the Chevy logos rubbing off , they are recessed so that the red bow tie and the words Chevrolet are slightly below surface.I 'm not big on using steering wheel covers ; however , my vehicle is about 7 months old and already the original leather steering wheel cover feels a little rough in one spot.I want to preserve the vehicle as close to showroom condition as possible as I tend to keep them for many years -LRB- one car I had for 23 years ! -RRB- and if I decide to sell , it may add to the vehicle 's resale value.If the application is appropriate for your vehicle , please give this item a try and you wo n't be sorry you did !
 Fit like a glove , good quality and arrived promptly . I was very pleased and would highly recommend this product to anyone .
 I bought in a plain Jane leather steering wheel cover from my local auto store . I saw this at my local Napa store and they wanted over USD35 for it . So I said forget that and I bought it at Amazon for basically half the price . It looks and feels great and will last a long time and dresses to Chevy nice in fact it covers a new steering wheel because the original one the rubber came loose from the aluminum frame or skeleton and you can not repair that I know I tried and so I am protecting the new OEM optional sport steering wheel which cost me USD330 from the dealer 4 years ago . Do not want to buy another one of those .
 I bought this cover for a Chevy S10 pick up truck . It fits great . It was hard to get on , but not impossible . I would definitely recommend this product .
 it is such a perfect fit very satisfied was bought for my husbands new avalanche , his truck sits outside at work in the sun .
 Koneta makes these bed protectors in a Ford-labelled version , sold by FoMoCo as a Genuine Accessory . I used the 8-foot version in my prior truck for almost three years . Bed mats in general are highly useful -- cheaper than a spray-on or slide-in bed liner in most cases , and better at protecting the bed . -LRB- If you haul a lot of things which bang up against the truck bed walls , a spray-on or slide-in liner is probably better . -RRB- Besides being simpler to install and remove , a rubber bed mat tends to hold cargo in place better than a spray-on liner , and much better than the plastic slide-in liners . If a load leaves the bed very dirty , a mat is easier to remove for cleaning if simply hosing out the bed is not enough.So ... a similar product from the same manufacturer for the same truck and bed size has worked well for me in the past , and I would have no problem buying one of these as a replacement in the future .
 My father-in-law drives a Silverado and he is in and out of the bed all the time since he keeps a wheel chair back there for his wife . His knees are n't what they used to be , so this tends to be a major pain.Anyway , last week we put a HitchMate TruckStep on his receiver and he 's been using it ever since . The install only took a few minutes and was easy to do . The step itself folds up when not in use and extends about 2 feet when needed . This is one of those simple ideas that really works.After a week of use , he says he could n't live without it - so I guess that means he likes it ! *** UPDATE 10/20/2010 *** I just thought I 'd add that my father-in-law still mentions this step pretty much every time I see him . It 's getting LOTS of use and is still holding up and working great !
 At first blush I thought I had a ringer but was I surprised and happy with my new HitchMate . The clincher was a buddy has one on his pick up and it works wonderfully and far better than I could have dreamed . On it went and with ease I add joyfully . In the background was a little urchin suggesting that I would mess up the installation , as usual ; however , the Tool Guy was looking over my good shoulder and it went on without a -LRB- this is awful -RRB- hitch . Please forgive me for that . How does it work , you asked ? Well , just downright perfectly . There was little funny about watching a big old chunk trying to load a bunch of bags of mulch or stuff in the back while trying to reach farther than the body could handle and getting up was not an option thanks to defective knees . The HitchMate provided the perfect tool for the tasks and boy did I hear it from the knees . Those knobby devils were clapping and slapping their cartiledges as if they could do some happy talk . When done it was a simple slid to store the step in its receiver and on we go to the next task . I do not use it a lot ; however , I use it far more than I would have expected and therefore making it a fantastic addition to the tool bag .
 I love this step ! Was a bit concerned after reading a few reviews that stated the step was plastic . However , I was pleased to find that the step was only `` covered '' with a plastic tread cover over a metal bent plate that appears to be quite sturdy . I 've had several comments from others that have seen it - all positive and envious .
 Perfect helper for a 65 years old folk , works beautifuly , very smart , exactly as they say in the add.All you need to ad is a dot of White Lithium grease -LRB- spray -RRB- and it will be even smoother.Flimsy ? , I do n't think so , I 'm 240 Lbs . and It has n't complaint yet .
 I really like the HitchMate . It was easy to install and so far has been very durable and easy to use .
 From the moment I opened the box , I have been impressed with this product . After the quick and easy installation on my 1998 Dodge 3500 it has been a terrific product . It is extremely easy to deploy , with a quick flip you are ready to step right up on the tailgate . In our electrical contracting business , we move a lot of spools of wire and this step has allowed us to safely load and unload at the shop and job site . IT quickly extends and collapses back into the receiver , thus always being available , but not extending beyond the bumper when not in use .
 my husband loves this . . he is a mechanic and a farmer and this has been a godsend plus easy to use . Like he says when he uses the 5th wheel trailer he can easily get into the back now .
 This is a great leg and back saver . I was going to build one but why and re-invent the wheel . It 's sturdy and I love it .
 I was concerned whether this would clear the in-bed trunk on the Ridgeline , and had already looking into the option for a hitch receiver `` drop '' adapter . Being 5 ' 2 '' , the bumper and bed of the RL is high - making reaching in to pull cargo for my business difficult . The only thing to do was climb in . Happy to report that the TruckStep clears the bottom of the trunk -LRB- barely -RRB- but that 's all that 's needed . This only is an issue when you fully extend the step then push it back underneath.It was a short learning curve to figure out how the mechanics of the fold-down platform work . But once I had that down , will make a huge difference in loading/unloading gear . It has a slight wobble , but is otherwise very solid and very made.The platform only sticks out about 2 '' beyond the bumper when in the vertical stow position.I 'd recommend this product wholeheartedly .
 Easy to install , great to use and provided earier access to my truck bed . Highly recomended product . Glad I bought the product .
 The HitchMate is quite simply a great truck accessory . It installs in a minute and makes it easy to climb into the bed with the gate up or down . I have had multiple knee operations and this thing is a real knee saver.I have a GMC 3500HD which has a 2 1/2 '' receiver and an insert sleeve for 2 '' . The HitchMate comes with 2 different mounting hole locations for the hitch pin , to accomodate a wide range of receivers . While one of them worked fine , it pushed the HitchMate out just far enough to be detected by my backup sensors . Luckilly I had a large enough drill on-hand to drill a third hole in just the right place . The HitchMate is snug up against the receiver now and does n't trigger the backup alarm.If you have bad knees or spend a lot of time climbing in and out of your truck bed , you need one of these .
 Bought this for my dad , as he 's getting older and has a '95 F-250 with a high bed that is hard to climb into . His spare tire is in front of his hitch , so I knew anything that slid straight forward from the hitch would n't work , and his truck is too old for the bolt-on side steps they have now . I saw that this model 's long bar hangs below the hitch , so I hoped it would clear his spare . Unfortunately , it still hit it by an inch or so . We made some modifications to the truck hitch , and now it works.I love that it works when the tailgate is down . Good design . I like that it folds up flat against the truck for permanent storage in the hitch . You can just take it out when you need to tow something . It can also accept a padlock in the pin , so you do n't have to worry about someone easily stealing it . Good feature .
 very good heavy duty step and can be used also when the tailgate is open . The onlydrawback is the aggravation in trying to get the step to go from the verticalto the horizontal position . There is got to be an easier way to design for this feature . I would still buy this step again even with this bad feature .
 I drive and work out of a GMC 3500 Dulie and the tailgate , when down , stands about 4 and a 1/2 feet from the ground . Getting into the bed of my truck used to require me to practically do the high jump!This unit extends a good 8 inches back from the tailgate when down and makes climbing into the bed a snap.Yes the step is plastic but it is almost a 1/2 inch thick and is n't going ever break.The only thing I wish they had done differently was to put a cool logo for my - your make of truck on the bottom of the step so when folded up for driving , so it does n't look like the bottom of a plastic step!I urge you to slide the step back into the hitch pocket as you might damage it and another vehicle while backing up . It extends much further than your used to when judging how far to back up to something .
 Great product.not only should it be a factory option on all trucks.Makes getting in and out of your truck much easier with the tailgate up or down.Sitting on the tailgate down , it makes a great foot rest.Pull it out halfway and it makes a great seat to have lunch with the guys.Again , worth every penny .
 Bought this and added a board to it so it could be used as a step for a great dane to get in and out of a SUV . With a larger surface area the step wobbles too much to be useful as a pet step . I removed the board I had made for it and I now use it as a step for a pickup truck and it works very well for its original intended purpose . The construction is very high quality . I would buy more products from this company .
 This has got to be the best idea ever . Easily step in to your bed with the tailgate down .
 I purchased this truck step as a Christmas gift for my father-in-law 's 2010 Ford F150 . The gift was well received but I can not comment on how well it works as he has not told me if it works well or not .
 This peg fits perfectly my Honda Shadow Aero 2012 . They are of excellent quality and beautiful look . I took less then 10 minutes to fit . Note : you might sacrifice the original rubber insert on the peg as it is a must to remove it to install the new peg cover and it is very difficult to remove .
 This heater control unit fit perfect . Quality appears good and it operates like it was supposed to . I had the unit on time and it was packaged well . Good price for this product .
 i own this item and the Bench seat cover as well . The cover installs in less than 1 min . and comes out even faster . Cleaning is a breeze , haul it out , hose it down and it dries in a few hours . Or , you can simply throw it in the wash , then air dry it . This product is Made in USA , which is important to me as well , and now hard to find in a pet seat cover .
 We purchased these rain coats for our ATV 's when we ride them in the snow or mud . The fit appears to be in-line with the sizing chart , and they breathe well . This helps in warmer temperatures and allows you to layer underneath in colder temps . Add some thermal underwear , perhaps a fleece pullover , and a balaclava beneath your helmet , and you are perfectly outfitted for the snow and cold .
 Bought this for my husband when on his bike and gets caught in the rain . Works well in keeping you dry . Great value . .
 I used it to go over my clothes when it rains . I definitely keeps me dry . It will also keep you hot as it holds heat in . I got large size but it 's more like XXL which is okay since I use it only to go over my gear when it rains . I fold it and keep in my sidebag all the time just in case and the pants and jacket together take up very little space when folded . These items offer no protection whatsoever btw . The jacket does have a stretch band around the waist area which keeps it snug and help it stay down so water does not enter . Overall great for the price .
 I bought the rain gear and wow not only does it keep you dry , but it was a rainney day and a little chilly and the gear kept me dry an warm . I really liked it and glad I shopped at Amazon because I could n't fine anything I likeed . When I did it was out of stock.Amazon.com shipped it the next business day and I received it within 7 days .
 Nice and cheap coat for the rain !!! 100 % recomendable if you dont want to expend too much money
 Works just as described and the reviews on this item helped us decide to buy it . It does a great job keeping my husband dry and it is fast and easy to put on .
 I purchased this rain suit just to have something on hand . I was pleasantly surprised to find that the suit is really well made . I have n't had to use it in the rain but the quality is more than expected for the price . I would recommend this to anyone . Sizes are a bit large . I normally wear a medium -LRB- lady -RRB- but it will do .
 This is a great rain suit for trips . We rode to Deals Gap Tenn and took about 10 Hours . I have a sport bike and was afraid that the position of sitting that thigs would not fit . This was not the case , as we hit rain for the first three hours and it held up great . I was dry from my head to feet . Love how the pants have a heel strap that keeps them from ridding up . The sizing is a little hard to judge . I ordered an XL . I am 6 ' 2 and 260lbs . The pants fit great and the jacket fit well . The only thing I did n't like was the sleves where a bit short -LRB- about and inch -RRB- but my gloves made that up . The pants are cut long so they work well . The top is great and goes past your waist . I would recomend this to everyone . it also dos n't take up as much room in a tail bag as my other rain gear did .
 I ordered one of these for myself and one for my wife . We have not yet tested them in rain but I can tell they will work.The sizing chart is counter-intuitive . I am 6 ' tall , 155 lbs and a 34 inseam . I ordered the small , which fits well . The elastic band around the upper abdomen is a bit snug over my armored motorcycle jacket , but this is not an issue and I 'm sure the elastic will relax with use . A size larger would be too big . My wife -- medium height and slim -- got the XS which leaves her plenty of room.We ride in western Colorado where we get 9 inches of precipitation a year , so I see this rain suit as an inexpensive insurance policy to keep in the trunk . If you ride in an area that gets frequent rain , more money may buy you better insurance , but this suit offers good quality construction and is a very good value .
 Okay , I admit I was really a bit skeptical , a full set of rain gear for under $ 40 ?? It works well to my surprise ! Does n't breathe much but keeps me super dry . Pants fit large and jacket fits a but small for an average build so take caution in sizing . I will update if anything changes .
 I pressure wash and I use this rain suit every day . It keeps the water out and is light enough I dont burn up while im doing it . a +
 The brake rotors -LRB- I replaced both -RRB- fit perfectly on my 2WD , 2002 Ford Expedition . They are quiet and function properly . I recommend this part . I am very satisfied with my purchase .
 These are the perfect length for fastening bikes to rack . Easy to use velcro . Arrived quickly . Good price for 10 straps .
 Guys when was the last time you needed to secure something and grabbed the old electrical tape ? Then later having to remove the tape and get all that sticky , ugly old black electrical tape left on your items that you needed to secure . Well , these are the answer . I keep several in my RV and on my boat . Keep some around my workshop and in my home . Always available when I need a quick solution to securing items . Great price . Believe me you will not go wrong with these Velcro straps .
 Thin velco . However , it serves it purpose . I got it to secure bikes tires from swinging . It was n't long enough for my bike , so ended up using two of them .
 While `` perfect '' is n't subject to a matter of degrees ; the only thing that could make these straps better would be if the stupid logo was n't on them -LRB- sorry guys - but it 's ugly -RRB- . But I still give these five stars because they 're great , strong , AND very affordable .
 Very happy with these cinch straps . They work well , are strong , and a great value for ther price . Would highly recommend them to anyone .
 These were wonderful . We drove from Cincinnati to HHI using these . 4 bikes and 1 was a tandem . They held the wheels and bikes secure .
 I got these so my bike tires would n't move around on the hitch as I transported them on the back of my car . The length is perfect , even for mountain bikes . I 've used them intensely for a couple of months , with no signs of wear or loss of grabbing power . I 'm going to get another set just for fun . I love velcro !
 If you have a jeep you know that there is always a need to strap something to a roll bar.Having these in your jeep at all times ensures that you are ready - and they look and work far better than bungie cords.Indispensable .
 The cheapest single-female to two-male RCA splitter on Amazon Prime . Good-enough quality ; works just fine .
 Bought this mat and the tailgate protector 2 years ago . Outside constantly and abused heavily in my farm truck . Have held up very well . Just pull them out and wash occassionally . If I armoralled they would look like new , but it is a farm truck .
 I ordered the on board compressor and a set of Air Lift bags for my Chevy 2500hd to see if it would help when braking while pulling my 36ft fifth wheel , when aired up properly the bounce is gone when I apply my camper brakes and they even help level out some rough roads -LRB- not all though -RRB- . If you install them yourself and you are wallowing around on the garage you will spend 4 + hours on the air bags and at least that much time on mounting the compressor and electrical , without some good help . But still saved $ 300.00 doing it myself .
 I have a 2002 work van that carries some weight . I decided to go with air shocks to help level the ride , but I did not want to deal with having to fill the shocks anytime I needed to load the van . I decided to look around for an air lift system that would use an on-board compressor to add the needed air.I found the part while on Rock Auto . Their price was over $ 185.00 . So I decided I should be able to find it for less money and I was right . Here on Amazon the price was $ 135 and shipping was free.The kit arrived with all the tubing , fittings , and the control and compressor . The manufacturer claims that it will fit ANY air shock system , which also prompted me to buy it.Before installing the system with the air shocks I purchased from Delco , I decided to see if everything fit . It appeared that the fittings and hose that came with the kit was larger than the lines that came with the air shocks . I decided to call the company to see if an adapter was available to make it work . It turns out they had nothing to make it work with the shocks I had . I felt a little disappointed since the package and the manufacturer stated it fits with ANY system.In order to make this work , I decided to head to Lowe 's and visit the plumbing supply department . There I found a compression fitting that had the right threads for the shock and the the correct fitting for the air line . All for $ 1.97 for each fitting.Installed everything and it works great . No leaks and the compressor is not too loud .
 I should have purchased this last year when I installed the air bags . I installed this unit in under two hours in my driveway.If you have airbags , this is a must .
 This product was shipped to me exactly as described on Amazon.com . I chose to buy from them because they had the best price on a product that I could get from over a dozen different online resources.AIR LIFT 25592 Load Controller II On Board Air Compressor System
 had the air bags installed on my truck last year . and got tired of airing up and down . this product takes care of the problem also can use it when hooking up . best price around
 I am using this kit to pressurize two airbags in my rear coil springs . I pull a 7500 lb . trailer with my Durango and the springs are a little weak after 8 years . So rather than replace the springs , I thought that I would give myself some adjustability while getting back my original spring support.All the fitting are the quick connect type and do not leak . The compressor works well and is not too noisy . The control console has an outdated look to it but does the job . The supplied gauge is inaccurate by more than 5 psi . I used several tire gauges connected to the optional manual fill port -LRB- Shrader valve -RRB- to get an accurate reading then marked the gauge face with the correct numbers . I would have replaced the gauge but not many will fit in the arrangement behind the panel.It was worth the investment and time . I used to get flashed by oncoming traffic for bright headlights whenever the trailer was connected . Now I just push the button to correct the rear height and all is well . During the day I adjust the pressure for the best ride .
 I got this to fix my van it took no time at all to set it up and have it working . I am using it to fill my air shocks . It has ben no problem at all works great
 This product enabled me to tow a travel trailer with my GMC Sierra 1500 Classic that was previously bottoming out due to too much tongue weight . Now it rides level and smooth . I heavily recommend the on-board air compressor system which I also purchased so there 's no messing around . Just get in the truck after hooking it up and inflate the system from mid range to almost full capacity which is 100lbs pressure -LRB- I use 95lbs . -RRB- and start hauling . When you offload , just hit the handy little pressure release valve on the pressure guage and all the air releases and you 're back to normal suspension . For me , it was either buy this system , or buy a new truck . I spent about $ 320 on the system and another $ 150 to have it installed . Money spent wisely ...
 I received the Load Control and it was exactly as it was described . After opening the boxes and doing an inventory , -LRB- all items were there along with a few extras in case I buggered up in the Install -RRB- . It took a couple of hours to install due to finding places to mount the compressor and dash guage . The air lines and wiring were partially preassembled and that was a breeze to install . Once the 5/8 hole was drilled in the fire wall to accomidate the pass through air and electric line . The kit has plenty of air line so it was neccassary to cut to fit my application . For an overall I was greatly pleased with how easy it was to install and hookup . the paper instructions were very good and of coarse the pictures were fantastic for following the wiring diagrams .
 I installed these myself in four hours on a Ford E350 - it 's a whole new truck ! They work .
 I installed air springs with the compressor on a 2012 Ram 1500 . They are simple to install for somebody with basic mechanical ability and are a great alternative from an equalizer hitch . I like that I can pick up loads of stone or soil and just pump them up with the compressor to get a level ride .
 I called Air-Lift for help finding a good location for the compressor and they gave me a recommendation that worked perfectly . After installed , I had one defective part that the customer service rep sent out to me right away and without any difficulties.Just like most vehicle instals , proper planning and time allocation will make a good instal go well . This took me about an hour a day over a 4 day period to work all the bugs out . The vehicle was n't down for that period because I did not tie the compressor into the air bag system until the end of the instal . So I could use the truck for work while installing I kept the bags inflated with the manual air valve setup.I like using the air leveling systems . My vehicle tire life , wheel alignment and steering get optimal performance when the vehicle is at stock height the manufacturer designed the vehicle for . So as I load the truck up , I can recover the lost vehicle height . The compressor is well worth it because I adjust them all the time .
 Very nice unit . Instructions were clear but could not make the adapter provided , to connect to an existing fuse . Not a good idea anyway to tag on a compressor unit that draws 15 amps on to say the light circuit . I ran a fused wire from the battery . Had I tagged on to the light circuit , the fuse would have blown the instant the compressor came on if the lights were on at the same time .
 Upgraded to a heavier fifth wheel and added air bags to level the truck out a little . The onboard compressor makes it really nice to be able to add or remove air from the cab and even while driving.Easy install . Hardest part is routing the wiring and the air hoses .
 As an afterthought , I bought this air pump to go with my air springs . I wish I had bought them together and saved some money doing so , but my cheapness got me ...
 Seller met expectations . Bought with rebate , checked carefully that products met requirements , manufacturer created `` reason '' to deny claim , suspect , with reason , that any warranty claims will have same `` magic '' used to deny any warranty adjustments . Found instructions lacking for install . needs about same skill set as for 5th wheel hitch install . buy with eyes wide open
 This windscreen looks awesome and fits better than the original . I have an 07 zzr600 and I would highly recommend it , it also makes easier to get your body out of the wind while at higher speeds .
 I absolutely love my Double Bubble . I moves all the wind right up and over my head . At 5 ' 9 '' I barely have to crouch down to really stay out of the wind at higher speeds .
 This windscreen is much better than the original one on my 2007 ZZR600 . The double bubble design allows me to see my gauges better and also redirects the wind over my helmet better . I am very happy with this product and would recommend it ! It only comes with the windscreen , there are no screws or mounting hardware included . I was able to reuse my OEM mounting hardware but this may not be possible with all bikes . I recommend checking to see what type of hardware your bike currently has so you can purchase new mounting screws if needed . I received it 4 days early and was also very pleased with that . Great quality , easy install , and looks great ! + Direct Fit + Higher `` double bubble '' directs wind higher and also allows me to see gauges easier than the OEM windscreen + The `` Zero Gravity '' logo seen in the picture is just a sticker and easily peels off with no residue left behind_Bottom Line _ Yes , I would recommend this to a friend . My favorite features are that the small decal is easily removeable and that the double bubble allows me to see my gauges without having to crouch at lower speeds ... like in town where I sit more upright than in the twisties . Great product for a great price .
 Installed on 2003 Hayabusa . Best part is you can now see the speedometer and Tach . I 'm 6 ' 1 '' and have had trouble seeing these with the standard zero gravity screen . This is tall enough to see everything but it 's not too tall . reused old rubber fasteners after I heated them with heat gun to restore normal shape so I could get them back in .
 Loved this screen overall . It makes the bike look so much better compared to the stock screen that was transparent.Only complaint is the stickers that come on the screen ... it 's a pain to take them off : |
 Just installed this product on my 2002 Honda RC51 . It looks great and fit good . Shipper responded to my inquiries promptly and the price was well below other sellers.Thanks !
 installed on 2003 bandit . really imporave how far I can ride the bike without my head getting beaten up by the wind . Look for more tips and instructions online though .
 The windshield arrived in a very timely manner . I have not installed it yet , but everything lines up perfectly , and it will look great on the bike when I finish remodeling it !
 Fram makes a great air filter replacement at a very fair price . Solid performance and easy installation . Highly recommend this product .
 Hard to review an air filter , but it was a direct replacment for my Jeep Grand Cherokee OEM filter -LRB- even looked the same -RRB- . Installs easily.This is the same price found in Walmart , so if you 're ordering from Amazon.com , you might as well add it to the cart and save yourself a trip to the store.Change your filter every 12th miles or less !
 I just had my oil changed and it seems that today those quick oil change places are determined to sell every customer some `` extras '' . I was told that I needed a new air filter as my was very dirty . I took a look and the filer which had about 10000 miles on it was a little dirty and really did not need replacement for serval more miles . I ask the employee how much a new filter would be and he said $ 16.00 . I noticed it was not a name brand filter but rather a house brand . I politely advised him `` no '' . I then purchased this FRAM which is a quality product for just over $ 10 and installed it my self in less than a minute . On the 2008 Commander there are tow small clips toward the front of the air filter holder . Just snap them loose and raise the cover . I would suggest you take you garage vacuum and vacuum any debris out of the chamber . Only takes couple , of minutes and will give you cleaner air . Insert the new air filter and fasten the two clips . You have just saved at least 40 % of the price at the garage . If your air filter is really dirty and perhaps has some dirty oil stains on the paper , why not change the filter first before going to the oil change station and that way you wo n't have to get into any discussion with the clerk about needing an air filter .
 This is a standard replacement for your air filter in your vehicle . In my case , it was for my Jeep Liberty .
 I am a contractor who often hauls very large loads . My dump trailer weighs three thousand pounds empty and will hold over ten thousand pounds of shingles . After I installed these springs I hauled a load of 4200 pounds of shingles which were almost entirely in front of the trailers axles . Needless to say my suspension was entirely bottomed out . I put 65 pounds in the air springs and the truck leveled out and rode smooth as silk , it almost felt like there was n't a 7500 # trailer behind me . I am actually excited about hauling a big load with that trailer now just to watch my worker 's faces when the springs level the load with ease.The only thing that comes anywhere close to a complaint is the fact that you have to drain them as soon as you take the weight off or they will bounce like crazy . Luckily for me I always have an air compressor in the truck , but if you have the extra money you might want to invest in the on-board compressor . Also , I installed the air stems behind my gas cap door and it worked great , no one can see them and they wo n't get dirty or muddy in there .
 This product is solid . It took me ~ 5 hours to install in a professional mechanics bay . The directions are not clear , but , the assembly is pretty intuitive . The hardest part is drilling through the frame for the upper bracket . Trick is to pre-drill with smaller size and when drilling the 3/8 holes , go slow and use cutting oil -LRB- transmission fluid works well . Also , keep all the bolts loose until the upper bracket is hard mounted , you may need to move the assembly around.Good product overall and solidly built .
 I ca n't believe how well these air bags worked for me , they say will hold up to 5000 LB 's , well I got to say , I dropped over 3450 lb tongue weight on my fifth wheel hitch which was a DRV 38 RL3 Elite Suite and only had 80 pounds of air in the bags and it sat completely level with truck and RV , pulled 70 miles a hour till I hit side winds of up to 30 MPH and dropped to 60 mph but did n't have swaying I could tell , I slowed down just to be safe pulling something 38 feet long , they work like they say , best investment I made to my Dodge 2500 long bed Cummins Diesel . I say if you tow something heavy you need these . Yes 5 stars for this !!!
 The bags are a good addition to anyone who has a bit of weight to deal with . Over all you will have a level truck that does not bottom out on the bumpers . I would recommend changing the mounting bolt for the frame to grade 8 or frame mounting type . I have had the same type on my other truck for about five years with about 2000lbs in the bed -LRB- truck camper -RRB- with no problems to speak of . A compressor on board is not necessary , but would be nice as the tend to leak a little .
 I received the AIR LIFT kit and bench assembled to make sue all parts were there . Then out to the truck . From the time I raised it up to completion time was 3 hours with a 9/16 box end wrench ,5 / 8 socket-wrachet and 1/2 inch drill motor along with 2 bits ' one for a pilot hole and a 3/8 final hole size . The air lines snap together and the kit had plenty of ties and t 's for running air lines any way you want along the frame . I installed the air lift compressor kit the day before so it was hooked up and turned on and the low pressure sensor was set @ 5psi and it all worked well . The only modification I made was to install an on/off toggle switch inline to the compressor so when I dump the air bags to unhook from the trailer I am towing the rear of my truck does not jump up with all the extra air in it.With out the toggle switch when you turn on the key it starts the compressor.After researching all the air bag kits that are available I find the AIR LIFT kit to be at the top of the list for the do-it yourself guy.I recomend this kit to anyone that needs the extra stability to their truck for towing or loading up the cargo .
 This product is easy to install with one person , took me 2 hours to install . Works great on my F350 with a slide in camper . Kept me level even with my boat attached . Highly recommend and you get a sticker ...
 Bought these air bags in April of 2009 for $ 215 and installed them on my 1994 F-350 4X4 pickup . I previously installed a 4 '' suspension lift without replacing the rear leaf springs -LRB- just used the add-a-leaf -RRB- which left me with a sagging rear end . I bought these air bags hoping to lift the rear of the truck therefore leveling it out . They installed fairly easily to the top overload spring , the only tricky part was drilling the frame correctly and after filling them with approx . 50lbs . of air , they lifted the rear end a good three inches which solved my problem and leveled my truck . Great product !
 I put these on my Dodge 2500 Diesel because I have a truck camper that weighs 2600 lb . wet . I took out the factory overload springs and installed the Airlift airbags . They work as described . They handle the load very well and make driving my truck with my camper a lot easier . They really helped with the sway I was getting without the Airlift bags . I would recommend to anyone looking for a way to stabilize a load on their truck . Installation was easy , but I used to be a auto technician . Hardest part was getting everything lined up and measured before I drilled the holes . Directions were pretty good . Kit included everything the directions said it should have.I had to modify my installation due to other after market accessories -LRB- gooseneck hitch and a flatbed -RRB- that were installed . I looked at other brands of airbags and for the money the Airlifts were the best quality and value .
 My husband and I recently bought a 5th wheel . The ride was anything but peaceful . Then we bought the load lifter and our last trip was sooooo much nicer . We both agree this was a great investment .
 Very impressed with the way this unit has improved the stability of my 3/4 ton ; especially while pulling my travel trailer . Very good purchase .
 I installed them , not a problem other than getting under a truck always sucks and is dirty . wish I had a lift . the product was all good . One day one of the lines blew out and I had to troubleshoot that but it was my location that did it . too close to the muffler and the heat got to it . I fixed it . otherwise they work great and now I can tell that i need shock absorbers because these are working my old -LRB- dont even know if they were ever good -RRB- shock absorbers .
 I purchased a set of air springs to install on my F250 Super Duty Crew Cab Shortbed to assist when I haul a 9 ' slide in truck camper . My wife and I were impressed the way the truck handled when hauling the 2300 pound camper and towing a 16 ' boat that weighs about 1800 pounds behind the truck . With 60 pounds of air pressure the truck was above level and did not sqaut . These are a must have item if hauling a hard top slide in truck camper .
 Even though I ordered with prime , I received this next day . The install was pretty straight forward on my 2001 dodge 2500 . I think it took about 90 min . The air bags work great .
 This Air Spring Kit does what I had hoped for . First trip of about 700 miles and noticed a real differance . Had to lower air pressure when empty though . Installation with the help of 13 yearold grandson was not hard . Did require the drilling of 8 holes in the frame , but with a new bit was doable .
 Great buy & great product looks good on truck . I would buy this kit again , love it . Easy to read & quick to do .
 How I went for so many years towing without air bags on my pickup is beyond me . Wow , so nice to hook to my 31 foot fifth wheel and not have to worry about my headlights shining in the trees!I drive a commercial vehicle and it is of course , equipped with air bags ... these are just like them ... but smaller.Install was a breeze and the quality is very nice . I did purchase and install the Smart Air kit with this which makes leveling automatic . I do recommend some sort of auto level with this as opposed to using just the manual filling method !
 The only real challenge is drilling the holes in the frame , make sure you have good quality drill bits and start with a smaller pilot hole then drill the 3/8 '' bolt holes . Just make sure you read the instructions before you start and leave everything loose until mounting is complete . It took me about 4 hours total and I noticed a difference immediately .
 Seller met expectations . Bought with rebate , checked carefully that products met requirements , manufacturer created `` reason '' to deny claim , suspect , with reason , that any warranty claims will have same `` magic '' used to deny any warranty adjustments . Found instructions lacking for install . needs about same skill set as for 5th wheel hitch install . buy with eyes wide open
 IT TOOK ME A LITTLE LONGER THAN THE SUGGESTED INSTALLATION TIME TO INSTALL THIS SYSTEM . IT WAS NOT REALLY DIFFICULT TO INSTALL IF YOU HAVE SOME MECHANICAL APTITUDE . THE WORST PART WAS DRILLING THROUGH THE TRUCK FRAME . IF YOU HAVE GOOD DRILL BITS , THIS IS A FAIRLY EASY TASK . ROUTING THE AIR LINES IS VERY IMPORTANT , YOU MUST KEEP THEM FROM ALL ABRASIVE CONTACTS THAT WILL WEAR A HOLE IN THEM . THE SPRINGS THEMSELVES WORK VERY WELL . I ONLY HAVE 20 PSI OF AIR IN THEM AND THAT PRESSURE STIFFENS UP MY SUSPENTION AND MAKES THE TRUCK MORE STABLE EVEN WITHOUT A LOAD . I HAVE N'T HOOKED UP TO MY 10,000 LB CAMPER YET , , BUT I AM CONFIDENT THE SYSTEM WILL MAKE A TREMENDOUS DIFFERENCE IN THE STABILITY OF PULLING THE CAMPER . THE SYSTEM IS ON A 95 DODGE 3/4 TON 2 WHEEL DRIVE TRUCK .
 If you have any problems , even leaks years later , please contact the company . They were great about replacing ours recently !
 This review is for the installation & initial light use of the product.I purchased these air lifts on a gamble they would fit my 1970 . They fit perfectly ! The only thing I had to pay extra attention to was the mounting on the rear , as it required shimming on the fwd end and not the back to ensure the spring had proper and equal spacing all the around . The first initial use empty was a GREAT pleasure as they removed 75 % of the `` std leaf spring 4 x 4 bounce the truck has . The truck rode good , with new gas shocks , but these air lifts at the min 5 psi really made the ride smooth ! Then grabbed some topsoil about 500 lbs worth -LRB- put it all the way back by tail gate on an 8 ` bed-max leverage -RRB- and again , only 5 psi and the truck stayed nice & level and rode smooth.Based on this initial light use I am very happy and confident they will perform as desired & engineered .
 All I can say is , I should have done it sooner . Easy to follow directions .
 Excellent product , easy to install and does what it says it will do . . Earl Carter , Pinehurst , NC
 There is not much to say , except that I am glad that Amazon sells this Cabin Air Filter online . I drive a 2005 Hyundai Accent . I have being wanted to change my car 's cabin air filter for a while , but I could not find the filter in local car shops . After looking around , I found this filter in Amazon . I had some doubts before buying this filter , I was concerning whether the air filters was going to fit with my car . Fortunately this filter meets the spec and works as expected . I would buy this again in the near future .
 It works very well , I have install with the yellow EBC brake pads , and withred EBC brake pads , with both woks very well , you can brake several times without heating , you can drive in road with reliability
 They 're not cheap but worth the money . I paired them with the EBC green stuff pads and now my jeep cherokee stops on a dime . Prior to these rotors i had some cheapos and after one year they were rotting away -LRB- made in china -RRB- . I wanted something I could really count on because this jeep is my daily driver and my wife sometimes takes it to work . I use my jeep both on and off road and it is weighted down by steel plate bumpers.Since the install I have put on about a 1000 miles and I am very pleased .
 Fit our 2004 Nissan Pathfinder Armada SE just fine . Pretty easy to replace do n't pay the dealer to do it .
 This is a hard item to find item , you will not be able to find it at your local stores ... I have tried :-RRB- The item is as described , meant for light duty accessories not to be used with towing . The photo is a good photo of what is received which is very helpful for those of you who are thinking of purchasing it , rest assured you will receive the exact item pictured in this listing.I do see some comments in regards to quality , I would remind them that this is a light duty extension for accessories only ... so it is not heavy gauge metal but serves the purpose.Happy Shopping !
 This item does what it says and does it just fine . The quality is n't perfection , but it 's not meant to hold hundreds of pounds , but just a few bikes . It 's easy to install and was done without issue . What more can you ask for ?
 Installed this hitch extension on my 2 '' receiver , and put a 2 '' bike rack on this . Since this extender has anti-wobble device , and the bike rack also has anti-wobble , there is almost no wobble at all on the bike rack . This is the most important since the worry is always there that adding an extension will increase wobble , but in this case there is no problem.The anti-wobble consists of a plastic insert with a metal nut , which I was able to tap into the second slot so that the extension does not stick out of the vehicle as much . In this respect it is quite flexible.Definitely recommend this hitch extension to mount bike racks .
 Heininger 's hitch extension is intended to provide you with a bit of extra room so that you can use a bike rack on vehicles where a spare tire -LRB- or some other obstacle -RRB- is mounted to the back and is not intended for towing purposes . It is more than strong enough to handle your rack and a full load of bikes and since it is relatively vibration and `` wobble '' free , it should perform extremely well during extended or long distance trips or even over more challenging terrain . It would be a great attachment for many trucks as well as RV campers , etc. . Installation is simple and straight forward and fits a 2 inch receiver .
 This hitch extension worked great for getting past my spare tire on the back of my vehicle so that I can use my bike rack . Easy to install and very good quality . It even comes with a bolt for securing the extension to your vehicle . Highly reccommended !
 I needed extra length for my 2 '' hitch mount bike rack to clear the spare tire on my 2007 Jeep Liberty . Good quality & rugged construction .
 The label on the box clearly says `` Not for towing '' . This is used mainly for bike rack.Easy to install and quality is OK . It comes with a bolt and washer for securing the extension to your vehicle . The bolt and washer work together to prevent hitch extension from wobbling . So , it 's like getting both the hitch extension and a wobbling stopper in one good price.In summary , it serves the intended purpose well with the addition of wobbling stopper . Good deal .
 Heininger 's 6000 Advantage Adjustable Hitch Extension works as described . It was used with a rack on the rear of an RV to accompany three bikes -LRB- for adult and children -RRB- . Installation was relatively simple , and the product proved sturdy for the weight of the bicycles.Since the hitch extension was used on the back of a recreational vehicle , it was difficult to determine if wobbliness occurred . However , we only noticed slight vibration from the rear window when driving over uneven terrain .
 Just what we needed . I wish it fit a little tighter . The issue is the bolt with the threads ca n't be adjusted . It 's in the hole on the end . and I that makes it too long . Using just the Trimax Receiver Lock without threads lets this extension wobble back and forth an inch or two . The bikes were fine for an 1100 mile trip but we had to use some bungee cords to ensure the bikes did n't rub on each other from the wobbling . We still could n't prevent it 100 % so some of the paint got scratched , but that 's to be expected when your toting 4 bikes all over the country .
 We bought this product , because the description stated `` Heininger Advantage Hitch Extensions are designed to extend the receiver hitch up to 11 inches '' . We found that when the bike rack was attached the extender could only be fixed at the full extension length of 11 inches for the holes to match up . Not a huge problem , but if you are looking for flexibility you might find this item not as flexible as you hoped , given the description and the drawing showing measurements in the Amazon description . This is the only reason we gave 4 stars not 5 stars.Otherwise , it does a fine job of extending the hitch for our bike rack . We like the no wobble gizmo included , the extender fits very firmly into the vehicle hitch.We have a 2 inch hitch so have to use the adapter provided with our bike rack , there was no wobble directly to our own hitch , but with this extender there is a little side to side wobble between the bike rack and the extender.The welds are tidy and there was no missing paint or scratches on the one we received . It is packaged in its own box , then double boxed for shipping.As others have stated , this hitch should NOT be used for towing , but is an excellent choice for extending your hitch out to miss your spare tire . We have aSwagman XTC Cross-Country 2-Bike Hitch Mount Rack -LRB- 1.25 and 2-Inch Receiver -RRB- which in our opinion is an excellent rack to carry two bicycles on the back of a vehicle , both the bicycle wheels sit in wells on the platform and are also fixed with rubber straps . There is also a push button ratchet arm for the frame and the bicycles appear very stable . Be careful the ratchet arm does not pinch any cables on the frame when tightening it down .
 I do n't know what the item description said when the other reviewer saw it - but now it clearly says that this is for bike racks only . This is just what I needed and at a good price.I would prefer if the locking bolt went all the way through both sides of the hitch rather than just 1 , but it comes with a lock washer so I 'm sure it will hold just fine .
 I wish it came with a locking pin instead of the bolt , but other than that , this is a good solution for mounting my bike on the back of my Jeep with an oversized spare .
 Very well made . Sturdy and practical . Can be extended to two different lengths.The bolt it provides is of very high quality
 I bought aSwagman XC-4 Cross-Country 4-Bike Hitch Mount Rack -LRB- 2-Inch Receiver Hitch -RRB- , which is a very sturdy rack that had no wobble to it when directly inserted into my receiver . However , I have a rear mounted spare tire and this rack would not fold up because it would hit the spare tire . I bought this extension after trying another one that I picked up a local hardware store . This extension in comparison to the other one I tried revealed that there really was n't any comparison for what I was using it for.As I mentioned I bought a sturdy rack that did wobble or sway when attached . However , it did wobble and sway with the generic extension . It would wobble left and right and bounce up and down . It also was a 12 '' and really made the rack stick out . The Heininger 6000 Advantage Adjustable 11-Inch Hitch Extension on the other hand worked great . It does not wobble or bounce . It does not stick out as far as the other extension . My bike rack is sturdy again with this extension . This extension worked perfectly and I am very happy with my purchase.The bottom line is that I would recommend this extension to anyone who has the need to extend their bike rack for any reason .
 We purchased this hitch extension to allow a hitch-mounted folding cargo basket to clear an oversized spare tire on our Jeep Wrangler . It worked just like we hoped it would . With the added length , the cargo basket does wiggle a bit , but I suspect that would happen with any extension .
 Works great with 2 '' class three Curt hitch 2002 RAV4 and Allen Sports 532RR bike rack . About 4 '' of space between bike rack and spare tire cover , after installed . Now I can use the Allen rack on both of my cars .
 this is exactly what I needed , enough extension to get the bike rack out past the spare tire . Awesome that it 's adjustable and it comes with the anti-wobble device . I was worried that the rack would sway more than it should but it is rock solid .
 Extender provides enough clearance to accommodate the Rav4 spare tire and open the rear gate . The drawback to this item is that 1 . -RRB- absolutely `` zero '' instructions included . I was confused as to whether the plastic anti sway insert was to be removed or not . Also , it leaves you to your imagination as to how the main mounting bolt the to be secured . I finally figured that one out . So overall it worked as it should but please , include some sort of instructions ...
 The website does n't make it clear that this extension if for * bicycles only * ... it can only handle 150lbs ... I discovered this when I called the company with a question because the box contains the appropriate warning . Other than that , the build quality seems excellent , and the anti-wobble bolt is a great addition.On the plus side , when I called the company , they answered and where very knowledgable.I ended up buying the Curt Mfg 8 '' model instead which is made for heavier loads .
 Solves the extension problem . Solves the wobble problem . Just one problem left
 Hook my 3bike rack up to this , now that it sticks out so far , I can access my gear by opening the rear window .2009 ford Escape
 Bought this so that I would be able to open the rear door on my XC90 when my bike rack was full of bikes . It does what it is supposed to do . If you tighten up the bolt then there is n't much wobbling although of course the rack does sway more than it does without the extension because all that mass is twice as far from the hitch . But overall I am happy with this . A little expensive but it does what it is supposed to do . Bolt did n't loosen during a week-long road trip with 5 bikes on a Thule rack attached via this extension , and we even took the car on the beach in Nantucket and had no problems with the rack or extension at all .
 For those having the great 825i Gator and having to craw under the back to attach any attachment this is the cure all for that problem , really heavy duty and installs in minutes . Great product
 This hitch extender is perfect for anyone looking to tow their bikes . Worked perfectly with our bike rack and Jeep . Great bargain too .
 Spent $ to support a toilet seat ring away from the Jeep ! Ridiculous !!! Very nice product for -LRB- I supporting 250 pounds -RRB- . Have no doubt it would work on bikes . I could have build this this , but not at this price ! Very high quality/price if bought tru Amazon . It was a deal unless you still work work in the welding , steel fabricating , painting trades ! Buy it ! Amazon Priemer streaming . I use Netflix and may switch ????
 Have a jeep wrangler with an oversized tire . installed a Hidden Hitch on the jeep but needed an extender to get the bike rack past the spare . This did the trick perfectly . does n't stick the bike rack out too far but does n't cause the rack to hug the spare either . does not wobble or shake at all .
 I purchased this extension to use with a Hollywood bike rack to clear my oversized spare tire on my Jeep Wrangler . The extension comes with an anti-wobble screw that keeps everything nice and tight . Well made and the multiple holes allow for some adjustments in length .
 I needed to extend my yakima bike rack to clear the spae tire on my jeep wrangler . This did the job . I now need two locks to secure the rack , but it works well with out any rattle . You will need to buy the lock separately from Heininger .
 This extension works well . Extends the amount I needed to get past the spare tire of my Travel trailer . I find it a little sloppy when You travel . I used a wedge to help sturdy it . It moves a little to much up & down .
 I purchased the Heininger 6000 extension and 6001 threaded hitch lock at the same time . I have not test drove it yet , but it seems to accomplish what I wanted . My bike rack now fits on my Wrangler with room to spare clearing the 12.5 in wide spare on the back . I really like having more than one pin location.I was not sure if the lock thread would fit with the extension , but it does . Despite the very little clearance available around my hitch , I did get it to fit and lock . I had to insert it from the left as the hitch wire harness connection interfered with the lock when inserted from the right . I also discovered that the hitch lock on my 2in receiver Yakima rack fits the same threads as well . I may have purchased another one of these instead had I known . It would be nice to just have one key for everything.The only downside I encountered was that 6001 and 6000 were not in stock together , meaning I had to pay for shipping on both from two different Amazon affiliates .
 Great product and for the price can not be beat . Worked great on my ISUZU RODEO SPORT coupled with Allen 545RR hitch mounted rack . Finally I am able to open my rear gate approximately 70 % wide allowing ample access . Some other reviewers commented on 150lbs weight limit on this thing - I have not found any warnings or weight limits either on manufacturers website or on the packaging . It has a clear warning not to use it for towing.For the purpose of extending you bike rack outwards it works great
 These flares were the perfect fit for my f250 superduty . They came quickly and were easy to install . They look like they came on the truck by factory . You have the choice of painting them or not . They come with a flat finish . I chose to leave them as they were . They make the truck look a little more finished and tougher .
 Perfect fit , sanded the edges and installed . I will buy this product again and would recommend it to anyone . Excellent product .
 worked out better than i thought great fit and finish i did not even paint would buy again aaa + + +
 Put these one my 03 , and was going to paint , but I 'm just going to leave them as they are !
 Fender flares arrived sooner than expected . Came packaged very nicely . Everything went together well . They look nice . Very nice fit .
 I just installed Wix filter # 24897 in my 2005 Honda Pilot . The original Honda filter was overdue for changing . It was gross . Car is 6 years old and has 60k miles on it . I 'll change the filter more often in the future.The overall size of the WIX filter appeared identical to the Honda filter . The number of pleats I counted was 76 on the Honda , and 73 on the Wix -LRB- not a significant difference in my opinion . -RRB- Not sure if the Honda filter has mold and mildew inhibitors , but the Wix filter does . The Wix filter was roughly half the cost of a Honda filter.Watch the YouTube videos on replacing the cabin filter in a Honda Pilot to see if you want to attempt this yourself . Take your time and disconnect the negative battery terminal first since the passenger side airbag is nearby . Make sure you have your radio security code before disconnecting the battery !
 Bought this product from amazon and was happy with the price and the shipping . I have always liked WIX filters so I did n't hesitate to buy it . It was 20 dollars cheaper then the dealers price ! Great deal and great product .
 Properly gasketed and marked , fits as expected . Just wish it was less work to get to the filter on the Pilot .
 This cabin air filter fits many Honda vehicles . Much less expensive than buying from the Honda dealer . Wix filters are very good quality . I am a used vehicle dealer , and this is the best price I could get on a good quality cabin air filter .
 What can I say ? It filters , it fits , and the price is very reasonable . Why someone would by an original from Honda makes no sense to me .
 The filter was a perfect fit and works fine . Not a charcoal activated version , but for the price I am happy .
 I installed this on a 2005 Acura MDX . The filter seemed as good as original equipment and fit perfectly . This was a very difficult install on the Acura , but worth the effort .
 Exactly a plug and play item . The only problem is you have to saw off a long piece of hard plastic underneath the glove compartment in the 06 Pilot if this is the first time replacing the cabin filter . Once you released everything , this filter freely slides in and out . 2006 Honda Pilot 2 wheel drive .
 I installed this about 2 weeks ago and recently took a 3 hour road trip . The speed I was driving at was about 70mph and the air was flowing out of the vents as if the fan was on at about medium setting . I am not sure if this is correct or not because in other cars I have had in which I changed the filter the air did not flow out as fast . I am going to give it 4 stars because I do n't know if this a problem or if the filter just works that good . I would give it 6 stars if it IS designed to let this much air flow through .
 This cabin air filter , made in China , works as original filter . The plastic frame is sturdy with sponge strip wrap on three sides . However , removing the old filter is not an easy work as I think in Honda Odyssey .
 My odyssey has 142,000 miles on it . This will be the first time it 's changed . Took some time but was n't extremely difficult . It was sure worth it . Now with just the vent on we get air flow . That had stopped but we really did n't notice when . The old one was really nasty . Quality is good , will buy again but wo n't wait 142,000 miles .
 These were the closest to the OEM 's in appearance that I could find . The surface was ready to paint or be left black . The fit was near perfect . One thing to keep in mind , is even though they are the thinnest flares available , they still make your stock tires look small .
 I recently purchased the -LRB- Bushwacker 40904-01 OE Style Fender Flares - Set of 4 -RRB- They were well worth the money . They fit perfectly ! Went on with ease.VERY SATISFIED WITH THIS PRODUCT !
 Made of a heavy duty , thick , rubber-type material . Helps protect the floor of the bed from dents . More importantly , it keeps items from sliding around . A good addition even if you have a bed liner .
 Good product . . Great price . I orded this , but ended up sending back as my uncle thought the bearing was loose and it was the inner tie rod . Did n't actually use the specific bearing . Again , never had issues using Timken after market hub/bearing/abs sensor hubs .
 Bearing is the correct and quality item . Fitted perfectly my Dodge 1996 Grand Caravan.Packaging was superb and delivery time was fast.Price is okay and I will order another one for the right side soon .
 Still does n't fit as good as the original windscreen . It 's better than no-name aftermarket brands but I can still see small gaps between the fairing and the windscreen . Yes , I installed it correctly . I compared this product to the OEM screen and the profile where the screen meets the fairing is not identical . Also this screen is a lot thinner and flimsier than OEM .
 Gates make a durable coolant hose that is high quality and either meets or is the same as the hose that came off your vehicle . I have used them on all three of my cars and they fit perfect .
 Great product just not the right part . Do yourself a favor , check parts purchased on Amazon by part # against another reputable website that requires more detailed information like VIN # engine codes .
 The mat fit perfectly in my 2010 F-150 super crew cab . It rolled out flat and did not curl as I thought it would . It looks great and has good weight to it so it does n't move around .
 I bought this for my Ford F150 . It is a custom cut bed liner ; and it fits perfect . Great product . This is a medium weight mat . It protects the paint on my unlined truck bed and provides a non-slip surface . Its very durable and a good quality mat for the price . I recommend the truck bed mat to anyone looking for a liner .
 These covers are very well made of durable material compared to other similarly constructed covers I have used . Only time will tell the UV resistance but as thick as these covers are , a little deterioration on the outside should not immediately lead to tears as I have seen before.I am , however , a little displeased with the slightly deceptive description pertaining to the `` venting system to reduce the harmful buildup of trapped condensation '' . I suppose it does have a system , but not as I envisioned . I imagined high-point vents made like a hood scoop -LRB- though purely of my imagination , not from any picture -RRB- ; instead the material itself is porous enough to let air and vapor through . This is also a detractor since this more easily allows water in . If the cover is not drawn completely tight or otherwise has any sort of dip in it allowing water to build up , the water -LRB- and dissolved tree sap -RRB- will drip right through to the ATV . This is not a major issue with a plastic ATV body that is n't pristine anyway , but still a disappointment.I would recommend this product to a friend after fully explaining the perks and down sides to this product .
 This is a very nice cover . I would recommend this to everyone . When I first put it on , my husband did n't even see it . Fits perfect .
 Cover lhas held up for over a year now , even over the winter in snow . Only problem is wind , have had to put a bungee under the machine to hold the cover in place with two small clamps purchased at Home Depot for grabbing tarps .
 I have a Yamaha Grizzly 750 so I had to get the xxl size . The cover has a tag that is pretty large so you know which side is the front making it very simple to align it quickly . The tag for my motorcycle is sometimes tricky to find so I think this will be a good feature for anyone . It fit on easily , well as easily as one can expect on such an oddly shaped vehicle . The elastic band at the bottom seems to hold it in place quite firmly and in a wind storm the other day I do not see where the cover has moved a bit . The material is thick enough were I am not concerned about ripping it if I should snag it on something when I am putting it on or taking it off.It is not as thick as the cover on my motorcycle but at half the price for a cover that is twice as large it would be too much to expect it to be as substantial as my other cover . It is not waterproof so I will need to look under the cover after a rain storm to see if my Grizzly stays dry .
 this product came to my house fast and i mean A triple plus . this product came the way they said and i installed one on my car so far . guess what i am a happy customer and i will always support walker from now on because the product not only was just like my oem product on the car that sucked but it has better flow and also gives the car a great sound but not something that you want to baffle . thanks walker you guys are doing something good and amazon makes that better .
 The product fit nicely with relatively little labor . Took about 30 minutes to install and for the price I am very satisfied .
 I chose this rating for the 24903 cabin air filter because it was easy to install in my Jeep and it has performed its task well . It has only been in for one week , so I ca n't speak to it 's longevity at this point . Will review later ...
 Fit my 2004 Jeep Grand Cherokee -LRB- WJ -RRB- perfectly . Quality was just as good or better than the MOPAR filter it replaces .
 The Fram Filter is a great item and the price was verygood . Beats the Auto Supply Houses here.Amazon is the greatest ...
 I do n't believe that I can claim to be a Cubs ' fan enough ! What better place than around my required license plate ?!?!?
 Arrived in a timely manner and was in perfect condition . took me 2 min to put on . look very good .
 Covers are of pretty good quality , just put them on , took about 5 minutes by myself really easy of course . One thing that bugs me is when i put in my truck 2001 silverado , it said the item does not fit , however if you put in 2001 tahoe -LRB- these two are the exact same when it comes to certain items , headlights would be one example -RRB- it says it does fit ... besides that little glitch everything is great about this product
 Purchase two Nolan N100 full face helmets . At same time , purchase smoke tint shield to put on one helmet . After several years , got around to purchasing another one , this one . Improvements on this one , compared to original one . Shipment was good . Got to use discount coupon from Amazon on this . Discount did n't show up until charge card bill came in , then I could see discount coupon applied . Amazon , has been great place to check first for any kind of online purchase ! 85 % of online purchases go thru Amazon.com .
 If you are looking for a set of strong , folding ramps for your pickup then these are worth your consideration . I was needing a pair to load and unload my lawn mower and wanted ones that would be strong enough to hold me and the mower at the same time without buckling or slipping . I have used these dozens of times and they have never slipped or given into the weight I have placed on them . I am very satisfied with this purchase .
 `` I like my ramps '' I just bought a four seater UTV -LRB- 1250 lbs -RRB- and knew I wanted to replace the ramps -LRB- wooden -RRB- I owned at the time . Went to Amazon -LRB- of course -RRB- , did my research home work . Bought these , my wife and I assembled them and loaded the UTV for a few trial runs , flawless , they are great . Off to the trails we go . Do not worry about loading or unloading , safe as can be . My wife -LRB- not very big at that -RRB- can manage the ramps like a breeze .
 This was my husbands christmas gift and needless to say he was pretty impressed with me and his gift . These ramps are sturdy and tough . He has certainly put them to good use on his days off that he goes to play in the mud .
 It fits perfect . Just behind the glove box . Release your glove box and there is a panel with a tab . Remove the tab , pull the old one out , clean the tray and put the new one in , in the proper direction and you 're done . Cleared up the musty smell that I would get when I turned my AC on . Not as good as OEM but then the car is n't new either .
 I was n't to happy the first time i used this , made me ride a good 1/2 inch higher , and did n't seem to help that much . It also seemed kinda goofy to attach it to my Ultra Clasic . But over Labor Day weekend I took my cycle on a 1300 mile ride , first 1/2 I did n't use this pad , 2nd 1/2 I did . This does help ! It eliminates some of the vibration , but the biggest thing is it seems to help so I do n't get that `` pinch '' on the back of my thigh.For anyone who has a hard time riding 60 + miles , I would recomend this and a backrest .
 Super comfortable . Excellent buy . My only drawback is that there needs to be a better way of strapping the seat that is not so obvious .
 Xantrex makes so many inverters -LRB- true sine / simulated sine / transfer switch , etc -RRB- that sometimes it becomes clouded . Their products though are just top notch.I purchased the NON-transfer 1000W version of this model and now wish I bought this particular unit . Here 's why.First , all the PROSINE are TRUE SINE WAVE output with < 3 % distortion . That 's grid power quality and will not destroy your microwave oven , stereo , motors , or other devices like florescent lights . This is important across the entire PROSINE lineThe model I bought from amazon did not include transfer capability which is my only regretXantrex Technologies 806-1000 Prosine 1,000-Watt Inverter . It has numerous features , such as a remote mount control panel and a powersave feature . The built in control panel is simply removed with 4 screws and extended with 4-wire telephone cord to locate it more conveniently . The inverter features a GFCI outlet for safety.What makes this unit different is that it can take power in from an RV park or a small portable generator and NOT draw power from your battery or bank of batteries . When the outside power is cut off , it automatically transfers to its internal 1000 watt / 2000 watt surge inverter power which looks just like the utility power to your equipment.Transferring from external power to battery power -LRB- or alternator supplied power -RRB- is a convenient feature since your AC loads do n't see the change in voltage , sinewave , or switchover.The < 3 % distortion in power quality is your protection for equipment . I use a power quality meter on my commercial buildings and find that the AC mains are between 3 and 5 percent from the utility . Modified sinewave power can be 30-50 % distortion due to the step function of the silicon switching devices . This causes heat in transformers , motors , microwave ovens , buzzing noise on audio systems or TV sets , and although they run , duration of usage must be cut back to avoid overheating.My first experience with a modified sine inverter was running a florescent troubleshooting light at night under my truck . Suddenly it cut out and left me in the dark . When I opened up the balast which was exceptionally hot the problem was evident
 This windscreen looks awesome and fits better than the original . I have an 07 zzr600 and I would highly recommend it , it also makes easier to get your body out of the wind while at higher speeds .
 I absolutely love my Double Bubble . I moves all the wind right up and over my head . At 5 ' 9 '' I barely have to crouch down to really stay out of the wind at higher speeds .
 This windscreen is much better than the original one on my 2007 ZZR600 . The double bubble design allows me to see my gauges better and also redirects the wind over my helmet better . I am very happy with this product and would recommend it ! It only comes with the windscreen , there are no screws or mounting hardware included . I was able to reuse my OEM mounting hardware but this may not be possible with all bikes . I recommend checking to see what type of hardware your bike currently has so you can purchase new mounting screws if needed . I received it 4 days early and was also very pleased with that . Great quality , easy install , and looks great ! + Direct Fit + Higher `` double bubble '' directs wind higher and also allows me to see gauges easier than the OEM windscreen + The `` Zero Gravity '' logo seen in the picture is just a sticker and easily peels off with no residue left behind_Bottom Line _ Yes , I would recommend this to a friend . My favorite features are that the small decal is easily removeable and that the double bubble allows me to see my gauges without having to crouch at lower speeds ... like in town where I sit more upright than in the twisties . Great product for a great price .
 Installed on 2003 Hayabusa . Best part is you can now see the speedometer and Tach . I 'm 6 ' 1 '' and have had trouble seeing these with the standard zero gravity screen . This is tall enough to see everything but it 's not too tall . reused old rubber fasteners after I heated them with heat gun to restore normal shape so I could get them back in .
 Loved this screen overall . It makes the bike look so much better compared to the stock screen that was transparent.Only complaint is the stickers that come on the screen ... it 's a pain to take them off : |
 Just installed this product on my 2002 Honda RC51 . It looks great and fit good . Shipper responded to my inquiries promptly and the price was well below other sellers.Thanks !
 installed on 2003 bandit . really imporave how far I can ride the bike without my head getting beaten up by the wind . Look for more tips and instructions online though .
 The windshield arrived in a very timely manner . I have not installed it yet , but everything lines up perfectly , and it will look great on the bike when I finish remodeling it !
 I bought this license plate as a present and it was PERFECT ! The image is sharp , the colors are vivid . It makes for an excellent gift for any Chicago Bears fan !
 THIS PUPPY GOT TO ME SO FAST IT MADE ALL MY OTHER ORDERS SEEM LIKE THEY GOT CAUGHT UP IN CHRISTMAS RUSH !! S&H $ $ WAS WELL WORTH THE SPEED OF DELIVERY !!
 Replaced standard light on utility trailer with this light . Used another similar light on a portable compressor . Exceptionally bright and well worth the purchase . Upgrade your tired old light with this LED .
 It fits perfect into my truck . No problems at all at installation . Easy to maintain and lubricate on the vehicle .
 Two hoses for $ 45 . oo are better than buying the heater hose kit from Ford for $ 180.00 . Just a little trimming and they fit fine .
 I do n't like the tangle of trailer light wires hanging out the back bumper . This was very inexpensive compare to others so I was n't expecting the high quality of the components . You might want to get a tube of silicone to fill in the back end of the plug to eliminate any chance of water getting in to corrode the wires .
 This product solved my vaccuum leak behind the panel . This is not a cure all make sure that you have checked all connections . When you order double check stock numbers with dealers as there are 2-3 different pannels depending on vehicle options .
 i put this in my 2004 Ford Freestar van . It works perfect and is idling much more smoothly now . Would buy again .
 Fits perfectly it is really a great way to buy your car service parts and not have to worry about your car repairs constantly .
 it is fram it is simple it is only a filter looooove it get one theyre cheap and easy to install
 I have an old 428 Comet with the original Holley carb . The kit arrived on time had all the necessary parts withnon stick gaskets , And at a great price .
 good price - good product mixes easily with Bondo , sets quickly - thats the only product I have used it with so far
 I am very pleased with this product . It certainly is beyond my expectations . Its way better than anything I could have obtained at a local parts house . Thanks Amazon !
 Superior quality . New harness and heat shrink butt connectors are included with detailed instructions.Tip
 Works like a champ , could n't drive my truck with out it . Really , would n't start with no gas coming from the fuel pump .
 The product worked great after I was able to find a local parts shop that would exchange the broken unit received from Amazon .
 Works great , easy to instal , and I saved a ton of money with Geico . . JK but did save money !! Always a good thing .
 I RECEIVED THE UNIT AS PROMISED AND WAS AS DESCRIBED . IT WAS ALOT LESS THAN WHATCEVY DEALER WANTED.WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO ANY PERSON THAT NEEDED ONE .
 Found it at a great price , plugged it in and has been working great . I saved over $ 200 bucks . I highly recommend .
 This unit was priced considerably less that the price quoted by the local chevy dealer It was very easy to install and works perfectly .
 This air intake system improved my mileage from 15.5 to 17.3 . Installed without much difficulty . Truck is a little noisier than before but I can definitely live with it considering the improved performance of the vehicle especially while towing . I 've already recommended this to several friends .
 this has been put in a modified 47 ford pickup . It looks great and works fine Would recommeend to anyone
 This looks awesome in my lowered 55 Dodge Pick-up my husband built for me hope I do n't forget to look at it and not get tickets its easy to forget to look at your speed when you have such a cool truck will do business again with this company
 This product is just the same you would buy at any parts store for a lot more money . Where else can you get a great deal , then have it shipped to your doorstep , and never have to leave your house . I bought the left and right side with the same results .
 I purchased this on Amazon for $ 94.17 with free shipping for my 2004 Chevy Suburban Z71 4WD . My temperature control would constantly fight me when I was trying to set it . If it was cold and I wanted to turn it warmer , say from 70 * F to 85 * F , as I adjusted the temperature it would turn it back towards a cooler setting . I took my vehicle to the auto shop and they estimated it at $ 400 + to fix it . They said that GM did not make the part anymore and that they would have to send it in to get it rebuilt . I researched the problem from the mechanic 's terminology and using the internet . I had this installed in 15 minutes by taking the dash cover off -LRB- you will have to put the gear shifter and steering wheel all the way down , make sure your parking break is on -RRB- , taking out 4 screws from the control assy , unplugging some cables on the back of the control assy , then installing the new part in reverse order . Anyone can do this , it is very easy and I saved a bunch of money !
 MY OLD CONTROL HEAD HAD BURNT OUT BULBS AND THE KNOBS WERE LOOSE.THIS IS A UPDATED PART AND IT WORKS BETTER THAN THE OLD ONE DID.THE BIGGEST THING IS THAT THE A/C BUTTON ICON WORKS CORRECTLY BECAUSE THE ORIGINAL ONE HAD A FACTORY FLAW WHERE THE ICON WAS BACKWARDS , IN OTHER WORDS THE SNOW FLAKE ON THE DISPLAY HAD A SLASH THREW IT ALL THE TIME WHEN THE A/C WAS OFF AND KNOW THE SNOW FLACK ONLY IS ON WHEN THE A/C IS ON.THIS WAS N'T THE REASON I REPLACED IT ' I REPLACED IT BECAUSE HALF THE BACK LIGHTS DID N'T ILLUMINATE BUT THEY DO KNOW.THIS IS A PLUG ANS PLAY ITEM THAT DOES N'T HAVE TO BE PROGRAMED TO THE VEHICLE WITCH IS A NICE PERK .
 replaced the old unit perfectly . super simple to install . hardest part of the install was removing the trim piece off the dash and putting it back on , and that was easy too .
 The heading says it all , 100 % plug and play . Perfect fit , no more missing lights , or worn out buttons , nor was it expensive . If you order alot of parts like I do , PAY for the prime membership , 2 days . -LRB- period -RRB-
 Turns out my problem is in the actuators , but I bought this to try to fix my ac issues -LRB- alternating hot/cold on driver side , pretty much when it feels like it grrrrrrr -RRB- . . I looked up how to install on you tube and also read other reviews and they were helpful . I replaced it in 1-1 .5 hours start to finish . The process is simple . You just pull off the trim then remove a couple of screws . The 4 locking tabs were the worst to get freed up to release the old unit . Slide the old unit out and unplug two connectors -LRB- different sizes and keyed - you can not put them in incorrectly -RRB- . You do have to pull pretty hard on the connectors to demate - they will come free , but be sure to pull on the connectors and do NOT pull them out by the wires ! New one snapped right in , then reinstall screws/trim and off you go . Another reviewer correctly instructs that the best way to get the trim free is to put on the parking brake , then without starting the car , turn the key to on , tilt steering wheel all the way down , and move the shifter to its lowest position . Other than these minor tricks it was a pretty easy . Product matched original perfectly though I noticed the model number was newer ... . probably a good thing .
 Funciona muy bien como si fuera el original es iguanl al las mismas funciones selos recomiedo no tengan dudas : -RRB-
 Pretty sweet product ... now if i only had a skid lid to put it on . The strip is n't exactly what 's shown ; there 's actually a larger spike set right in the middle of all the regular sized ones -LRB- about twice as big -RRB- . I plan on getting a helmet for it now because i was n't thinking it would n't fit on my full-face .
 Easy to use ; meets the need to hook in an extra bike on back of truck as I planned it .
 Very cute antenna topper . My boyfriend hung it from his rearview mirror though , because he 's the only Redskins fan at his job . Everyone else loves the Cowboys and he thought they 'd rip it off his antennae .
 This cute antenna topper is perfect . It 's as cute as can be and sits very securely on the antenna . I do n't have to worry about losing it on the highway . It also helps to locate my vehicle in parking lots .
 Tends to look good , there 's an occasional tilt of the helmet staying straight on the head . Make sure to remove ornament during storms / will fall off in strong winds . No regrets buying this product
 Mirrors arrived quickly and boxed nice and secure . Was n't expecting them to be exactly like originals but they were ! I was very happy with my purchase and recommend if you need mirrors to buy these ! They came with a allen wrench so you can tighten the mirror to stay secure so it does n't move around ... it 's under the mirror which I had a hard time figuring out but once I figured it out it worked perfectly ! Thanks !
 The aftermarket mirror I received worked fine on my daughters 88 Jeep Wrangler .
 Ordered this mirror to replace one lost on a trail ride . Fit perfectly and matches product description exactly . quick delivery , easy installation , good price .
 We bought a PackRight carrier for a trip where we were going to have two more passengers that would have more luggage than our car could hold . We were able to store 4 suitcases and 3 camp chairs with room to spare . During our two week trip we had a day when we used the carrier and it rained all day long . When we opened up the car top carrier all the items in it were dry and safe .
 We were very happy with our purchase of this car top carrier . It fits on our Subaru just right , and is reasonably easy to load . We drove through some heavy rains , and nothing got wet . Storage when not in use is great . It takes up little space .
 Bought this instead of a hard top . It was a bit tricky to set up the first time but much much easier after that . Safety pins work great to secure the straps so they do n't flap around in the wind . Seems waterproof but it has not been used in the rain yet . I would recommend it .
 better then i thought was clean water proof but zippers were hard to use also used more cargo type rachet straps as back up
 We purchased this item to help carry all our &#34; Stuff &#34; while going on Holidays . We ran into some rain , heavy heavy wind gusts , sleet and snow while driving to our destination . Since our car -LRB- a Prius -RRB- does n't have a roof carrier or the ability to &#34; clip it &#34; on the sides . We ran the straps thru the car as described in the product . We also purchased the Non-Skip Roof pad . The carrier worked great !! The only issue we had was the pad flapping in the wind . We folded in the corners to help stop this . Trying to get the carrier full in the corners and holding down the pad was only a minor annoyance . But no problems with the carrier at all . -LRB- I might want to look for some small ratchet tie downs to better hold the carrier straps . -RRB- Other than that , this item worked FANTASTIC !! We filled the carrier as suggested and did n't have any issues of it flapping in the wind and ripping . We drove thru 40mph wind gust , pushing the car all over the place , but the carrier stayed put and did n't budge being on the pad . Then later on we drove thru blowing snow , still not an issue with the carrier . Knocked off the snow and let it dry after emptying it at our destination . Read and follow instructions and you wo n't have any issues . Carrier performed as advertised , VERY pleased with it . Great purchase.And because of the ability to take down and fold into such a small footprint we can keep it in the car , or Garage for any time we need it or put it on another vehicle if need be.We would purchase this item again , Great product . Thanks .
 We took this carrier from Los Angeles to New Haven in 3 and a half days . It held up to rain and snow and 80 mph winds -LRB- speed limit across Texas -RRB- and kept everything inside the carrier well protected and dry . Very little wind noise from the rack or the straps . HOWEVER , it would be really helpful if the straps could be rubberized like the canvas on the carrier . It rained overnight before we started out and the next morning the inside of the car was pretty wet on both the passenger seat and the driver 's seat as well as things in the back seat being dripped on . The webbing of the straps acted like a wick in an oil lamp and drew water inside the car like crazy . If the straps had been sealed like the carrier I do n't think we would have had any water at all , like I said the inside of the carrier was dry as a bone . It would not have been an issue if the car had a roof rack but doing the attachment through the car allowed the straps to wick the water in .
 Choice between PVC lined , keeping contents dry , and environmentally friendly nylon was a no-brainer . Works ok but not optimally with an aftermarket roof rack on a Versa hatch . Straps easy enough to figure out . Buy a small luggage lock for peace of mind on the road to lock the zippers together.Takes a couple of trips to figure out the best way to load , but it does accommodate quite a bit and freed up my trunk so that I had some space to play with.Also folds down nicely and fits in a small bag , so can even be carried on a vacation to use with rental car -- straps work with no rack as well . Very versatile product .
 This is a great value if you are shopping for a car top carrier ... lightweight ... easy to store when not using it . and durable .
 We bought this for a trip from NY to MN . We did n't encounter any rain along the way , so I ca n't comment on any water resistant or waterproof function . We do not have a roof rack so securing the carrier was a little challenging . I was not totally confident that the straps provided would hold the carrier securely if I just ran them inside the car , and I had not realized that this unit did not include the clips that hook on the car door opening . I looked at two models and inadvertently bought the one without the clips . I went out and bought 4 ratchet straps at the local hardware store -LRB- $ 12 total cost I think -RRB- and they did the trick and gave me peace of mind . This carrier held quite a bit and stores compactly for future use . All in all I think it was a good investment .
 We used this on our Mazda 3 5 door . We got the clips , but unfortunately they do n't work on the mazda , so we had to the run the straps through the doors . It worked great . The straps do n't get in the way at all . There was a lot more storage inside than we imagined . As luck would have it , it rained the first time used it and everything stayed perfectly dry . All in all we could n't have asked for more .
 Just got back from our family vacation which was a 5 hour drive - one way . The PackRight Sport 1 worked exceptionally well for us . Put a layer of shelving liner between the top of the Rogue and the carrier , then attached only two straps to the luggage rack to secure the carrier . Worked perfectly . No slipping , no noise , no problems . I 've read other reviews stating the zipper was difficult . I will admit the zipper is a bit sluggish around the corners but if you just take your time there should be no problems . We were lucky enough not to have any rain on our trip , but I did run the car through a car wash where I manually spray everything down . No sign of any moisture inside . Overall I am very pleased with the purchase .
 This is great if you do n't have a roof rack . It works perfectly . Drove 6 hours straight in the rain and everything was ok and dry . You must be sure to tie it down well since you do n't have a roof rack . The recommendation to use the rubber mat underneath should be followed . There is some noise with it at 65 miles an hour but that should n't be a surprise .
 The bag fit cloths and beach toys for a family vacation . It has a water-resistant zipper feature that folds over and velcros shut . I probably over-stuffed it , as the velcro came undone in the drive . That said , we did drive through some rain and everything inside was completely dry . I used it with the accessory mat that kept it from sliding around on roof and protected my roof from getting scratched .
 It 's all I wanted ! Easy to use , safe and strong hold , large space to use , in all weather conditions ! The right gear for packing fast!And it 's stored away fast too !
 Well it worked well . I cranked it down really tight but you have to play with the straps to make sure you do n't get an annoying vibration whistle . The one thing they really need is something to put between the straps and the car . -LRB- It was a little rough on the paint job -RRB- When I was buying it I thought it was going to have gutter clamps or something . The straps run right though the car . Not a real problem but I would n't want to use this every weekend . It would really wear out the weather striping of the car doors .
 Loved this item . We were going on a 12 hour trip , and needed more cargo space . We were very apprehensive as the vehicle we were putting it on does NOT have a roof rack . But , it worked out beautifully . The only change we made in attaching , was to use ratchet straps . This made securing it easier , and it stayed put.Also , I was worried about the straps going through the car , hanging too low - no problem what-so-ever !! Definitely worth the expense , and very roomy - it worked out great with my Toyota Camry .
 I bought this product because I was moving to the East Coast and needed more space . It fit perfect on top of my Subaru Forester , the only issue was that I could only use one set of straps because there are no openings on the sides of the car top carrier - so I had to go through the car/windows to secure it side to side . To protect the top of my car and keep it from any possible sliding , I bought the rubberized shelf liner at the dollar store , worked like a charm . I had everything up there for 5 days , travelled 1000 miles , and had absolutely no issues . It did n't rain a lot , so was n't able to check out that feature . I did buy a bunch of vacumn -LRB- air removal -RRB- bags and fit an AMAZING amount of stuff up there . Stored now in it 's pouch -LRB- which takes up very little space -RRB- for the trip back !
 We have taken this carrier on 3 trips to the snow and rain and sleet . Everything comes out dry and it does n't move around when driving . Two people can get it on and off the top of the Odyssey with ease and tying it down is not a problem , although I used extra rigging in addition to what the company supplied . A great product for the price .
 I will admit being a car top carrier newb I was hesitant about installing something like this our old car and running the tie downs through the car to hold it on . My worries would completely unwarranted.I purchased this car top carrier so we could use our old 1993 Camry for a family camping trip and save some money on gas -LRB- vs using the truck -RRB- . The carrier is just as describe , built very well and I have no doubt completely water proof . At the current price of gas I am willing to bet it almost paid for itself in fuel cost -LRB- truck gets 12 MPG -RRB- . From here on out the carrier is free . : o -RRB- This carrier along with the recommended non-skid mat was so securely mounted that you could grab the carrier and rock the car back and forth and the carrier would NOT MOVE . It held all our bulky gear and had room to spare . It comes with four straps but we only needed two . The straps are the perfect length for a car the size of the Camry -LRB- one strap went all the way around the carrier and through the car -RRB- . I ended up using a third strap in the back to help hold it in place but it was n't needed.The wind noise up to about 60 mph was nil . Above that you could hear and occasional flip-flap or two . I am sure the noise would have been reduced if the carrier was completely full . The key is to fold of cut the non-skid mat so none of it is exposed to the wind . Our cruising speed was typically 65 MPH and the noise was not and issue . The impact on MPG was minimal . Typically we get 30 MPG on road trips and on this trip we averaged 29 MPG . Top speed obtained while passing was 85 MPH and at that speed the noise did increase.I highly reccomend this carrier . Its well built and does what its supposed to . Easily worth the MSRP is not more .
 We purchased this carrier to bring our crafts to fairs in the area . We were forced to use it the first time in the driving rain . We travelled two and a half hours at speeds up to fifty miles an hour with no leakage or dampness . Considering we sell baby blankets and dog beds , this was very important to us . The only minor inconvenience was the straps to hold the carrier on the roof . Use straps with hooks . Also , we took the advice of another reviewer and used the non slip tray liner from the dollar store . It worked wonderfully , even on the completely smooth roof of my HHR . This bag is roomy , easy to close , and , it would appear , completely waterproof . Buy it !
 I searched for several different products and read many reviews before making the purchase . Overall , I was very pleased with it.I just finished a two week road trip across the United States starting in Tennessee and ended up in California . I drove a Toyota 4Runner . The PackRight Sport 1 Car Top Carrier was the perfect size for my truck . I could not imagine using it for a smaller car ... I do n't think it would have been efficient for anything but an SUV ... but I see that others have used it for smaller cars . My truck has the rack above my car , so securing the car top carrier was not a problem . The straps provided were great at keeping it in tact . I also did not have to worry about lose ends flapping in the wind because I actually tied the excess straps down with some string.The PackRight carrier DID tear at one spot ... near the front of the car ... BUT , it was my fault . -LRB- I posted some personal photographs -- you can see where the compression straps caused a hole to form . -RRB- The instructions clearly stated that it was not a good idea to line anything with corners or edges in the carrier . -LRB- I personally did n't know how to get around this as I was packing boxes . -RRB- In my carrier , I was able to fit three filing boxes -LRB- banker boxes -RRB- across the width without a problem , and even more smaller boxes to fill it up . The top of the bag does indeed expand but I do n't recommend overpacking . The velcro strips that kept the flaps secure ... for the most part ... worked fine . I initially had expanded the carrier but did not want to risk water getting into it , so I took out some stuff.Two weeks on the road along the southern route of the US , it actually only rained a couple of times . When I was driving through Austin , I was on the interstate and the rain was pouring heavily for almost an hour straight . I was worried as I was driving through the storm , but figured if things got wet ... well it would get wet . -LRB- Because I had smaller boxes loaded up top in it , I actually wrapped all of my boxes in garbage bags as a precaution . I would later realize at my final destination I did n't need to do that ... but better safe than sorry . -RRB- When I was out of the rain storm , I checked all of my stuff the next morning and everything was fine , despite the small hole I created.The only reason the hole was created was because of the compression straps putting too much pressure on one of the corners of the boxes . All I did to fix it was opened up the carrier and used duct tape to tape an X over it , and I did the same from the outside . That was on the 3 day of my two week trip . From TN to CA over a period of two weeks , I had no problem with the car top carrier . The only reason I had to get access to it was because I wanted to repack some things ... but other than that , it worked great . I had no problems with the extra straps flying around , no wind causing it to create unnecessary or unwanted sounds ... all while driving at an average of 75-80mph across the US.I needed a car top carrier that was inexpensive , efficient , and effective . The PackRight Sport 1 Car Top met my needs and was great for my two week road trip across the US in my Toyota 4Runner . I bought the liner/mat that was suggested for it . I read some reviews that some people thought that you could get by without one ... and you probably could , but it was only an extra 20 bucks and I went ahead and bought it and definitely thought it was the right choice . By the time I got to SF and unloaded , I could see clearly from the debris where I had used the liner . It definitely kept the car top carrier in its place ... but besides that , it kept my car from getting beat up . The paint on the car is still very nice and I did not want to risk getting it scratched ... so , the liner was an investment that was well worth its value.Owning an SUV , I will more than likely use the carrier again . It came with a carrier bag that makes it easy for me to store . I threw all of the straps and folded the carrier into it and I just left it in the back of my 4Runner . I was really pleased with the product and am glad to say that I had no problems with it . I would recommend this product to others . Cheers !
 this hose is for my 1998 altima GXE with Manual Transmission . seems of very high quality . fits just right . gates makes a good product .
 As a mechanic , I use this tool almost everyday , great price , works great . Can be a little tough in tight spots , but overall an awesome tool that makes my job so much easier . I 've owned this tool for about a year now with no problems .
 Works great and indispensible if you have hose clamps near the firewall . Could not have changed my heater core without it . Squeeze it and it locks in place .
 The product arrived sooner than expected and as described . It worked well . I would highly recommend this seller .
 I busted my knuckles thousand times . Clamps jumped out of channel locks snapping my finger to the blood and flying away . I scratched my hands on sharp corners trying to reach some hidden clamp with whatever I could fit there to try to squeeze the clamp . I cursed and berserked and damned the car engineers and their families.Before I bought this one . Nearly any clamp I took it to became piece of cake . I rebuilt the VW VR6 engine recently and this germans are crazy about putting spring hose clamp somewhere unreachable like they find some sick joy in it . With this tool - ha ! I laugh at them and they grind their teeth in helpless hate.Tools like this are available from several brands . This one is the cheapest of them all but still of a decent quality without breaking the bank . Totally love it .
 service was good got it fast ... i have use this tool a few times since i bought it . so far it works well and i have had no problems . .
 The product was received on time and in good shape.It will be helpful to keep my stored car battery fresh until , I 'm ready to drive it in the spring.Les
 If you 're like me , you have vehicles that do n't get driven often enough . There is your daily driver , and your backup or recreational vehicles . I have two vehicles that are only driven a few times a year , and that kind of infrequent use destroys batteries about as fast as you can replace them . With this gadget my extra vehicles are always charged and ready to go and the batteries last nearly forever . No fuss at all , just leave the thing hooked up and running 24/7 and the battery stays perfect . And this thing is actually made out of real metal , unlike the trendy other brand . It will even do 2 at once , with a pair of jumper cables to run between the vehicles .
 I purchased this item due to a broken fog light on my Infiniti FX 35 . I took it to the dealership and they installed it for me for $ 25 . The dealer told me had they sold it to me it would have been over $ 150 all together . So I applaud this deal for a great deal and the quality of the light . I now have no issues turning on my fog lights . Signed ... One Happy Driver . : o -RRB-
 Monitors the temperature just like it 's supposed to . I did n't check it 's accuracy but it seems to be close enough .
 Wrong filter ordered . Can not use this filter . Had to order another filter . Price was ok for product . The wix brand is tops .
 I installed two of these -LRB- left and right -RRB- about 6 months ago . It has held-up just fine and was easy to install . I was skeptial at first because of the price but they were well machined , very percision and an exact replacement .
 Item arrived within the week . Packaging was very well done and item simply went directly into place where the previous one was removed from .
 Arrived on time and looked exactly as it does in the picture . The only thing i dont like is the fact that I have maryland plates and it covers my registration stickers . I have not gotten pulled over for it though and have had the cover on for alomst 2 years now .
 I got my Baltimore Ravens tag plate yesterday , and I am soo happy with it . It looks better in person and was well worth the price . Thanks
 There is nothing particularly great about this license plate frame . It is cheap and plastic , but it comes as described . If it exceeded my expectations I would have given this frame 5 stars , but I got what I paid for , a cheap generic plastic license plate frame . I plan on using this on my front bumper and a nicer frame on the back bumper . I purchased the Baltimore Ravens frame .
 Love everything Ravens and this is no exception . High quality and durable . Very easy to put on .
 It 's a good quality hose that is a factory fit . The Gates website has an application -LRB- program -RRB- , called Navigates , that can be used to look up hoses and belts for any vehicle . Start there and buy at Amazon . Shipping is a little slow for auto parts so order a couple weeks ahead.Bob
 Great brand new in sealed boxes.Installed on vehicle and solved all my front end problems.At first I was scared by the month to a month and ahalfdelivery time on the order confirmation.But , -LRB- email to Amazon was a quickfix -RRB- . Came in the 5-9 day range stated in ad . Thanx Dave
 I bought my 1986 300 ZX in October 2011 , and discovered that despite great body and interior condition , it 's an old car . The air conditioning compressor froze , the seat belt receptor crumbled , and a couple of other things broke . The most annoying and uncomfortable failure was leaky T-tops . When it rains water drips on both seats , and down the inside of the windows . Our Infinity gets the garage , so a good car cover was the only solution . I read loads of reviews , and the Coverking Stormproof got consistently good reviews . It fits like a glove and it repels water ! I cover the Z every night , and when it does rain , the water runs right off . Since I 'm well into -LRB- past -RRB- middle age , I worried that a wet butt would give my coworkers the wrong idea . Well , as long as I cover the car , no more cold wet seats for me . My only complaint
 These Carbon Fiber sheets by Factory Effex are really nice . They give that upgraded Clean look to anything you put it on ! I used mine on a pair of frame guards for a Yz 125 and it looks sweet ! Before they were blue and beginning to fade , so I sanded them down and gave them a black paint job . Since they are frame guards and they are plastic they paint started to come off really fast and they looked horrible ! So then I Applied paint thinner to the surface to clean it up then cut the Carbon Fiber sheets to size and stuck it to 'em . They have not got a scratch on them yet and they have been through a couple of races and hours of practice ! They stick to plastic very nicely and everybody thinks they are actually carbon fiber ! Complimented by a couple stickers and and overall good looking bike and ur set ! Definately will be buying another set . Only down fall is that I didnt order TW0 !
 I 've been looking for a license plate cover like this for a long time , and I finally found a great one !
 This was a great addition to my Bronco collection . Has held up very nicely through all kinds of Chicago weather !
 This charger is perfect for you Rayovac rechargeable batteries . It does have indicator lights that give the status of the charge . I like the older style better that red LEDs since they turned off when the charge was complete . This changes the indication -LRB- steady to flashing -RRB- . The batteries get quite hot when charging , but this is normal . The Rayovac rechargeables are super batteries . They hold their charge - in the camera or device as well as in a zip lock bag inside my camera bag - unlike other NiCd type batteries . I only use these types of batteries now in my Canon i5is and the associated Canon flash , and I also use them in a set of noise canceling headphones -LRB- AAA -RRB- . The storage lifetime and use lifetime is exceptional . The charger can charge AAA or AA and even paired mixes of each kind -LRB- e.g. , 2 x AAA and 2 x AA -RRB- .
 These are supposed to be great batteries but shipping is ridiculous.I ca n't justify the crazy rates .
 I bought this as a OEM type replacement muffler for my 2003 Dodge Ram 1500 truck and it fit right in . I shopped around other websites as well as several local retailers and I have to tell you I do n't know how Amazon does it . Their prices are fantastic as is the service ... I almost always get my order at least one day early . I place my order , wait a few days , and presto , it arrives right at my front door with FREE shipping ! Could n't be easier .
 These cables are good quality but you need a right and left cable . The end clips are specific to the side . I did not understand that when I had ordered .
 Had a few problems with strobe not staying seated properly and control switch falling apart , but that was resolved fairly easily . Strobe is weak by the way . Accent light has feeble connection . If everything is secured well after placement everything should be ok . Might want to wire your own switches in and run power from the parking lights so you do n't forget they are on . -LRB- Indicator on switch is very DIM ! -RRB-
 It was a grest buy and worked just fine . Shipped fast.Had no problems with the motor . Would recommend this blower motor for your car .
 My husband wanted this for a Christmas present . He has installed it and is extremely pleased with the way it dresses up his motorcycle . The instructions were easy to follow , and the installation went well . He would recommend this to anyone who wants to add a bit of chrome to his or her ride .
 FIts perfect in my pontiac grand am gt 2001 3.4 v6 . had no problems installing it myself . Im unsure on the quality of it , but I 've had it it for about a month now and there has been no problems with it .
 Really great rims that look fantastic on my 96 Silverado . Really make my truck stand out . I would buy absolutely buy again .
 I purchased this cover after comparring a few brands and models in the same price category . the feature i like is all steel or aluminum construcion as oposed to others that had plastic clamps . at first i wanted the tri fold . but choose the seal and peel . because of practicality . the folding feature seemed nice , except anything put there in . would have to fit with cover closed . only advantage is access from front or rear . anything i want to fit in , i just slide in , w / tailgate open . leaving cover alone . happy with the covers material , seems real rugged . installed in winter and it went on ok . i would suggest insatlling on sunny day though . rails and bows are strong , and again clamps are metal not plastic .
 This stuff really is great . I have had it on my tires only for a few days , but they are still gleaming -LRB- I will update my review after some rain if necessary -RRB- . Easy to put on ... the applicator is nice so you do n't get any on your rims . Definitely worth the $ 10 !
 I 'm a big tire shine fanatic and when I used this gel , it blew my mind away . It works better then the detailer shine they use at the Acura dealership . There is no spinoff -LRB- in case you dont know what that is , it 's when you drive off and the tire shine shoots all the black residue back onto your clean car as the tires spin -RRB- , its really easy to apply , and it just looks so much more shiny then anything else I 've used . It 's worth the money , I promise .
 This is probably the best tire shine product I 've found -LRB- and I 've tried many different tire shine products -RRB- . However , it 's a very messy gel ... even when using the included applicator which is supposed to make it easier to use.Overall , it 's a GREAT product for tires ... just be ready to clean up the messy gel .
 Finding a conveniently located source for sports fan items can be a major task . Amazon reduces the effort to pick and click . Minimum fuss , reasonable cost , minimum shipping , excellent delivery , everything fits . Nicely done , Amazon .
 If you are a cat lover , you are going to like this product . It fixed well in the car seats . The quality is great . For the price that I paid was really good quality .
 It 's perfect fit for an 2002 Hyundai Santa fe 2.7 l.It 's an oem equivalent I think.Gates is a good brand .
 As this was my first time using Amazon , I was a little apprehensive . However the product met my expectations and arrived in a timely fashion . I was well pleased
 Ha , this is a small gift to my friend who will have their baby next January . Hope they will like it .
 Bottom line
 This is my second `` Baby on Board '' sign . The first one was great but the suction cup hardened overtime and the color of the sign faded . But hey , it has a two-year life span -LRB- for me , at least -RRB- and only $ 5 before you replace it ! You ca n't beat that !
 it helps tell them reckless drivers to slow their ass down before they hurt an innocent baby . totally great and worth every penny .
 It 's hard for this one to go wrong , I think . It 's been working well for us so far for about 3 months . It stays attached and it looks like the picture .
 I have a car that would n't be considered a family car , but since I have a baby in the car -LRB- and soon two -RRB- , it makes me feel better having this sign to tell other drivers that little lives are in the back seat . The reason I gave it four stars is because I do occasionally have problems with the suction cup and getting it to stay . Regardless , I am glad I purchased it .
 This is fairly small and light , and hangs onto the window quite well , usually . I find myself having to stick it back on the window every once in a while . We 've had it for a year and half and it has faded just a bit , but the suction still works as well as it did from the beginning . It has survived all four seasons in upstate NY .
 I 'm happy with the sign , it does its job . Hopefully , it reminds other drivers to drive carefully . Worth the money .
 This magnet sign is very cute ! I put it on our SUV so everyone knows to be careful when driving close to my baby!I almost want to buy 100 of them and plaster them all over the back doors , but that may be too much . : -RRB-
 All around this is a great product . I live in the city and wanted something that would back off the car behind me a bit . So far its working pretty good . I like that it has the suction cup as opposed to the magnet so it does n't leave marks . Great item for the price .
 Good product as the item was listed just as the one arrived . Fast delivery of the product . Would buy from this user again .
 When you have this in your window . I really think it 's true . They have more patience if they know you are being cautious with a kid in the car .
 What can i tell you , is just a warning sign . I bought two because paradoxically , two of my brothers got pregnant at the same time and one of them is paranoiac with put some stickers for the car , this was the perfect solution because it wo n't make marks or `` permanent '' modifications .
 This sign sticks to car windows very well and easily.Some reviewers complained about the suction . The trick is simple
 yes it is me , the guy with the new baby in the car going the speed limit and driving carefully . Please do n't honk and get all road ragey , my baby is super cute want to see some pictures?This sign makes sure you know , could only get better with a `` Cute baby on board '' lingo.Did i mention my baby is cute ?
 I was very hesitant about getting this sign initially because few reviews mentioned that sign falls off after few minutes and never stays on . I took a risk and trust me I am so glad I did . My wife and I have two cars so I went ahead and purchased 2 sings right away.So let 's address the elephant in the room . Does the sign fall off after few minutes , nope not even close , it has been a bit over a week now and both signs are still holding on to the glass like it is their job . How did I manage to get them stay in both of our cars , very simple I followed instructions . Let me repeat I followed instructions from the back of the packaging and they were very simple too .1 . Clean the inside of the window where you will attach the sign -LRB- clean surface = better seal -RRB- 2 . Clean back of the suction cup with alcohol -LRB- I used rubbing alcohol , clean surface = better seal -RRB- 3 . When attaching the suction cup please make sure you do not attach it on defroster lines but in between . -LRB- defroster line allows air to slowly enter the vacuum between the glass and suction cup , resulting in sign detaching and dropping -RRB- Now best part , I drive a VW GTI a hatchback so unlike other passenger cars my 5 door has a window and every time I open the trunk and close it , which I do at least twice a day on my way to work and back I put that awesome , bright pretty sign to a really good test , and guess what sign is still there holding on to the glass.Sign is great , just the right size so it does n't block your view when driving or backing up . I placed it in the bottom left corner of the back window in both cars , that way I almost never see it when backing up . My wife drives an SUV and her windows are tinted unlike mine and the sign is still visible . Overall this item deserves 5 stars because it is a high qualit product which does exactly what it is suppose to do , only thing you have to do to enjoy it is READ THE INSTRUCTIONS AND FOLLOW THEM .
 Bounce in my step . Loaded with pep , as I 'm driving in the carpool lane . Call me a square , friend I do n't care , cause that little yellow sign ca n't be ignored . I 'm telling you it 's mighty nice . Each trip is a trip to paradise . With my baby on board .
 It does what it 's meant to . Sometimes loses suction and falls off but not often enough to be a huge nuisance .
 Its really nice . Bright yellow and you can see it from far away . put my stepmom at ease when my brother was born thats for sure
 item was as described and new in package , was definately what i expected and would definately buy items from again
 Las personas saben que llebo un bebe y andan con mas cuidado se lo recomiendo a todas las personas
 fit great and look great ... first ones I found at a reasonable price . Covers area very well and I would recommend
 I use this mirror on a daily basis and have been using the same one for several years . I recently dropped it about 10 feet onto a tile floor and cracked the mirror so it 's time to get another -LRB- no fault of the mirror -RRB- . This is an excellent , large diameter mirror which is ideal for inspections and is large enough to allow taking photographs of the item being inspected . The ball coupler , which allows the head to articulate is tension adjustable . Unlike the previous reviewer , I have never had any issue with inadequate tension at the joint . If I could change one thing about this mirror , I would add about two more telescopic sections to the handle to allow for longer reach . Because of the large head size , this is not the mirror to use in tight spaces .
 This product fit my 04 Nissan Maxima perfectly ! After UPS lost it , it was replaced at no cost and was shipped immediately !
 2002 Nissan Altima Car Part - the part was a perfect fit . My car is running like new again . The product was shipped and received fast
 I 've had problems with the charging system on my bike for years , but not anymore . Charges as if though the bike is brand new !
 I bought these pads for my 2000 Triumph Speed Triple . I bought two pairs as the front wheel has two calipers . They were a great upgrade over the previously installed pads -LRB- Galfer , unknown model -RRB- . Installation was a breeze and only took a couple minutes . I feel like I can easily do stoppies with these pads installed -- not that I 'm going to . Highly recommended .
 These brake pads arrived exactly as stated , brand new , in a sealed blister pack . Installed easily & work well.They arrived very quickly via USPS & were well packaged . They were very competitively priced , and this has been a good purchase experience on my end . Will be back for more when these pads wear out . A +
 Quality pump works as it should . dont buy cheap brands unless you like replacing them . The price was the lowest I could find also .
 If you are one of the unfortunate -LRB- like me -RRB- that has to buy a whole fuel pump assembly , this is a good choice . Delphi and AC Delco pumps are the way to go ... do n't mess with anything cheap unless you think dropping the fuel tank on a regular basis is fun . This pump fit well , is quiet , and has been running well for 2 months now . Keep in mind you probably will have to splice in a new harness to your existing one , which is provided with this pump . Make sure to keep the fuel line clips from the old pump cause you 'll need those . So far I would give this thing a thumbs up .
 I was pleased with the style and fit of these door sill protectors . They were high quality and fit the contours of my 06 F150 dry -LRB- without the adhesive tape -RRB- . With the tape , the install was rock solid and will more than protect the paint and looks great as well . The instructions were easy to follow and installation took about 5 min . per side -LRB- most of that was prep -RRB- . This manufacturer did their homework . I will buy again .
 I had these on my prior truck and acquired another set from Amazon for my 2008 F150 XL . I recommend you get these the first day you own your truck - the step area will quickly have unsightly scratches.Installation runs smoothly with a couple of tricks . The unit comes in four pieces , two per side for the regular cab . First , make sure that you are applying the correct parts for each side ! I have n't done it , but know people who have . Look for RF , RR , LF or LR molded into the bottom of the pieces.Second , apply the rear piece first . It 's easy to misalign , so make some pencil marks where the piece should fit before removing the double-sided tape , then align the Stepshield edge with those before letting the bare tape come into contact with the step.Third , I 've had good luck with the fronts by removing only an inch or two of the tape cover strip -LRB- towards the read of the cab -RRB- , press that carefully into place against the previously installed rear piece , then pull off the rest of the tape strip while holding the Stepshield in place . -LRB- This is easier than pulling off all the tape and trying to move the whole thing into place before the tape sticks to the metal step . It may stick before you have it placed correctly . -RRB- I had these on my prior truck for about three years and did not notice them coming loose during that time . Five stars .
 I bought this front left strut and also the front right strut -LRB- KYB 333388 GR-2 Strut -RRB- from Amazon and had them installed on my 2007 Toyota Prius without any problems . I have been driving with both struts for over a week now and everything seems fine . No problems here .
 This cost me less than what the Honda dealer wanted for a paper OE filter , will last me longer , and compared to my old paper filter , performs better . I 'm not sure if that is due to the poor condition of my paper OE filter or the better design of the Uni . The Uni also seems to seal against the airbox better that the original . I did not have to make any adjustment to my carbs after switching to The Uni .
 I have a 1971 CB 500 ... This filter made a world of difference when switching from the stock filter !
 Our daughter loves this ... . only complaint was that it was shipped to us in a flimsy envelope that could have easily bent and broken the plastic plate within . Ours was fine ...
 I really like the blue and decals . Plus there awesome because I love the Seahawks !! Go hawks !! I recommend these license plates for anyone .
 Basic plastic license plate frame , graced with the logo and moniker of the Seattle Seahawks , What more would a fan want ?
 i could n't ask for more , , i just started 4 month ahead my christmas shopping and this a very cool gift for one my friends who love the seahawks and the price u cant find anywhere else
 Product as describe ... works fine . It was a challenge to program . But the included instructions helped greatly . And at a fair price !
 Fantastic experience ! I could n't get the key fob to partner with my vehicle . Called seller 's `` Technical Support '' . Shocked to have such great technical service over the phone . Got my key fob working in -LRB- 10 -RRB- minutes . Very proffessional and very knowledgeble !
 The item was received and has worked great . It is worth the value . The cost from the dealer is almost two times .
 We placed the sticker on the windshield of the car and it has lasted , it has no deteriorated . Looks great ! Exactly what we were expecting .
 Why shop anywhere else ? I was able to purchase this part `` brand new '' from Amazon at almost half the price of the local auto parts stores as well as online . It arrived quickly , packaged well and was easy to install . It matched the Original part perfectly .
 I was replacing the stock shocks on my Nissan Sentra SE-R Spec V. I liked the idea of the variable valving on these . It really does work . The ride is now MUCH softer than stock . I think it 's smoother than my wife 's 1.8 S Sentra . However , at the same time it still corners almost absolutely flat . So , my handling is still there . This is great for driving around Chicago 's streets.Highly recommended !
 I just recieved my new generator today . Amazon delivery was amazing . The truck line called . backed up to my door at my convienience , and me and the driver had it off the truck in less than 5 minutes . Keep in mind this is a 2 person job . Adding to the plus for the delivery is that it was absolutly free.It took me a total of 10 minutes to install the wheels , support bracket , attach the battery cable -LRB- yes it does come with the battery installed -RRB- , fill with the supplied oil and put in some gas . One little choke and the unit fired off a lot sooner than I anticipated . I ran some electrical power tools to make sure the unit was putting out power and they all worked flawlessly . I searched far and wide untill I settled on this unit . The Vangaurd engine -LRB- built by mitsubishi according to The Briggs rep I talked to -RRB- was the major selling point . It is quieter than many larger generators and can ramp up to a 13500 watt surge . Im not hoping for a power outage , but I sure would like to put this baby to the test . I might just throw my transfer switch tomorrow and see what it can do . Very happy at this point
 We have had our generator for close to a year now and it has never failed to do what it is needed to do . I have to say that we are happy campers indeed . It is extremely important that we have equipment that can handle heavy and persistent work loads at times . We have to rely on this generator completely in our wilderness off the grid location when there is inadequate solar gain to power our home and pump our water . We use ours every single day at times . This unit works so well that THREE of our neighbors have bought the exact some model for use at their own places after seeing ours in action . I have heard absolutely no complaints ... only raves from all of them . I 'm not sure why some others here have had issues ... but none of us have .
 I have had my Generator for a little over two years with no problems every time I have needed it it has started right up and run with no problems at all . In all I have used it moer than 200 hours one time when a hurricane knocked out the power I ran it for 5 days straight with no problems . I bought this one because it was one of only a few that could run the equipment that I needed . This generator runs a true sine wave just like what you get when you plug somthing into your house that is why I ended up this one , I first got one that was cheaper but had to return it the same day and got . This one I got from Homedepot , So all I can say is it has ben worth every cent .
 It 's saved us a couple times already . Extended power outages waste food . This will nearly power our whole house , including two refrigerators and a freezer .
 After substantial experinece in helping people in the aftermath of hurricanes , I saw that hurricane Ike was about one week out from my house inland and decided I would not be one of those poor saps without a generator when the power went out . I went to every store around 50 miles of my house before I finally found a generator . It happened to be briggs and stratton elite series with 8000 running watts . It was the only one left and I knew it , so I bought it reluctantly from a tractor supply store in Texas . Well , after a week of having my power out from hurrican Ike I was thrilled with it . Heck , I was even able to watch dvd 's on my TV , and that was while I had the comfort of knowing my refrigerator/freezer was running along with fans to keep the heat down . It is dirt simple to use , it is rugged , and the only minor complaint I would make is it about as loud as a riding lawn mower . That really is n't terrible though considering that it is a pretty powerful generator as `` portable '' units go . Thanks Briggs and Stratton , you never let me down .
 A great generator for the jobsite and home use . My order arrived on time and generator set up was fast and easy . But after putting the generator together , I could not get it started . After checking all the trouble shooting suggestions on the Briggs and Stratton website , I called customer service ... they finally suggested I take it to one of their authorized dealers -LRB- 15 miles away -RRB- . The problem
 Amazon had an incredible price on this when I bought it , and I could n't be happier.About a week after I placed my order , the delivery company wheeled it straight in to my garage -LRB- for free ! -RRB- and setting it up took about 10 minutes by myself.After doing some research , I learned that using synthetic 5W-30 oil was best in weather that 's below 40F -LRB- which describes Michigan for about half of the year -RRB- . I dropped a quart in , added some gas , and the generator fired right up.I did notice what sounded like misfiring , as another reviewer noted . However , as soon as I added an electric load , it went away immediately . After talking to some other generator owners , I found out that this is normal , and leaving a generator running with no load is typically not recommended.Overall , I could n't be happier with this purchase . I dare the elements to stand up to me now ! 2012 Update : You see a lot of updated reviews , and probably think '' ... and then it broke . '' but I 'm happy to report that my generator is still working fine , and keeping my house going as I type this.One thing I will mention
 I purchased the 7500 watt surge to 13,500 watt same unit much older . Got the unit week before hurricane Katrina glad I did ! We were out of power for 36 days between this unit , and one a little lower in wattage we have survived power outages in comfort . I use mobil 1 10w30 full synthetic changed every 75 to 100 hours this paticular unit has over 600 hours on it since 2005 only problem I had was with dirty fuel would reccomend this unit to friends , and family -LSB- got this unit for parents -RSB- . I run the whole house with exception of hot water heater , oven and dryer my house is total electric . This unit is worth it 's weight in gold to me .
 I could n't be happier with this item . It was easy to put together and to run for the first time . I had my house wired for emergency power and the electricians said this was a fantastic generator . They also told me that the price I paid was really good . Even when everything was online the generator did n't bog.It is a little loud but not excessively so.I would tell anyone it is a great deal and runs very well.I am a true believer in the quality of Briggs & Stratton . I have a lawn mower that is 35 years old and still going strong
 Fits on bike well and look forward to using it o the next overnight trip . Made well and has handy pockets .
 Found this bag from this vendor at a much better price than anywhere else.Shipping was very quick.This bag seems really sturdy and seems like it will hold it 's shape well.There 's enough room for a week 's worth of dirty laundry . Easy to install and remove from bike.I have mounted it to my luggage rack using the D-rings on the bottom , and a couple of bungees over the top . I 've got a 3000 mile trip planned for July that will be a good shake-down , but it looks like it will do fine .
 This is OEM quaility without the huge price . This same belt is over $ 60.00 at the dealer . The first Motorcraft belt I had on the was still going strong at 100,000 miles but I wanted to change before winter . EXCELLENT VALUE at Amazon .
 This is an excellent product . Love the Rams . Looks great on my car . Shows my `` diehard '' fan pride.Thank you
 There is no much to say about this Keyless Entry Remote . You just program it using the instructions and it works like a champ . oh yes something else , batteries included .
 Great purchase . My wife lost one of the two sets of keys / remotes Toyota gave us with our new 2004 Sienna . When the dealer quoted over $ 200 for the key / remote and programming , I balked and decided to stick to just the one key / remote set we had left . About a year ago the remote started acting funny . I replaced the battery several times but eventually it just died . I found this replacement on Amazon and based on the good reviews below I purchased one . It arrived quickly -LRB- First Class USPS -RRB- and I was able to program the remote within 5 minutes of opening the envelope and getting out to our van . Super easy ... it 's a no brainer . I 'll probably get a replacement key and another remote so we can have a backup set . ****** update 12-30-2012 ****** The remote still works perfectly . The original battery has not been replaced yet . Not much else to say . It does the job well .
 I have no problems with both the remote and the service . When I need another remote I will order from here again .
 Excellent product and super fast delivery . What more can you ask for ? The programming instructions must be followed exactly , but within 5 minutes I was all set , and for much cheaper than the dealer !
 We lost a set of keys , and the other remote we had was not working well . So we actually needed two remotes . A new one was over $ 100 at the dealership , so we decided to try a used one . This works great ! My husband followed the instructions provided and had it programmed in a few minutes . Now we will be ordering a second one . Thanks !
 it is not like new as mentioned but it worked , so i am OK with the product.and it worth its price . programming was easy.thanks ,
 Like everything I 've ordered from Amazon , this came quickly and was amazingly easy to program . I had shopped around on the internet and this was by far the best price .
 I bought a used 2004 Sienna with no key Fob , I ordered this one and it worked great . It was easy to program did n't take long , took about five to ten minutes .
 Kit worked great , no problems at all . Parts are extremely well made , everythings fit together well ans worked properly . Well satisfied .
 Wow - a total improvement over the electric choke that came on the Holley 390 carburetor . On the other hand their directions are HORRIBLE ! Utterly mind-blowing that Holley actually paid someone for writing these so called ` directions ' . A company of this caliber should not include such overwhelmingly BAD directions . The kit did not even include a parts list , a picture or a technical drawing so there was no way of knowing a part was missing until after the assembly . Holley 's customer service did mail the missing fast idle lever spring , but a week passed before the package arrived .
 GREAT ITEM TO SAVE ON GAS MILEAGE . MY ELECTRIC CHOKE HAD A WEAK SPRING AND CLOSED WHENEVER I SHUT OFF THE ENGINE AND IT DIESELED ALLOT . THIS FIXED THE PROBLEM AND ALLOWED ME TO ADJUST UP THE IDLE WHEN IT WAS COLD AND MADE IT SO I COULD CONTROL THE CHOKE BETTER .
 I was replacing the stock shocks on my Nissan Sentra SE-R Spec V. I liked the idea of the variable valving on these . It really does work . The ride is now MUCH softer than stock . I think it 's smoother than my wife 's 1.8 S Sentra . However , at the same time it still corners almost absolutely flat . So , my handling is still there . This is great for driving around Chicago 's streets.Highly recommended !
 Fit properly and does the job on my 99 Volvo S80 T6 , hope it lasts as long as the original hose it replaced .
 I bought this for my 69 Camaro restoration . The Moog brand is stronger built than OE and fits perfectly . I wanted the strongest , original appearing front suspension parts for my rebuild , and Moog is it !
 I bought this Moog inner tie rod to fix an alignment problem on my Ford Mustang . The shop could not align the car because the stock part was worn out completely . So I did the repair myself , which was fairly easy . The car would also sometimes just start to go off in a direction all on its own . The steering wheel would jiggle a little , and it would begin to slightly veer off into the next lane or something . Until I quickly corrected it of course . This part also fixed that problem . Don ' buy the cheap versions of this , because they wear out much faster and need to be replaced much sooner . You can find the same part in a different brand for much cheaper , but I personally would never buy them . Moog is a higher standard and I have had many technicians say that they see more cars come back to the shop for the same problems when they buy those cheapo replacements instead of something like Moog or Motorcraft or AC Delco.Oh there is one other thing that might help some random do it yourselfer . There is a little aluminum pin in the part that screws onto the power steering rack . Your new moog inner tie rod with come with a replacement pin . It looks like a little rivet almost , but its more of a pin . On the stock part that I had to get off , the pin was facing up and I was worried about it eating into the threads and making installation of the new part impossible . You do n't have to worry about that , just twist as hard as you can and shear that little pin right off . I did n't know that it was aluminum . It is . It will not hurt your threads on your rack so just wrench it right off of there . It may take some force though , cause the pin is there to see that the inner tie rod can never come loose and cause you to wreck and die . Also make 100 % sure that you install the new little pin on the new part . You need it .
 Great product , it fits my 2000 BMW 323i perfectly to specifications . No need to choose any other filter for your BMW .
 Easy installation , Lot cheaper than the stealer . So far so goodFits perfectly for my BMW 2003 325xiFast shipping
 The filter has an additional black foam layer at the bottom not seen with my prior filters . Car runs very well with this new filter so far !
 What 's there to review ? It fit perfectly into my 2005 BMW X3 3.0 L and it cleans the air . Nuff said .
 FRAM filters have no issues . I found the best price at Amazon . Seems to be a little thicker than the OEM brand for a BMW 300i but , overall , the fit and function are fine .
 At first I went the cheap route and ordered a Pentius model air filter . That did not turn out so well.Figured on the second go I would purchase something I knew would work , and get the job done , which is exactly what this does in a 2004 BMW 325xi . Looks good , goes in easy , fits well , and includes a second layer of protection under the paper filter -LRB- mine was white , not black like the picture -RRB- . And with a MIR , for a total cost of under $ 10 , you ca n't beat it .
 I should have read the reviews giving this air filter a red flag for a 2006 BMW Z4 3.0 si . This one is rectangular while the correct one has two 45 or so degree corners . The OEM part # is 13717542545 . I ordered the correct one today . Do n't rely on the `` select your car '' drop down results .
 I got delivery shortly after order , and found the filter to be exactly as I ordered . Know Fram to be a good name for filters , so getting a good product at half the local auto store price made me happy . It fit perfectly . I ordered two to get to the price level for free shipping , so I have the replacement now for a couple years down the road .
 Exactly what I needed . The description was exact and fits my BMW . Good for the price , no problem at all .
 Although I used the pull-down menus to select the year , make , model & engine size of my car AND was told this air filter will fit my car , once I received the air filter , it does not fit BMW Z4 's . I had to return the filter and look elsewhere for the correct air filter . The quality of the air filter is fine , it 's just the wrong size !
 100 % the best OEM replacement . MADE IN USA ! Just like what came on the truck when it was new . Do n't mess with that crap made in China . Get the good stuff and with Amazon 's free shipping it was a better price to do it right
 You can check your A/C fans by turning on your air conditioner , if you do both your fans should turn on , if they do n't you may have a fuse , relay , or motor problem with one or both . I confirmed that the motor was no longer working for my radiator fan by connecting wire leads directly to the battery from the connector socket coming off of the fan . This fan is replaces the left hand/driver 's side fan for US models . My shop had no problems swaping it out . The labor cost was $ 180 . It seems to be well made , we 'll see how it holds up .
 Fan assembly was exactly as ordered . Did take a little time to receive but was not a problem . Also tracking was not helpful . All in all price was outstanding . Could not be happier .
 I contacted Timken to get the correct part number for my truck before ordering from Amazon . I have never had a problem with american made products from Timken . Amazon 's price was over 100.00 less per side then any other seller . The installation was straight forward which I did in my driveway in about fours . No special tools were require unless you consider snip ring pliers special .
 Works great on my '94 Caprice . Just locate wiring in trunk and plug this connector in . Done ! Only took one minute . The days of cutting , splicing , soldering , and taping are over ! Your new wiring will then store in your trunk until you hook up to your trailer .
 I purchased the the covercraft seat saver for my Silverado pickup . The fit of the cover is nice a bit tight in the back section of the seat but overall fit nice . The color is misleading . I purchased taupe expecting a bit more brown as shown in the picturebit teh color is more beige , tan . the installation is fairly easy and straight forward .
 This product is advertised as a Keyless Entry Remote Fob Clicker for 2004 Toyota Tundra . I purchased it for my 2004 Toyota Tacoma . The programming instructions the remote comes with are only for the Tundra . Here are the steps to program it for your Tacoma :1 . Start with key out of ignition , driver door is open all others closed and drivers door unlocked .2 . Perform these steps within 5 seconds.A . insert key into ignition -LRB- do not turn -RRB- . Pull key out.B . insert key into ignition -LRB- do not turn -RRB- . Pull key out .3 . Perform these steps within 40 seconds.A . close then open drivers door.B . close then open drivers door.C . insert key into ignition -LRB- do not turn -RRB- . Pull key out .4 . Perform these steps within 40 secondsA . close then open drivers door.B . close then open drivers door.C . insert key into ignition and leave it in ignition -LRB- do not turn -RRB- . D. close drivers door.E . Turn key to ON position in ignition -LRB- DO NOT START vehicle -RRB- , then back to OFF.F . Remove key from ignition .5 . Within 3 seconds , the power door locks should lock then unlock automaticallyindicating successful entry into programming mode . -- Return to step 1 if the locksdo not cycle at this point .6 . Perform these steps in 40 seconds.A . Press lock and unlock buttons on remote simultaneously for 1.5-2 seconds.B . Immediately after releasing lock and unlock buttons , press remote lock buttonand hold for 2 seconds and release . Within 3 seconds , the door locks should lockand then unlock once indicating successful programming.NOTE
 Currently I 'm restoring the 77 VW Bus . I used this product for the aged rubber window seals and rubber floor mats . This product helped cleaning the aged rubber window seals and floor mats . I almost used it up . I 'll purchase it again .
 This stuff is amazing ! I read some very favorable reviews on other websites , and decided to try this to repair the rollers on my laser printer.Basically , you apply product and let it dry . That 's it.Before , the rollers would not grab paper anymore -- but now they are fine !
 I work on computers and printers , copiers , faxes quite often.I bought this thinking , `` What the heck . I 'll give it a shot . `` This stuff worked great on several printers and a fax machine that pooped out some time ago.The only problem I have now is that my clients had already replaced all their defective units and I inherited them . So now I do n't know what to do with all these printers , faxes , and copiers that seem to be working perfectly now . -LRB- hehe -RRB- Anyway . Buy the stuff . It 's great .
 After two years , the paper moving roller wheels inside my printer were not gripping the paper . No replacement wheels are available so my choice was try this product or scrap the printer . I sprayed this on Q-Tips , cleaned and dried the wheels completely and to my delight , the printer worked liked new . It 's still going strong and the large can was cheaper than the small bottle . I 'm hoping another rubber item needs rejuvenating as I have a lot left over .
 In the product description it said `` rubber cleaner and rejuvenator '' . When the item arrived , it is the `` rubber roller cleaner and rejuvennator '' that others vendor selling for double the price.It works perfect and my scanner 's page feeder and reverser now works like a new !
 My laser printer stopped picking up paper unless I helped it along by pushing the sheets . I used this stuff on the rubber pad that picks them up and it works like new . I also looked at the MSDS -LRB- material safety data sheet -RRB- for this product and found this product is the same as Martin Yale rubber roller cleaner which costs more .
 bought this to use on old 45 record player idler wheels that will turn the turntable but will slip when moving the tonearm with the additional load , it worked great !!! sprayed/cleaned them twice and they were like new ! I work on these alot and have several in my collection so this will really help . If you do need the idler replaced check out the folks at Voice Of Music for an exchange.TimCrosby texas
 I have rollers in a large-format scanner that had begun to harden and become slick from repeated cleanings with a standard cleaning solution . I used this product to clean and condition the rubber rollers and after only a couple of applications the rollers were back in original condition .
 We have 3 kids and were running out of room in our 2004 Toyota Sienna when taking trips . I do n't like packing everything around the kids so we broke down and bought this carrier . Boy do I wish I 'd bought it sooner . Fits the Sienna great and installation is simple and secure using the Thule clamps . We use it for all our trips now , even a weekend and grandmas , because it is so much nicer tossing the bags up top and leaving the cabin space clear .
 I needed storage in my Geo Tracker because my Lab takes up the whole back end . This did the trick . I received my cargo box in good condition . The only thing I needed to do was to install the clamps to connect it to my roof rack . The clamps are adjustable front to rear so installation was easy . Removal was just as easy , so I could run thru the car wash . I liked the dual side opening , it allows access from either side . It just clears my 7 foot garage door by 2 inches , so I have to be aware of places that I go for clearance . The smooth finish is easy to clean and looks good . The free shipping also made the price competative with buying local . My Lab is now able to ride in my Tracker all the time and she 's a happy camper .
 I 'm not saying I loved the price but this box is the only one I wanted . Perfect size for all my gear and it does n't hang over my dashboard or keep me from opening my hatchback .
 Installation could be better described . Wish I had this cartop carrier long ago . Much better than straping skis/boards to the top or putting them inside .
 After some research , I purchased the 677XT 1500 cargo carrier to maximize the capacity of my 2001 Dodge Durango . It fit perfectly to the existing factory cargo rails and was easily mounted in minutes . It has ample room for plenty of cargo and does not interfere at all with operation of the rear hatch door . At 70 + mph it made no noise and affected mpg only slightly . When not needed , it was taken off with no hastles as quickly as it was put on . It is light and easy to handle . A great product that was exactly what I wanted . SH , Rockford , MI
 This cargo box is a dream to install on a Toyota Sienna -- quick and easy . Having key locks on both sides of the box also eliminates the possibility of being locked out of it if a key is broken off in the slot . This box was a gift and I am now looking to buy one for myself
 fits just right on toyota 4runners with factory installed roof racks . easy to install/remove . can be opened on either side . pretty sleek design . no wind noise even at high speeds .
 Shipment arrived earlier than expected . Packaged safely . Easy to put on and remove from car top . Plenty of room inside .
 The cargo box is well constructed and the quick release mechanism was well thought out . The problem was that neither Amazon or Thule 's website could say whether the Cargo box will fit on the car without buying the adapter kit . I have a 2004 Nissan Pathfinder .
 Easy to install ... Easy to load ... No wind noise ... plus the open from either side feature and excellent locking hardware make the little bit extra I paid for a Thule absolutely painless .
 Easy installation on my 2001 Grand Caravan . A little tight getting the module into the jack compartment , but installed without much problem and works flawlessly .
 When I originally purchased my Van it Had a Bug Deflector , but that was 12 years ago , it sadly hasnt lasted as long as the Van -RRB-
 I am using this product for camouflage projects on rifles . I ca n't even scrape the paint off ! It dries quickly even in cooler temperatures !
 Easy install , made a huge difference , 97 ford ranger 4x4 4.0 single cab , works great and makes the ride alot better , higher in the front by about 2 inches , stiff but not bad at all , more than i would expect for the money , will be coming back to skyjacker to buy more.Also great finish , easy install as long as you undo the sway bars and push the A-arms down to put the springs in , not hard at all .
 The only bit of information I wish I would have found before purchasing these springs is any kind of statement regarding the load capacity . I took a gamble on them and so far so good . I purchased these springs to give my truck a little extra lift when I had my plow package installed . So far they are working perfectly , although the plowing season is only a month old . One of the factory springs broke the first year I plowed with them and I hope they do not fall to the same fate .
 Gates makes a good product and i have used them in the past . When i entered the vehicle it said that it did n't fit so i went on the gates site and ordered the hoses and they do fit my vehicle . The gates hoses are high quality at a cheaper price so if i can save a few dollars it 's worth the time .
 This item was purchased to replace front upper control arms of 2001 Audi A6 Quatro . Proper attention was given at order and proper part arrived . The installation requires numerous tools and substantial time , all the distances , bolt places and the upper connections are tight fits , but all in proper positions . When you had seen many of aftermarket trash made all for Audies , this purchase is a very pleasant experience .
 I love this . For such low price , I had to go to Dorman 's website to verify part number and it matched . Anyways , I had an annoying sound from my front each time I went over a bump . I was worried that it would be an expensive fix until a friend pointed out that I should change my control arms as my 2000 Audi S4 has seen more than ten years of use . After installation , I now have a car that rides like brand new . Considering I spent less than $ 150 for all four , I am loving it . Car rides like it 's on water and grips the road ten times better than before . It 's also very soft . I did change both upper on both sides . Control arm arrived fast as always . I have a Prime account .
 USA made and a perfect fit . Denso is a solid brand as numerous car manufacturers source parts from them . I 'm a happy camper !
 First ; the items arrived on time , in good order , at a more than fair price from this seller.Second ; they were installed on my 2004 Dodge Dakota Quad Cab SXT -LRB- 2-wheel drive , 8-cylinder -RRB- with no hitches or glitches.Third ; I 'm a happy man ! Pretty much how I want all things to happen in my life ... relatively easy , quick and painless!PS . It pays to do your research before you buy and I research the crap out of everything I buy . I hope this helps .
 Great Name brand Timken Bearing . Local Auto parts wanted $ -LSB- ... -RSB- with tax for same Timken Bearing . $ -LSB- ... -RSB- Shipped from amazon . Easy to install . Just need a 35 MM socket and a 185FTLB Torque Wrench . I will buy another for the other side soon .
 Very fast shipping , made it here before some other items I had ordered the same day . Very pleased with the product . Thank you for the awesome addition .
 In my attempts to actually follow the Presidential election this year , I have been extremely frustrated by Senator Kerry 's constant flip-flopping . While his supporters call it nuanced , the rest of us ca n't figure the man out because he has a different opinion for everything depending on what group he 's speaking to and the day of the week . There is one Kerry I really like , and one I fear would open this country up to our enemies.This sticker is a great jab at Kerry 's inability to state an opinion and stick with it . We know where Bush stands on issues . I doubt any Kerry supporter can define his position on anything . While this will make Democrats angry , I got a nice chuckle out of seeing this sticker .
 They got this filter right , as far as matching the correct filter with the correct car.You might check for the correct filter on the Fresh Breeze Cabin filter site .
 I got this `` soft '' rooftop cargo bag instead of the standard hard box because it was half the price but it turns out that it 's also very easy to use and store and exceeded my expectations . I was able to transport my whole family and all of their luggage without much space inside the car . I would highly recommend this product .
 This has been a good roof-top carrier for our camping trips , helping to free up some room in the car . It stayed dry inside even through moderate rain . No problems attaching it to the roof rack . I like that it folds up for storage , rather than taking up lots of room in the garage . Also , the flexible shape allows you to store odd-shaped things easily . No problems with wind noise and it did n't noticeably reduce our gas mileage . It seems well made and sturdy -LRB- time will tell -RRB- .
 solid piece of equipment , and so much cheaper than the whole rack and solid cargo carrier
 The Thule 866 Escape II Cargo Bag is everything I expected it to be . I have not used it yet but I can tell you it is constructed of heavy duty material and looks like it will live up to it 's billing . Zippers are large and the straps that come with it looks like they will do an adequate job of securing the bag to my roof rails and crossbars . I will do a follow up this fall when I plan to use the bag to free up room on my trip from Arkansas to Colorado and back . The bag packs into its own storage sack which can be used to store other items inside the cargo bag when it is put to use . I had read the other reviews of this product before I bought it and there was a mixed review on water resistance . The bag looks like it would keep items dry but as a precautionary measure I will use garbage bags as insurance to guarantee that fact . I bought some rolls of that rubber waffle type shelf liners to place between the roof and the bag to insure that the loaded bag does not scratch my roof . The bottom and the front/top of the bag is made with a heavier material to ward off the elements when traveling . It looks like it will be simple to attach to the roof rails and crossbars . The instuctions say to bind up any extra straps to keep them from flopping and beating your roof at speed . I probably will use those pull ties used to bundle up electrical wiring and cables . If you use those you will need to cut them when you remove the bag so take plenty of spares with you on your trip .
 I used this bag on a trip from NH to NJ and back.Feedback on said bag , after roughly 600 miles = A-It held a baby stroller , Four decent sized gym bags , and my sneakers . I had a LOT of room to spare . I really could have gotten away with a smaller bag for this particular trip , but once I fill it up with camping junk , the larger size will definately come in handy.I attached it via the factory rack on a 2005 Subaru Outback . I attached two front strap to the front , and the to rear straps were in the `` holes '' at the way back of the OB side rails.I had to pull over a couple of times as the excess on the straps worked they way loose and would slap around in the wind . I am going to work out a better system for securing the excess on future trips.Wind noise was minimal . MPG only suffered about 1 mpg -LRB- on board computer based calculations -RRB- . I ca n't speak for it 's ability to repel water as it never rained on the trip . I had brought trash bags to put stuff in just in case.Pros : - Cost - a HUGE bonus for me over the black boxes - Easy to use - VERY easy to store vs the black boxes - Fairly quiet - No significant -LRB- IMO -RRB- gas mileage loss.Cons : - Not that secure from theft as you can just cut the bag to steal stuff . Not an issue for us , because since we had the dog with us , we never left the car alone anyway . - Had to remove the bag once I got to the destination as it was empty and had no weight in it to hold it down . The install / removal , once I got used to the bag , was about 5 minutes each . Really not that big of a deal . - Straps and the factory rails were not a good match imo , as I could n't get everything REALLY tight , but the bag never moved at all during the trip , so it did work . I need to work on a better way of securing the excess . The straps that were tucked under the heavier gym bags stayed , but the lighter gym bags and the wind resistance made the straps come loose . I had to tie them around themselves to get them to stay.All in all , I 'd buy the bag again .
 We took this bag crosss country -LRB- 4000 miles -RRB- and lived to my expectations . We encountered snow storms , 14 plus continuous hours of pouring rain and the results were excellent . I had two North Face base camp duffles inside and everything was pretty dry -LRB- some minor dampness occured due to the extreme weather encountered -RRB- . The pros definitely outweighed the cons and I highly recommend this product .
 This is an awesome bag . Very well constructed . However , I had to place it directly on my roof and attach it to the side rails . As the bag slid back -LRB- just a couple inches -RRB- , the bottom of the bag scratched my roof a bit , especially on my way back as I did n't have an opportunity to clean it before I mounted the bag back on the roof and there were a couple dead bugs up there from sitting outside for days . Be careful if you care about the paint on your car 's roof getting scratched . Otherwise , very good product at a very reasonable price.BTW , I fit 4 adult sleeping bags , two large air mattresses -LRB- deflated -RRB- , two medium sized duffles and 4 pillows in this thing . Great capacity .
 With a week 's worth of luggage for two adults , a four year-old and two ten-year old dogs who insist on traveling with their own dog beds , there was no way our 2006 Chrysler Pacifica was going meet the need . We purchased the Escape II and it saved our vacation!We loaded the Escape II with two medium-sized suitcases , a rather large duffel , three shoe boxes , several smaller travel bags -LRB- shaving kit , cosmetic bag , etc. -RRB- , dog blankets and a fair bit more . Attaching the carrier to the roof racks took less than ten minutes and loading is a breeze.I was really impressed with the construction of the Escape II . Prior to buying it , I was wondering if it was a value for the price . But , having used it on this trip , the answer is an unqualified `` YES ! '' It is a quality product and although we did n't have any rain to test it , I 've got to believe that given its construction , this bag is as waterproof as any on the market.Its performance on the highway was equally impressive . Some wind noise due to my not having the straps tucked under , but that was easily remedied . The bag was very stable and did n't budge an inch . Additionally , I could n't feel much difference in the ride of the vehicle despite the higher profile and the size of the load at `` highway-plus '' speeds.We could n't have made this trip without the Escape II . I would recommend this product to anyone !
 Was just what we needed to make room in the suv for the family and our stuff ! Great storage option . Easily mounted , quiet and less air restriction than the old hard roofrack storage container we used to have . Excellent quality . I highly recommend getting one .
 I bought this in March before we drove 1700 miles from Maryland to Colorado . Needless to say I was very impressed with how much it would hold . I had a full military duffle and 4 large suitcases -LRB- plus other things -RRB- , and still had a little room to spare . Going across the country we ran into thunderstorms , sleet , freezing rain , and snow . Not once did I open the bag and find anything wet inside . The only minor complaint I have is that the cargo straps were a little difficult putting on the back of our van . I had to climb up on the back tires to secure it . Aside from this minor thing this is an excellent product .
 I bought this cargo bag to put on our Ford Escape to increase our cargo space . Having an 18 month child required us to pack very efficient but not anymore ! All of our luggage fits comfortable in the cargo bag . The bag is very durable and secures easily to the to roof cross bars . One nice feature is that it is completely waterproof . We drove through 4 hours of rain and not one drop of water got inside . The price may seem to be a little high but you get every penny back . I highly recommend this to anyone looking for that extra room !
 This is obviously not as secure as the black lockable boxes that are made by Thule , Yakima , etc. , nor does it have the apparent `` cool '' factor , but for the 3-4 times a year I would use it , it is perfect . I bought it about a month ago , and it sat folded up on a shelf in my garage since then . I imagine storing a large box would n't have been nearly so easy!It went on my car -LRB- Subaru Outback -RRB- very easily -LRB- first time install took about 15-20 minutes -RRB- . I was able to load my stuff in it . Gas mileage only suffered about 1 mpg for a trip from NH to NJ . Minimal wind noise -LRB- a Subaru is by no means quiet anyway ! -RRB- . I got to my destination , unloaded it and took the bag off and left it where I was staying . Will be relaoding it tomorrow for the trip back.No regrets at all . I was able to get in 6 small-medium gym bags and a baby stroller , and I had a good chunk of room to spare . My only suggestion would be to make sure the excess straps are good and secure , otherwise they slap you car with the wind . I ended up by tucking them under the bag , and that finally held them . -LRB- I can not speak about it ability to keep out water , as it did not rain on my trip . I took large trash bags to put my gym bags in just in case , but never needed them -RRB-
 The bag did exactly what we needed it to , hold all our stuff ! One large duffle bag , one medium duffle bag , small air mattress and two backpacks . So , why not a 5 star rating ? 1 . In cold weather the zippers were very hard to open and close . 2 . We added a few of our own bungee cords to secure it better to the roof rack , since our roof bars were not adjustable . 3 . You have to really make sure that the strips are tethered or they start flapping around and make a lot of noise . It did lower our mpg by about 1 , which is expected .
 Bought the Thule Escape II Soft-Sided Cargo Carrier 866 and just traveled 900 miles with it . Only 1 rainstorm , so I ca n't vouch for the water-tightness of it , though nothing inside got wet . The 2009 Subaru Forester I have has 38 inches of space of length between the front and back roof racks , and the Carrier 866 fit fine - even though the instructions recommend 40 inches . No question having both horizontal and vertical roof racks makes it easy to install and we had no movment during the 70 + + mph 900mile trip . No problems with the straps ; they were easy to connect and after using plastic zip strips to secure the excess straps , not a single one came loose on the trip . Loading was easy , like any rooftop carrier you have to stand on a wheel or in an open doorway to load effectively . Since we drove most of the night , a lot of bugs were on the front of the carrier - came off with some elbow grease and a bug sponge . For the $ 129.99 sale price - an excellent buy I hope continues to perform . I opted over the lesser expensive one -LRB- the 846 for $ 80 -RRB- after examining the two side by side at Sears ; no question the more expensive one is better constructed both inside and out , better and more strapping , inside liner , etc. . Looking at how many people threw there bags on their roof with loose straps and lopsided loading , I was glad I took the extra time and effort to mount it correctly .
 The first use of this cargo bag was a Spring Break trip from Chicago to the Florida Panhandle . Bag is sturdy , easy to use and waterproof -LRB- no leaking , and we experienced rain on the trip down to Florida -RRB- . Would recommend this bag .
 I was pleased with the car top carrier , except for one thing . I had left the carrier on overnight & it rained . The water pooled in the middle & soaked through . We just took it off & left it to dry , but now I know that you can not leave it on , if it rains . I did drive through some very heavy rains & the inside stayed dry , so it is OK while loaded , just not empty .
 I usually do n't write reviews for items . If you are looking for a rooftop bag please pay attention to size . I was VERY disappointed when I hooked it up to my Toyota 4-Runner and found I could n't pack as much stuff as I had planned . I once borrowed a friends rooftop bag and his no name bag must have been twice as big . The quality of this Thule bag is EXCEPTIONAL , packed it tight and drove 150 miles with no problems . I was able to pack one flat folding chair , a couple of chairs that were rolled up in those carry bags , a sleeping bag , a blanket and some tightly rolled towels , plus a few other small items tucked into the sides . I am only giving it four stars due to the small interior size of this bag . Hope this helps .
 Bought this cargo bag instead of a hard cased carrier , really for price and for storage options . We also only need something like this once or twice a year on family trips.We just used it for the first time -LRB- 3hr trip to the beach -RRB- . I 've got a 2002 Pathfinder with a stock roof rack . * Simple to install , everything fit fine . * Comes with a storage bag when not in use thats about 2.5 ft by 3 ft. * My vehicle drove perfectly , no extra noise and I did n't know that we were toting something on top . I had to remember before heading into the drivethru so I would n't bust it off . * I did n't try to pack it full on this first use , but we were able to get a baby stroller in there -LRB- a big travel system thing , not an umbrella stroller -RRB- . I also put in a regular sized roller-board bag , along with a couple of other smaller bags that I could contort a bit . * Only took 20 minutes to open box and get up , and now it will probably take 5 going forward.Great product so far , if something starts to fail I will repost .
 We purchased this softsided cartop carrier to basically to hold one daughter 's college-bound belongings so we could load the trunk with the second daughter 's things . The Thule worked perfectly . We were amazed at how much it held , but we did limit its load to soft things such as clothing and bedding . Heavier and more sensitive items -LRB- computers , printers -RRB- went into the trunk for safety . We made the drive from Western PA to Alabama without a problem . When we spent the night before move-in in a hotel , we simply detached the Thule from the top of the car and carried it into our hotel room like a great big duffel bag . And it was so nice that when the daughters were safely delivered , the carrier simply folded up and stowed in the trunk for future use .
 This bag does n't look like much , although it is pretty sturdy and worth the price . We drove from Virginia Beach to Temecula , California with this bag on the top of our 2002 Jeep Grand Cherokee and it far exceeded our expectations . I had intended to buy a hard luggage roof container , but this was far cheaper . It held its shape perfectly and protected its cargo . I later realized I had overloaded the bag by about 50-75 pounds , but you would n't know - the bag held together fine . We took about two weeks to drive from coast to coast , logging numerous miles on side trips and stops - we usually left the bag on the roof but in a few locations took it off for security - it was minimal effort to remove -LRB- about 5 mins -RRB- then replace the next morning . It is also important to note that we did find inclement weather -LRB- hard rain -RRB- going through South Carolina , Georgia , and Louisiana . I was worried because I had left some important documents in the suit case on the roof , but no worries - there was not even condensation in the roof bag ! Bottom line - well worth the cost , very durable , easy to install and remove , protects against the elements . Only suggestion - include more straps 4 was not enough - we bought 2 32 '' bungie cables to ensure the load did n't shift .
 After deciding to take the dog on our family vaycay , we realized we needed help with space ! The Thule 866 Escape was easy to install and held a LOT of our stuff . We spotted many of them on the road and will never go on a trip without it again !
 Excellent quality construction and design . Easy to attach to vehicle . Good closure - zipper covered by velcro-fastened flap , and extra straps for tightening . Light weight but sturdy . Good capacity - I had 2 medium and 2 small bags , plus 3 beach chairs and towels , and probably could have squeezed in some more .
 After just one trip from Chicago to the Ozarks , I can honestly say the positive reviews for the Thule 866 Escape 2 cartop carrier were right on the money . It attached to my 2004 Freestar roof rack with ease ; I stuffed it with 4 good sized duffle bags , one backpack ; A medium suitcase ; a tri-pod ; and I STILL had room for more odds and ends . That left more room in the minivan for the 6 passengers.I followed the advice and used some duct tape on the straps to prevent them from flapping and it worked great . We drove thru some pretty hard downpours on the way down and nothing got wet . It folds up with ease and stores in its own carry bag . I ca n't vouch for the longevity of this carrier since we 've only used it once , but it seems pretty sturdy . The only negative I can think of is having to wipe off the bugs before putting it away , but even that was n't too bad with just some wet paper towels . Overall , I 'm VERY glad I got this carrier instead of the more expensive hard-top carriers .
 In our thule escape we carry one double sleeping bag -LRB- a huge cotton duck coleman deal -RRB- , two rolled up king size denim blankets , two pillows , an air mattress , it 's pump , our columbia bugaboo tent , and a smaller blanket for padding laid flat across the bottom . It 's huge , and durable , and pretty water proof when driving in the rain . Things will be damp , but no standing water after the drive.Oh and if you are n't severely challenged , it 's a breeze to strap to the top of the car .
 Just finished at 900 mile trip in my Jeep Liberty Renegade using this Thule carrier . It was excellent !! Easy to attach and load up . Very sturdy construction . Two minor cons - you have to take your time with the zippers so that they do n't get caught up in the material and you have to be careful to stow away the excess straps so that they are n't flapping against your roof . I got this on sale for $ 119 a few weeks ago , if you are looking for something sturdy , that can be easily stored , I would definitely recommend this . Very happy with it , and just lent it to my father to use as well.Update - 9 September 2008 . This thing has been great . Just a note ... no further problems with the zipper . Worked great in the rain on several occasions and my dad has used this thing a gazillion times . Also , if you are using this on a car with no front rails , do n't worry , it works great ... just move the front straps to the second set of side rail loops and hook around the side rails , just be sure to get both straps in front of the middle post on the side rails . Works AWESOME !!
 We bought this bag for a trip from California to Utah and back again . On the way to Utah we had no trouble -LRB- or weather -RRB- . The bag held a lot of stuff and fit nicely on our Yukon XL . On the way home we encountered severe snow storms and below freezing temperatures . Everything stayed completely dry but one of the buckles broke when we stopped to tighten the strap . Maybe it just could n't handle the temperature .
 I used this bag on our recent trip from Utah to southern california . Install was very easy and the bag holds 2 large suitcases with room to spare.During the trip down we ran into several rainstorms and the inside of the bag stayed completly dry.Be sure to tuck all of the straps in tightly or they will drive you nuts slaping on the roof . Very happy with the quality of construction of this product .
 Outstanding . Leakproof . Easy to use . Holds lots of luggage and gear . Stows away in its own carring bag . Great buy .
 I used this to travel 2700 miles from Atlanta to San Francisco and it was worthwhile carrier . It is pretty spacious and fit lots stuff for a soft carrier -LRB- 15 cubic feet -RRB- . Most soft carriers are smaller and more flimsy . This is a tough piece but totally light and portable . Its made of thick canvas covered by thick plastic covers/flaps for water protection . It also has a lot of padding . Per a friends suggestion , I put a few rubber kitchen drawer liners between the carrier and my roof to protect my roof in case it moved but it did not . It rained on part of the trip and my stuff was safe.It can be put on by one person and fits to all racks . I have a vibe hatch back and many of the hard top carriers do not fit on my car because the roof rack is short compared to SUVS . This could easily fit from an SUV or a small carIf you are looking for a soft carrier that is tough this is a good option .
 I did about 1200 miles with this bag on top of my Vibe . Plenty of room for the dogs in the car and plenty of room for our stuff in the bag on top . I 'm truly amazed by how much this thing holds.I did n't hit any rain , but it did fine when I took it to a coin operated car wash to blast off a thick layer of West Texas dust.BTW
 Immediately I got to the products , initiated the installation of new windows motors of A1 Cardone replacing old motors in my car Mercury Cougar . The electrical motors functioned properly , are quieter and rotate quickly . For now , I am pleased with the quality of products A1 cardone .
 Nice piece and fit well ! I will put covers on six lights on my Jeep !! Made in USA ! Rare to find Made in USA anymore ?
 Pro : - Light -LRB- when empty -RRB- , about 40 pounds so it 's easy to lift on to the car roof-Set up took about 15 minutes , which included adjusting our original factory roof racks-Holds 11 cubic feet , that 's not a small amount of stuff-Black color will resist ice and snow build up-Came with locks and 4 keys-Opens from both sides using a clever system ... note
 I have never had a cargo box before this one so I can not compare it to others ... I can however ; recommend this box after traveling cross country with it.We put this on a 2006 Explorer and traveled cross country on a 5200 mile road trip . The box has only slight wind noise and we did n't notice any reduction in our gas milage.We filled the box with about 60 pounds of `` stuff '' and never had to worry about it.I think this one looks cool too .
 This product is everything that I expected . Lightweight , quick and easy to install and stable and quit on my vehicle . The hinge feature that allows the box to open on both sides is very convenient and functional as it allows better access to your cargo which may otherwise be difficult to reach . I would recommend this rooftop carrier to anyone .
 I bought this Thule because it came highly rated from my brother-in-law who had it on his Jeep Grand Cherokee . I have a Honda Pilot.First time installation took a while to figure out , but once I oriented myself it was a breeze.The placement on the Honda Pilot could be slightly more forward -LRB- towards the front -RRB- . I have the crossbars as far front as they could , and the rear in the right place to line up with the Thule installation holes . Problem I have is when I lift the rear hatch , my rear hatch window wing hits the back of the Thule.I will have to make a small modification to the Thule -LRB- dremel about a 1/4 inch on the slide rails -RRB- to place the thule 1/4 inch farther to the front.Otherwise , it 's a great product.When buying ensure you go thru the Thule wizard for the sizing of the Thule to your vehicle . The Cascade is a discontinued model so it was no longer available . Based on my brother-in-laws fit up , I thought my would be a breeze as well . My own short-sightedness .
 This was perfect for our trip . We did have a little trouble with it not securing tightly to our factory roof rack after it was full of stuff . It slid from side to side when we turned corners . We were able to do some creative engineering and getting it to hold properly . It is a great carrier and it held a ton of stuff .
 This item worked well for me . I 've replaced a few power window motors before so it was n't very difficult . I did have to drill out a couple of holes through the door panel to access bolts -LRB- 2000 Ford Windstar -RRB- . But on previous motors I 've replaced the existing wiring just plugged in . This is the first one that I 've done that required me to cut the connector off the existing wiring and then use crimp connectors to attach it . The other problem with this was their instructions say to match up the colors of the existing wires to the wires on the new motor . The wires on the new motor are red and yellow and the existing wires in the door are black and orange . I connected the red to black and yellow to orange and it seems to work fine .
 I couldnt get my wife in my convertible with the top down , it really played havoc on her hair . Bought this wind deflector and 90 % of the wind is gone now . GREAT product , but expensive . It was worth it though .
 I desperately needed something to difuse the wind as my hair was going all over the place . I have medium length hair but is not long enough to tie or pin back ... . This absolutely cuts down on the wind drag but it 's just plastic and mesh . . It is factory certified but still ... . Probably costs less than $ 30 to manufacture .
 This is a must have if you have a BMW Convertible ... what a difference!You can actually carry on a conversation with the top down ...
 With this installed in the 650i Convertible , there is virtually no wind with the 4 side windows up . Even with all windows down , the wind is drastically reduced . I 've had the car over 100Mph -LRB- on a closed race circuit of course ... -RRB- , and it works really well . Having the back window up does n't seem to help any further , and if you have tint it makes it harder to see through the rear view mirror -LRB- especially because of the black mesh -RRB- . You will notice a slight breeze coming in from between the driver and passeger seat over the center column , due to the fact there is a small gap in the back center of the top piece -LRB- where the screen mounts into the back seat mounting points -RRB- . Overall , very expensive , but worth it for a night out with your wife -LRB- 's hair -RRB- or a drive on a cool day .
 This thing actually makes a significant difference in wind . I just which it was n't so pricey for a piece of plastic mesh
 install easy i expected a little stiffer pedal but other than that the clutch works great . i would buy and recommend this clutch
 It 's the same part offered at Autozone -LRB- and nearly any other local parts store -RRB- , it 's just half the price . I purchased it from Amazon for around $ 45 -LRB- with free 2 day prime shipping -RRB- , instead of $ 90 at the store . There is no vibration when the truck is running ... so if it does n't rust off the crankshaft , it was an excellent buy .
 Fits exactly in the part the package of shipping has good size , the quality of the product is good now is install in my grand Cherokee 2006 and is working
 Bought this pipe to go with a Walker 21423 Quiet-FlowSS Muffler and tail pipe . Everything fit well and installed easily . It 's not mandrel bent other wise it would have gotten 5 stars . It was a very good price for an OE replacement exhaust .
 It fit as if it were a factory item.Mark D. AveryPortsmouth Naval Shipyard Cancer Victim
 Good quality hose , decent price.It 's a bit longer than the hose it replaced . I had to cut it shorter . Even so , it takes a gorilla to install it . It helps to slip a small screwdriver between the hose and the metal fitting you 're trying to slide it onto , then rotating the screwdriver around the fitting.What really made the job possible was a bit of grease applied to the fitting .
 timkin bearings always have been the best you can but and still are , all i trust for me and mine .
 This Comp Cam was recommended for my 88GT 347 stroker right from Comp Cams tech department . I have not started it yet , but from what I have read this is a perfect cam for my project . The best part is that I brought it off of Amazon $ 50 dollars cheaper then anybody else !! Even Comp Cams could not sell it to me this cheap at the National Hot Rod meet in Kalamazoo , Mi last September , In fact they told that I could not buy it for the price I paid ? They were wrong !!! Thanks Amazon , RGH
 Looks identical to the original Toyota filter at half the cost . Be carefull not to accidently disconnect any hoses when you lift the filter cover , if you do your check engine light will come on a day or two later and will go back off a few days to a week after hose in corrected . Your car will breathe easy with a new filter installed .
 This is basically the OEM Toyota filter for the 4 cylinder Camry . The only thing that is missing is the red and white Toyota box and about $ 12 on the sticker price .
 Good OEM replacement for denso part but at much lower price . Fits well into 2005 camry 4 cylinder like advertised . No frame around filter but I 'm not sure how much that matters .
 Denso makes the OEM Toyota filter as well . Just removed my original from my 2005 Toyota Sienna and this one is exactly the same ! $ 15 is a good deal in my opinion .
 Writing my review to let people know that this product perfectly fits my 2003 Limited Edition Toyota Highlander . As anyone who owns one knows , changing the filter is a huge pain , but this one fits just right so that you can snap that lid down again without breaking the clips . Seems to be a good quality filter as well , we will see how dirty I make it .
 This filter is a perfect fit and is much cheaper than the factory original . Places charge way too much to put these in for you . It is simple to install and totally worth it .
 I think this is the same as supplied with the car . I ca n't be sure because I 've thrown my original away long ago . Just be sure to keep in mind you have to position this in a particular direction because one of the corners is keyed to be put into one particular corner of the filter box . Otherwise you wo n't be able to close the box completely . Also in my case , I accidentally pulled loose one of the small air hose when I opened the air box and did n't notice it until my check engine light came on . The end that came loose is opposite of the end that connects close to the air box , so it was n't obvious that it came off .
 I revert to DENSO filters because the fit is perfect . This product is original equipment and you get a good deal buying from Amazon than from a dealership . This is a do-it-yourself 3 minute job changing your filter , no tools required . Highly recommend this product .
 I was impressed for price that it was close to OEM and feel for teh price I would buy again !
 Great filter . Fit as it should . Good quality . My engine can breath clean air & perform well . Do n't want to write more words , Your car needs clean air .
 Used this on a 2005 Camry . This filter is exactly the same as factory . The triple layering filter technology is only found here . This is the only replacement filter I recommend . And at 10 bucks off dealer price . It ca n't be beat .
 It is the same brand name Denso was used in 2005 Toyota Sienna LE with light pink color . Made a purchase before CA tax applied on it .
 I replaced air filters in two Toyotas
 I believe that Denso is the OEM supplier for Toyota . This is definitely is OEM quality . Changing air filter on Sienna is a little dirty and tedious but not too bad . all you need is to loosen -LRB- not remove -RRB- 2 10mm screws . The one in the back is a little hard to reach without a long stem nut driver or socket with extension .
 The feel and quality is way above the OEM . There seems to be multiple layers of filter , with fuzzy on top
 Great air filter , exact fit to my Highlander and only different from original Toyota filter is Toyota lable on the filter and the Box . Thank Amazone for offering OE Quality automotive product with discount price . I also purchase Denso O2 sensor and it is also perfect fix .
 Good filter for a good price . It fit perfectly in my 03 Camry and it took less than 5 minutes for the change .
 Take oem filter out and compare with the amazon item . They are identical . Very satisfactory with the price .
 Perfect fit . Looks like OE . The old one was slightly dirty after 12000 miles in Los Angeles . Next time I will change it after 10k miles .
 This was a very nice part . The Quality looked great . Hanger brackets were in all the right places . Welds on flanges and brackets look A1 . Over all part was a nice fit with bends in all the right places with no probles clearing under side of car and cross mmembers and also at a very good price !
 We have been very pleased with the DashMat . It fits well and looks better than I expected . The price was excellent . It should help save the dash from the effects of sunlight .
 The mount is pretty simple to install and looks quality built . This mount has been on my jeep for one season of 4 wheeling , so far so good ! The factory mount broke apart after a couple times last summer so I knew I needed something a little better .
 Even though these are transmission mounts , they can also be used as engine mounts on some older toyotas . It worked , but I have a vibration problem I 've been trying to fix , and this made it worse . I could see how these would give the engine more power had it worked . Also they are cheaper than buying regular engine mounts .
 The pictures do n't do this justice . It looks GREAT on my semi-restored 84 S10 . It 's not nearly as `` blingy '' as the picture implies and it 's not stubby but not to skinny either . Trust me on this , it looks much better in person so just give it a shot .
 great bulb , very bright . dont listen to the other reviews , if you want a blue light look other places , the blue in the title refers to the coating on the bulb which provides a great cool white which is actually what you want for visibility at night , not blue . if you look on hellas website they say exactly this .
 i bought these i think these are the brightest bulbs you can get before going to hids i use them on my o2 pathfinder as fog lights and i will be putting them in the headlights as so as they go
 I bought a bottle from the supermarket . It works wonders on heavy dirt , even without rinsing first . I just dumped a bucket of water on each tire and wheel , and the whole thing came out clean .
 I install on my 2001 kia sportage.Look good do the job and easy to install , just two small screws and the Velcro .
 I was looking for a grey sheepskin cover for the longest time . I could n't find any around here than would stretch over my steering wheel . I am very pleased that I could find one on Amazon .
 I ride my fatboy without a helmet and without a windshield ... I do n't ride with perscripted glasses under so no comment about fitting over other glasses , but I wear them because love the oversized goggles look . I have two pair , one clear and one smoke . These are totally comfortable . They keep the wind out at highway speed . There is no hesitation to recommend these . They are durable . I 've had mine for 5 + years . I wish they had a mirrored lense , that is my only complaint .
 The Gates radiator hoses that I purchased fit exactly and are Gates quality . The pricing is less than half of auto parts store pricing .
 what more can one say about an ageless product like gunk !! even the name brings back memories even as i use it today ! gunk really fits the bill for many cleaning applications . its almost a do all product for automotive needs so if you need to clean a carburetor to you grandsons bikes chain ! gunk is your product . we think so !!!
 This is awesome . Was n't sure if I should put it on the inside or outside of the window though , some instructions might have been nice .
 Fits perfectly , if Toyota offered a rubber cargo mat , this would be it . Amazon 's price was half of what every other retail offered .
 the weather tech cargo mat fits the back cargo area of my Toyota Prius fine . It 's a good thick plastic , good tight fit .
 This is an excellent product for a great price . It arrived quickly and was exactly as advertised . Thanks .
 Got this mat from Amazon for half the price I had seen elsewhere on the web . This was purchased for my 2008 Prius . Great fit , durable . I can not imagine my car without the mat . It has protected my interior from paint chips , dirty shoes & bulky school backpacks . If you like to take good care of your vehicle , the weathertech cargo tray is a must !
 Although I had a carpet type cover for the back of my Prius , this cargo liner fit beautifully and retains its shape and can be easily cleaned . It also prevents items from sliding around also due to its raised areas .
 Before I purchased this item , I read the helpful reviews on Amazon . As many stated , the 40268 Weathertech mat fits perfectly in the cargo area . While the vendor said it might take a while to receive due to demand , I was surprised to see UPS deliver it two days later . These guys are on the ball . The mat is worthy of the price .
 Wonderful products that just fit , and clean up with ease keeping the carpet clean with all the dirty items I carry tools , fertilizer , manure , etc. . This has resulted in the past with better resale value for my cars , for they look great when I sell them .
 This product was delivered on time , when promised , and fit perfectly . I would have no hesitation ordering from WeatherTech again .
 The Prius cargo mat is a perfect fit . The quality is excellant.thanks again , John Creel
 Perfect product to keep the cargo deck clean and dry . This product fits the deck perfectly and is easy to clean .
 The cargo liner arrived in a couple of days , has a nice fit and looks good . Nothing bad to say about the experience .
 Compare with other floor mats maker , WeatherTech is considered # 1 in quality . It is designed to cover every corners to prevent dirt from getting into the floor below . That is all purpose of buying this product . Beside , it is beautiful and fit perfect into the floor . We have them in all our cars . It is little pricey , but will get pay off when resell our car .
 I bought this so my dog could stay in the back of the car and it is perfect . It is durable and in great condition even though I bough it used .
 Now that we have the correct cargo liner , check on the correct liner style number using the manufacturer site as Amazon Site may not have the correct style number . Fit is terrific , I expected no less since I had others from this same manufacturer , WEATHERTECH . Quality can not be beat.Got on time as promised .
 Fit my Prius to a `` T '' ! Conforms to the shape of your vehicle , nice and deep , made to last for years . We live in the country , lots of mud , leaves , hay , snow , etc. . Just pull them out and wash them off with a hose - We bought sets for the front , back and cargo area . They paid for themselves when a gallon of milk leaked - and was all contained by the cargo mat . Love 'em .
 I wanted something to protect the new Prius and this was ordered and delivered in no time . It fit as advertised - perfectly ! I would definitely order from this vendor again .
 This mat is a perfect fit for the cargo area of my 2008 Prius . It looks like the car came from the factory this way - and indeed it should have ! While the listing says it is designed for the 2004 - 2007 Prius , rest assured it works perfectly in the 2008 as well .
 This is a perfect cargo protector for my Prius . It is waterproof and allows me to haul wet garden plants and soil without fear of ruining the carpet underneath . The raised lip around the edge prevents liquids from migrating beyond the mat too . Perfect fit and smart looking . It actually augments the look of my Prius . Thanks !!!!
 This liner comes rolled up so let it sit overnight or it may be frustrating to see the corners curl up when you get it . It was good to remove the old one that slides around and is pretty useless.This fit the 2002 prius nicely . It also has notches for the straps in the corners of the trunk . I am a picky customer and there is not much missing from this product . The only downside is accessing the compartment below the liner but there is enough flex in the material to roll or force up without problems . Other Prius owners have asked where I got the trunk mat.I would get more products from this company because of the attention to detail and it is made in the USA . Minimal carbon footprint on shipping and support MacNeil Automotive , a domestic company .
 Excellent quality product , but very high priced . Amazon price was about half of other places . Fits better than factory parts , looks great , no odor like some rubber mats . I 'm hard to please , and I am very pleased with this purchase .
 The rubber mat fit my Prius very well and has protected the carpeting . The lip contains both spilled liquids and dirt . Thanks , Amazon !
 I bought this for my 2008 Prius . It works great and fits my car perfectly . It has already saved my carpet a few times . I can now haul flowers and gardening items with no worries :0 -RRB- October 11 , 2008This is still a great product , but the price has more than doubled since I bought it .
 Like others report , a perfect fit on our 2008 Prius - and good quality , too . Highly recommended.Later
 This is a great product , it will fit your Prius perfectly . But , do n't be fooled , not all Weathertech products fit - the floor mats wo n't fit your Prius .
 First , the flimsy back deck of the Prius is a problem . Gentle use leads to scuffing . This product handles that while also keeping cargo from sliding around too badly . It fits perfectly as you 'd expect . But . . over $ 100.00 plus shipping seems like about twice as much as it should cost . -LRB- just an opinion , mind you -RRB-
 Amazon 's affiliates had the best price , the fastest response time and the product fit perfectly .
 This is a heavy well made filter , with a silicon ADBV valve . It features the same internal construction as the OEM Toyota filters . If the price is above $ 4.50 just wait it will come down . They make a excellent item to get your order up to $ 25 for free shipping .
 Toyota oem replacement and many other manufacturers . Same exact filter used by your local Toyota dealer as of 4/2010 . I bought the air filters too , exact replacement . . just does n't say Toyota on the part . See other Denso products sold by Amazon for oem quality and save some $ $ $ !
 This item fits my 1995 honda accord . Fram is a excellent company making parts for any brand of cars or trucks . I would highly recommend it .
 Great service , ordered for a friend as a surprise gift . Would order from here again in the future ! Super job
 i really admire Oliva and her work the sticker is awesome ... my collection is almost completethank you for the fast and secure delivery
 This is an awesome product but did not fit my 2000 Honda civic ex coupe , I went with a different K&N design . I went with the typhoon series and it fits .
 I am building a welding trailer and have not finished it yet . This hitch seems to be exactly what I ordered .
 Replaced my stock valley pan gasket just fine . I originally bought edelbrock performance gaskets but do n't buy those unless you have shaved heads . They were too thick for my intake -LRB- performer 455 by Edelbrock -RRB- . If you are doing a mild motor build and have stock heads , this is just fine . P.S. . When you receive it , you do need to bend the gasket to fit .
 The purpose of these are to relocate your mirrors to the frame of the Jeep from the door , so you can remove the doors and still have mirrors . They work great when the doors are off ! The only drawback is when the doors are on . The right mirror is hard to see unless you position it correctly . And even when it is positioned where you can see it , you have to be careful not to open the door to hard because it might swing into the mirror . I have a few small dents in my door from hitting the mirror . After playing around with it for a little bit , you should be able to configure it so it does n't hit the door , and you can still see it while driving .
 Good sturdy product . The mirror on the right side becomes almost unusable with the doors on . Doors off ... perfect . Not a perfect product but still glad I purchased the product .
 Reasonable price , solid construction . I got just what I thought I would . It is hard to see the passenger mirror with the doors on , a small convex mirror stuck in the corner of the passenger mirror makes it more useful with the doors on . Doors off it 's very nice -LRB- but not necessary in my state -RRB- to have the mirrors . I had to tighten up the door leashes so when the doors are installed they do n't hit the mirrors .
 I had those relocators for four years now . And they are still rust free , paint is still as new although I do wheel in extreme weather conditions .
 This product was purchased as a new item . It was received by me in a very timely manner . No long wait time with the shipping . It came in new packaging and was exactly what I ordered . Perfect match for what I was looking for and perfect for my car . Even though this did n't fix the problem with my car , I would recommend this product and this seller to anyone ~ !
 I install garage doors for a living , and this impact is ideal for this work . Lightweight , plenty of torque , small size gets in tight spaces . I run 5/16 x 1 1/2 lags all day , it works great . If you are n't carefull , it will snap them off !!!! Used to use a standard 1/2 impact , NO MORE , just ordered my second one today . Highly recommend this unit . Davethedoorman .
 The filter fit well , getting it in and the cover back on is another issue . Boy Toyota made that into a tough one .
 What can be said other than it 's a Fram filter . It was ordered on line along with a filter for another car , saving about 35 or 40 % under local store prices .
 It Works , it is way cheaper than what the dealer wanted . It takes a little bit of time , as the airbox is located in a tight spot , but overall less than a 10 minute job .
 I need a air filter for small duration . Stock KNF filter was due for a good cleaning and I need a replacement filter for a day or two . This filter serves its purpose very well in my 2003 Camry -LRB- 4 cyl -RRB- . Fit was perfect . Amazon warehouse deals are awesome - I paid $ 7 for a brand new filter !
 It 's the corrcet air filter for my car . It came quickly , it fits . What more can you ask for ?
 It fits my Lexus ES330 fine and the price is a bit lower that at the local auto stores . Although I would n't use Fram oil filters -LRB- I use K&N -RRB- for an air filter it is just fine .
 I did not realize that I could purchase my automotive supplies from amazon . I got this filter for my wife 's car . It fit perfectly and I saved a bundle .
 The Fram filter is very good . But for the money take a look at Mann filters . The FRAM was similar in quality but the price was much more than Mann . By the way , do not waste your money buying K&N filter products . They are good in quality but their cost do not justify there outrageous prices . Just do your research and you will see for yourself .
 Jiffy guys asked me 50 $ for this for 2008 Sienna.I bought it from amazon and changed it myself . saved $ $ .
 Fits my 2002 Toyota Camry perfectly . Excellent name brand quality at 30 % less than the price that local auto parts stores charge .
 Great filter at a great price , that I installed in my 2007 RX350.It fits perfectly and it saved me time and money .
 This filter IS exact replacement for the Toyota filter in the 2002 Camry . Fram directions are WRITTEN -LRB- rather than the lazy reliance on incomprehensible diagrams some manufacturers substitute -RRB- . However opening the filter container on the engine is not described accurately . The container is held cloaed on one side not by clips but by machine bolts that need to be loosened . Even when the bolts are loosened it is a hassle to open the filter case . Of course that problem should be blamed on Toyota not Fram .
 Took me some time to take apart my car 's air filter box , but this filter popped right in . Could definitely hear and feel the difference from a dirty filter to a new filter
 I 'm Happy I 've received what I have ordered . mostly because I got it on time , that shows that you are dealing with a very responsible vendorThanks
 Fits like a glove . Enough said . Arrived clean and works as intended . Search for onza04 on YT if you would like to see a YT video on how to install it on a Toyota Highlander 2006 LE . thanks !
 I replaced this filter on my 2007 Toyota Highlander . Note that to replace the filter you first release the two clips . Then you open the cover half way pivoting the cover on the hinge . Then slide the cover to separate the hinge . This will allow you to lift the cover enough to replace the filter .
 We usually take our Camry to the dealer to get serviced . Went to -LSB- ... -RSB- / b/c of time . They said my filter was old and offered a replacement for $ 30 . It was already replaced by the dealer . But decided to buy a filter online anyway for the next replacement . Point of the story is you get better deal online if you can change the air filter yourself . I saved $ 20 from generic brand at Oil Changers and $ 6 + of the same Fram at an auto parts store .
 I installed with no problem and noticed my car is more responsive and is more alive with the new Fram air filter . Fram air filter is cheaper compared to OEM and I know it will save me gas . Also I like Amazon website because they tell you if the air filter -LRB- or other auto parts -RRB- will fit your car . For example a couple other web sites told me a particular light bulb will fit my car but it did n't . When I checked against Amazon it correctly told me NO . Kudos to Amazon .
 Fit my 09 Toyota Highlander . It was easy to install and literally took about 5 minutes . I did not know before , but many new cars have a cabin filter too . It is worth replacing both at the same time . Mine was really dirty .
 Perfect replacement for OEM engine air filter . I always recommend visiting the manufacturers website and double checking to ensure the product you buy will fit your particular vehicle - This way you will never buy the wrong part !!! Great product , I would buy again .
 Now the minivan goes 0-60 2.5 seconds ! Ok , so maybe not that good . But the filter arrived in good shape and dropped right in without a problem .
 The filter fits as it should . No noticeable loss or improvement in performance , but I do n't track my mpg that closely .
 Drop-in fit for my 2002 Toyota Camry . Easily save fifty dollars by doing it yourself . Be sure the seal is on the correct side during install .
 I 've had these wipers on my cars for over six months now . I bought them hoping for original equipment quality without an original equipment price and that 's what I got . They still wipe like new . Much better quality & price than I 'd pay at my local auto parts store . The instructions were somewhat lacking but they were easy to install on both my Toyota and Mazda vehicles.I have n't experienced the skipping issue the earlier reviewer warned about . Could be the spring/arm part of his paper is weak .
 The Monroe Shocks were the proper item for my pickup truck and seem to be doing what they are supposed to do . I was n't thrilled with the 13 days I had to wait to get them but alls well that ends well .
 High quality air filter for about half of what the auto parts stores are charging . Last just as long as the more expensive ones .
 I expected this to be a little bit bigger , but the size is perfect . It hangs just below my keys after attaching it to my current keyring . It also seems pretty scratch resistant too . I thought it would get really scratched up rubbing against my keys , but it still looks great . I am very happy with this purchase and would recommend it to a friend ... If any of my friends drove a BMW .
 It 's just a keychain , with a nice 5 and a diminutive BMW emblem on it . Nothing else here . So for the price it 's a bit expensive , but if you 're a BMW fanboy and you have a 5 series , you ca n't go wrong with it . Let 's see how the chrome holds up with time . So far no scratches or stains .
 There are many BMW keychains out there . . but this simple steel keychain with the &#34; 5 &#34; and logo is the best . It 's not a generic cheap copy , it comes in a box with the BMW oem parts hologram . It 's great for a gift or for yourself . I recommend it ! Get this one or the other numbers depending of which BMW model you own .
 Smaller than expected , but well made . I used to own an X3 , and had a similar keychain . That one was bigger though , for some reason.Had the X3 one for 3 years , still looking good when I sold the car last month . About 1 year into it , the BMW logo fell off -LRB- it 's a heavy-duty sticker -RRB- , and I never bothered to replace it.This one looks to be of the same make , feels virtually the same , so I 'm expecting good durability , and the sticker to fly off any minute . Could care less about the sticker , and you could always replace it I guess.Cheap , and you obviously want a keychain if you 're reading this , so I say go for it . It 's sturdy , chrome looks good , and really , what more do you want from a keychain ? It 'll do the job .
 The Bedrug BRK86SBK Short Bed Rug Truck Bed Liner is one terrific idea . The fit in my 2011 Dodge Dakota is pretty good , but could be better . I have a cap on my truck so the lack of sufficient hook and loop fasteners is not a problem for me but could be for a truck without a cap . You do n't want the thing blowing out on the highway.The bed portion of the Bedrug has foam on the bottom molded to fit in the ribs of the bed , and that 's really easy on the knees . The tailgate portion does not have the foam molded on , so it is a little rougher on the knees but a heck of a lot better than a bare tailgate .
 I received my compressor way ahead of time and I am very happy with the product . It looks and performs as it should . Absolutely no problems and will not hesitate to buy from seller again .
 Very sturdy , have n't installed yet but expect them to complete the look of the customization of the Hummer.Very cool .
 I 've owned these for two years now , and i have mixed feelings on this product . The bulbs themselves are awesome , i use them to avoid accidents when driving on long , dark , and unlighted country roads where animals may step into the street . The lighting range was impressive . The precise beam allows for the light to focus far ahead on my lane . My gripe with these are that they rust easily , specially in the bottom part of the external casing -LRB- housing -RRB- where the accumulation is away from your line of sight . My casing rusted so bad that it cracked from the everyday vibrations . Now my bulb just wobbles crazily and ca n't be adjusted to aim . It seems that the external case -LRB- housing -RRB- is not sold by KC Hilites , and think I may have to buy the entire light again . In short , my experience has been that the chrome version of this product is a great light bulb with a two year life-span .
 Purchased this item on advice from my mechanic , for a classic dodge pickup . The item has simple installation and instructions , and worked well .
 Purchased this kickstand a while back and have used it over a year now . This was easy to install and is always nice to have when you are trail riding . I weigh about 150 and I am able to sit on the bike or start it while the kickstand is down . Have n't broke it yet .
 works well , it has been installed for 4 months now with no problems and was an easy part to swap
 I chose to build a sport office chair out of this sport car seat . Have been thinking about this project for a while . Found this seat for a really good price , so I ordered . The delivery was blazing fast . Ordered on Saturday , the large box was at my front door on Tuesday . It is , first and foremost a sport seat . It 's very firm and snug . I 'm guessing the cushions will loosen over time . Very good lumbar support . However , there are no adjustments for the lumbar area . The stitching is very ... very well done . That was the first thing I noticed after opening the box . A pleasant surprise was the style of the vinyl . It 's that pattern with all the little dimples in an even pattern through out . I really like that style , so I was very pleased with this.Again , I built a sport desk chair using this seat . There are a few photos in the photo gallery for this product . Office chairs made from sports car seats can cost between $ 500.00 and $ 1000.00 . This one costs me the price of the sports seat , assorted bolts & washers , plywood , and a weekends work . Used one of my old office as the base . I am pretty pleased at how well it turned out .
 This is one comfortable seat compared to the manufacturer 's one . It was easy to install with the proper brackets . It provides great support .
 This is an excellent product , without a doubt . I have been suffering lousy wipers that screeched and stuttered across my windshield , leaving behind streaks for a couple of years . I tried many other brands , including the fancy stuff from Tripledge and RainX , but none of them worked as well as these Trico Teflon blades . I hope they hold up through a couple of seasons.I am a little puzzled about Amazon 's shipping practices . They sent everything in my order in separate boxes , each the size of a bread box ; I bought 4 blades plus one other item , and they came in 5 very large boxes . One of these boxes would have been enough to hold all 5 items that I ordered . If Amazon had shipped them all in 1 box , they would have saved themselves a lot of money , and wasted a lot less cardboard and packaging . There must be more cost effective way for Amazon to ship stuff .
 Very nice ! Works better than I thought it would . Installs so easy ! Will buy again when needed .
 This review is being written 12/2/2012 for Trico 15-220 Teflon Wiper Blade , 22 '' -LRB- Pack of 1 -RRB- sold by Amazon on their website.The wiper element on this blade performs better for me than standard AC Delco , Anco , or other Trico 's I have used in the past . I do recommend replacing the whole blade instead of just the wiper element for overall performance . This blade adheres well to my windshield surface , with no missed spots due to nonconforming blade movement . No streaking or chattering.The installation instructions and not good , universal in design with not enough text to describe the details . For an average person , they will be removing a different manufacturer 's blade which may install just a bit differently . Give yourself plenty of time to understand how to remove the old blade and observe the locking mechanism of the new Trico blade . The locking tab on this blade is very secure ; you click the tab down to lock after the blade is installed.If your car does not have wipers that extend outward fully for maintenance , use the following technique . Turn on the car and turn the wipers on . Turn off the car when the wipers are at a 45 degree angle . Now , get a large piece of stiff cardboard and place it underneath the blade . Now , you can work on the blade easier while also protecting your windshield from scratches .
 These are superior wiper blades . Very smooth and quiet on the glass . Go ahead and splurge on these - you wo n't be sorry . Our Subaru Outback now has the quietest and best wipers it has ever experienced .
 With the dealer asking $ 100 some dollars for a replacement , this is a no-brainer . With programming instructions included , it was set and working in minutes . At least with the unit I got ` used ' did n't look like abused - it had no major sign of wear .
 This item was purchased to replace one that was previously lost . It was fairly easy to program and works as advertised .
 Swapped out and works very well so far . I does come with the internal circuit board for delay wipers . -LRB- I was leary on the price and thought maybe I 'd still need to swap -RRB- .
 This head light arrived quickly in perfect condition . This is a great value for ar parts and will recommend using amazon to friends .
 I purchased the more expensive Walker version for my 1999 Honda . Beside the extremely quick delivery I was heartened to see the part was `` MADE IN AMERICA '' and not a poor quality Chinese import .
 All the parts were packaged very tightly so no damage was done . All the parts were present and of high quality . would buy again in a heartbeat ...
 This is best rust preventative and repair product I 've ever used ! Nothing else comes close IMO . Yes it 's expensive but in this case you get what you pay for . My tucking company has used it on our tractor/trailer frames and it 's lasted over 4 years without any sign of more rust appearing . Recently used it to recoat some wrought iron patio furniture that were in bad shape . I had them sand blasted and then used POR 15 and finally a smooth finish coat of enamel paint . They turned out looking brand new and saved me a lot of money by not having to replace these 50 year old chairs.Here 's some tips if you decide to use this product ! 1 . Use in a very well ventilated area or better yet ... outside2 . Use cheap throw away brushes unless you going for a very smooth finish3 . WEAR latex gloves because once this stuff is on your hands and dries it 's not coming off until it WEARS off !! Nothing I 've found removes it from your skin ... 4 . It comes in a metal can which is a royal pita ! If the material gets into the lid area and is sealed the can IS NOT opening without destroying it . I learned the hard way to save remaining product in a clean 1 gallon PLASTIC jug . I 've kept it that way over 2 years and the product still performed perfect .5 . Only pour out what you are going to use ! Once you 've exposed it to the air you CAN NOT pour it back into the remaining product ! I buy inexpensive paper containers and throw them away with brush when done .6 . DO NOT attempt to spray this product without proper equipment and organic vapor particulate respirators for solvents ! Unless you 're a professional I would not attempt spraying this product!You will not find a better product to stop metal product from rusting ! I 've even repaired my Weber grill which had started rusting underneath ! Did several coats and it 's now perfectly serviceable . That repair saved me from buying over $ 300 dollars worth of new parts . You DO NOT have to removed the rust to use it which is a huge time saver . It even works better when the metal is rusted as opposed to cleaned.If you are looking to stop rust and/or save something metal this is the only product to use IMO . It 's well worth the expense if properly used !
 Its a nice silver grey metalic color with a very high gloss finish . Too bad you have to cover it with some other paint for outdoor use because it ca n't take UV light -LRB- according to the instructions -RRB- . I ca n't say anything about durability because I just applied this for the first time.I applied it with a disposable brush since it was apparently going to be difficult to clean . This seemed ok , though the paint tended to form a thick coat which slowly formed runs no matter how much I tried to brush it out . I think a regular brush would have worked better for this paint.The paint dried nicely even though the weather turned cold while I was working with it . Because of the way it cures , try not to buy more than you need at once . It may be a one shot deal after you open the can according to the warnings on the label .
 I have used POR products before without fail - they always get the job done . This stuff dries to a hard , durable finish that absolutely keeps the water out and the rust from re-appearing . This is the first time I have used the silver , and I did have some issues with the silver flake settling and sliding around within the base after application . I had to keep re-touching the paint until it started to become tacky and hold the flake . The finished product looked very professional , despite my rudimentary paintbrush application .
 This product must be used carefully . As with any painting job , preperation is key . the mfg recommends their two step process of using Marine Clean and then Prep & Ready to degrease and clean the surface to accept POR-15 . ONLY buy as much POR-15 as you need . It reacts with moisture and will go bad if you leave the lid off for prolonged periods . Also , do not get any POR-15 on the lid or rim or it will be welded shut the next time you try to use it . If doing a small job , transfer the POR into another container using a small scoop if you have one . With POR-15 , you do not have sand the rust off or grind down the material to base metal . Just make sure you degrease and clean the surface , and then apply POR-15 . It is a special paint that will lock out any moisture and prevent further rusting . I would then recommend you prime and repaint on top , as the POR-15 is not UV stable.I think you are better off buying the small size for most projects .
 This is a great product to protect against rust . It goes on easily and holds up well . Great for protecting your favorite car against rust ! It 's silver in color but you could always paint over it if need be .
 This is good and probably fits close to ideal but I had to over torque the bolts to get it to not leak in the corners . I think all these gaskets suffer the same problem .
 This was a perfect fit for my vehicle . It was cheaper and more convenient than the local parts shop . Save your money and avoid the heavy duty version unless you drive in a dusty environment .
 Muy buen filtro par no gastar mucho dinero ... . . ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . . ... ... . .
 Just as described . Fit was correct . Received on time . What more is there to say about an air filter . Need more words to be able to post message . Dumb .
 fit perfectly and love the grab handle at the end for helping me get into the bed of my truck
 Rec . incorrect product but was picked up next day . Shortly got my Putco Boss rails.Great looking on my 09 F150 and very easy to install.Snowman
 Made the purchase on the 14th and received product on the 18th . Installed in minutes without any problems . Looks great and tough looking . Needs a few more accessories to finish the look . Will be adding soon . Definitely satisfied .
 Not much to say other than it is a freakin ' air filter . Well , everyone should be changing their own air filters and not get ripped off by dealers or other oil change places . My MB dealer wanted $ 70-80 to replace the air filter !!!
 MY 86 JEEP NEEDED THESE FOR SOME TIME , THE PRICE WAS GREAT CAME NX DAY WOW WAXED THEM PUT THEM ON GREAT NEW LOOK THANKS AGAIN !!
 I searched through numerous mini turn signals , and I finally decided on these after learning that they were LED . The signals look good and they are as bright as claimed . The install was a quick & easy swap since I already had another set on the bike previously . Note
 1990 Acura Legend V-6 . Perfect fit , and with a little `` Permatex 85409 Ultra Rubber Gasket Sealant & Dressing , 1 oz . Tube '' it went in easily.The front valve cover has a secondary plate of top under which is the PVC valve . I had to use a dead-blow-mallet on its side to get it off . I 'd recommend this be done before the valve cover is removed from the engine.Also , used `` Beck Arnley 039-6436 Valve Cover Grommet , Pack of 4 . '' Took a little stretching to get the old ones off -LRB- cutting may have worked -RRB- . Re-installed valve covers and tightened down the stops.Don ' t know what that black plug is for . Maybe for other vehicle application .
 i got this gift for a friend and he loves it.Pros - lighter than most stock knobs , which provides effortless shifting-gives better feeling / connection with the driver and gearbox-looks great with a black or dark interior - it doesnt feel cheapcons - it feels hot in the summer and cold in the winter - because it is lighter , vibration is noticeable when car is in neutral - instructions are then same style as ikea , install could be difficult for noobies
 IF YOU NEED A GOOD ON AND OFF ROAD TIRE THIS IS THE SET TO USE ! THE THICKNESS OF THE TIRES IS GRATE FOR IN THE MUD USE AND THERE WEAR IS SLOW EVEN ON THE HOTTEST BLACK TOP . MY SON HAS USED THEM ON HIS 150 CC GO KART AND HE LOVES THE WAY HE SPINS OUT IN THE GRASS ON THE BLACK TOP AND NOT GET STUCK IN THE MUD . SO IF HE 'S HAPPY SO AM I. GRATE TIRE .
 This is a great air filter . You can get better brands than Fram , but for the money it is probably the best value out there . I checked at Walmart in the price on Amazon was better than it was at Walmart . for the price it is worth being able to change it frequently especially if you drive on dusty roads frequently .
 Easy purchase and this item saved me 300 bucks . Would definitely purchase from this person again if I needed something .
 Bearing was identical to bearing removed from 2000 saturn sl1 . Bearing was stamped NSK . Made in USA and a great value !
 Item was as described and lived up to my expectations . I have purchased four and none have failed me yet .
 I have had this on my car for about a year now . It is starting to peal a little . The sticker still has the color and iconic Bad Religion symbol shines brightly , but it is not lasting as long as I wished .
 Bought this for my 2005 toyota corolla . Quality product , have run 5k mi after installation and no problems.Delivery was quick and installation is not very difficult . I found a quick youtube video on how to install this.My local mechanic had given me an estimate of $ 55 for this !! Would never go to them for filter changes again .
 Dealer wanted $ 49 to replace the engine air filter , bought this and replaced it myself in a couple of minutes without any problems .
 Super fast shipping from Amazon as usual . So easy to change , I was able to replace my air filter during my lunch break ! Took me about two minutes to do !
 I do all my routine maintenance on my 2003 Corolla . Amazon has very competitive prices on many routine replacement components including this air filter . Two clips on air filter housing and out goes the old and in goes the new . Easy as pie . I would n't pay anybody a dime to do this simple a project . Shipped quick and dropped at my door step . Walked to garage and installed . Ca n't get much easier then that . I am no fan of Fram 's Oil Filters but I do use their air filters .
 It 's an air filter . It fits my 2007 Toyota Corolla CE . Not much more to say but I have to include more words to post this . Good price and it fits so not much more to ask for .
 Works as listed , it fits , and it filters the air for the car . No complaints because it works ! Ca n't really think of anything else to say or to improve upon .
 This product is excellent , I installed in less than 5 minutes , it has an instructions manual , so it is a piece of cake to install it .
 I bought this for my 2006 Toyota Corolla . This one fits perfectly and looks good quality.Installation takes only 5 minutes including cleaning .
 This filter works great for a 2005 Corolla CE . Very easy to install ; just unlatch two latches on the filter cover -LRB- under car hood behind the battery -RRB- and remove old filter and pop in the new one - 1 minute job and save yourself $ 50 from labor fees .
 I like this product because of its quality . I brought it when I check with a auto repair shop to replace Air filter and he ask $ 25 for the work . I noticed how he checked the Air filter and I thought I should check Amazon to get it ... I happy and saved money by this way ... I recommend this product
 This filter fits perfectly in both a 2007 Toyota Corolla and 2008 Scion tC , while being more affordable than other options . Never have the dealership or any shop replace these for you ! It takes about 2minutes to do yourself and is extremely easy .
 works well , able to install on my own , no problem ever since and would recommend to any one willing to buy .
 Bought it for my 2008 Toyota Corolla S. My daughter did it in 10 minutes and she never done it before . We found the video instruction on the web . Make sure you search using the make , model & year of your car .
 I bought this for my wife 's car and it installed fine . No complaints , it works as designed . I see no reason to buy a few of them to keep around for future changes .
 Jiffy Lube tried to charge me triple on this . Thanks for a great product at a great price . Good Sfuff !!!!!
 ok why would I want to keep writing writing and writing while all I wanted to say is good . strange .
 The filter looks well constructed and was easy to install taking only a few minutes . Even a caveman could do it right .
 Exact same filter they sell at walmart or an auto parts store . Save the money and buy online isntead of paying more dollars for local purchase .
 This filter fits my 2009 Scion tC perfectly , and the quality is excellent ; it looks exactly like the original part . By the way , as others have said , it 's a snap to replace this yourself , and way cheaper than having it done by a mechanic .
 Came quick and fits perfectly in the car without any problems . Costs a fraction of what local automotive stores wanted for the exact same thing . I will continue to buy air filters from here whenever I need them .
 Look up how to install it on Youtube , and you 'll be set to replace it in no more than 5 minutes .
 Do this yourself ! It is so easy that it should be declared a crime for a mechanic to charge to do it ! Just pop in the filter with the `` This Side Up '' label facing up and the rounded corner where the rounded corner of the old air filter was seated ! SO EASY !
 I APPRECIATE THE FAST AND ACCURATE SERVICE FROM AMAZON ALSO THE QUALITY OF THE PRODUCT IS OUTSTSANDING . . THANK U AMAZON
 The bearing on the driver 's side rear of my 2000 Honda Accord LXV6 with 167000 miles on it was making a rumbling noise so I knew it needed replacing . Went up to the local Honda dealer and was happy that they had one in stock . The guy at the parts desk said , `` you 're not going to like the price , it 's $ 157 '' . Pretty steep but I needed it so I bought it and installed it that evening . It 's an easy job . Since the bearing went bad on the driver 's side I figured the passenger side probably did n't have many more miles before it would go bad too . I generally like to do repairs when it 's convenient for me , not when it is a crisis so I looked for a axle bearing and hub assembly for the passenger side and found a Timken -LRB- quality name -RRB- here on Amazon for less than half of what I paid at the dealer ! Ordered it . Got it a few days later and installed it on the weekend . Fit like a glove . Quality , at least from the outside , looks as good as the Honda . I 'm happy !
 With a classic car like this Z3 it is not only getting harder to find parts but good service too.The dealership is still the best option for some things but taking care of business at home for the regular service and repairs can save a ton of money to be used for more gas ... more smiles per gallon.I got my book right away in brand new condition . I 'm a happy camper . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 this kit is for the dual mass flywheel . it only includes the clutch disk pressure plate etc. the picture is not accurate
 The Fram CA9501 air filter did not fit my 2001 Prius without modification . The gasket is thicker and it was necessary to swap it with the gasket from the old filter in order to close the filter box lid . Not too difficult to do .
 This engine air filter fit my 2006 Prius perfectly . I did have to remove the rubber frame from the previous filter and attach it to this one . And I did find out the hard way that the filter is not square and it should be inserted to match the previous filter . But after 5 minutes it was installed and I saved big bucks .
 works as advertised and fit my F250 perfectly . No issues after 3 mos and could be happier with the product , well worth the price .
 I wanted a better engine support than the cheap one I 've been using . I chose this OTC brand because OTC is known to be top of the line equipment . The 1725 is a much better design than the old square tube models . Yes , it is wide enough for full size cars . Yes , it stays in place much better than the old square tube models . It is heavy and very strong . With proper care it should last for many years . If you do a lot of transmission work like I do , consider the OTC 1725 model . I 'm glad I passed up the less expensive engine supports . I guess those are fine for occasional transmission work ? As for the price , it 's about the same as you would pay for a good 1/2 '' drive impact wrench . The OTC 1725 is a piece of equipment that will do great in your shop .
 Quality is great , Heavy duty construction . Good tool for the shop to have . It works as advertised . Buy this
 Well worth the money . I have been a professional mechanic for over 30 years . By far this is one of the best engine supports I have used thus far . Sturdy , no flex and the attachments are quality . Yes , it is a bit pricey in comparison to what is out there , but you get what you pay for . This support is heavy gauge steel , quality !
 I am happy with the product . It fit perfectly where I wanted to put it . When I need something like this I know where to look .
 Had one of these baskets a couple of years ago and lost it when emptying at a gas station . Looked for replacement but could n't find one that fit or was too expensive . This is the one I needed and was priced far less than what you could find at the auto parts stores ! It works for me !
 The litter basket is just what I was looking for to put in my car . It fits nicely in the middle of my back seat floor . thanks for the product and the service .
 Great find , fits well and came fast -- Thanks Ordered from Amazon , of course , you can always depend on them for the products you need at a fair price
 Item was just what I was looking for and could n't locate locally . I had a similar item that lasted for years -LRB- through four trucks -RRB- but finally was damaged and needed a new one . I really wanted the same item and was able to find it here on amazon.com . Hopeful it will last through four more trucks !
 This sits perfectly between the seat and drinks tray in my Dodge RAM 1500 . It is a trash can , it does exactly what it says it should on the box !
 I finally got the item I wanted after receiving the wrong item and taking three weeks to receive the basket .
 I put these on my 2007 Toyota Tacoma Dbl Cab 4x4 TRD Off Road and they worked perfectly . I got these to push my wheels out further because I got some tires that were ever so slightly to big to fit in the wheel well.If you are putting these on a vehicle with independent suspension -LRB- Tacoma has front independent -RRB- you will need an alignment -LRB- Can be anywhere from $ 50 - $ 80 -RRB- at your local auto shop because you are pushing your tires out further putting more strain on the suspension . In my case I ended up also getting a 2.5 '' suspension spacer for my coil overs and with the wheel adapters it dropped about .5 `` As an added note , I live in Utah and after I bought these I found the UTAH PLT , which describes what is legal and what is not , says that SPACERS are illegal -LRB- Utah safety inspectors use this when you need a safety inspection every year -RRB- . My concern was if this product was considered to be a wheel SPACER or a wheel ADAPTER . This product may have the name WHEEL SPACERS but I have confirmed with a safety inspector that these are in fact ADAPTERS.This product does not require that you replace your existing lug bolts because this product bolts on to the original bolts using the nuts that came with it , and then you bolt your tires , using your original vehicle lug nuts , onto the adapter.My only issue is that these adapters are not Hub Centric which makes putting the tires onto them more difficult but nothing the average Joe ca n't handle
 Super fast shipping ! These pads seem to be very high quality and fit perfectly on my BMW k1200LT . I highly recommend tis item and vendor .
 Bought this pipe to go with a Walker 21423 Quiet-FlowSS Muffler and intermediate pipe . Everything fit well and installed easily . It 's not mandrel bent other wise it would have gotten 5 stars . It was a very good price for an OE replacement exhaust .
 These covers were the perfect fit for my 2003 Yukon . Everything about the design is custom to the seat . The fabric is a high quality rugged grade , almost like canvas . I expect that I 'll get some mileage out of these . The price is well worth what you 're paying for .
 Can not say enough good things about the BedRug that I purchased for my truck . Easy installation and easy to keep clean . I highly recommend this product .
 Had to return the first one as I could n't get the system pressure tight . Either the product was defective or I did n't lube the reservoir o ring sufficiently . Lubing the o ring well appears to be important .
 Works great on my Pontiac Montana . Always prime the pump first even if it is remanufactured or new . I got it at a great price as well .
 This is a great product ! Timken has been around for years and I was very impressed with the Quality of this Bearing assembly . Made in the USA and the quality shows it.I installed this on my wife 's 2003 Saturn VUE . It was a real easy install , about an hours worth of work.I was very happy with StockWiseAuto on Amazon and the service they gave me . Great price ! I got it for about one third the price the dealer wanted.Very fast shipping and great customer service.Thanks , Jim
 Only reason it was so hard to change was the old one had been in their for six years and corroded into place.Removed the drum brake parts to get out of the way.Heated the bearing assy up around the back plate , then used a chisel to force in between the bearing case and the backplate to get it loose.The new one slipped right into place after that . .
 I am very happy with my TM Performance Billet Hitch Cover . I received the item a day earlier than I expected , thanks Amazon and Lasership ! The cover itself is very nice . It 's made completely of billet aluminum with a CNC 'd logo . It 's also made in the USA ! Another nice thing is that not only is the logo flawlessly painted between the chrome , but the hitch plug is also painted the same color.I installed it and it fit perfectly on my GMC factory hitch receiver with the hole lining up exactly where it should be . Overall it is a very high quality cover and seems as though it will last a long time . Definitley recommend this one or any of TM Performance 's hitch covers .
 I 've been buying Thinken products and the quality is used to be very good . I 've installed the hub in my car and it 's working like a breeze . The delivery was on time.Bomec
 Installed on a 2011 Ford Ranger after having the solid plastic one on previous Ranger . Very nice product and fit was perfect . Things do not slip around in the back . The bed is padded so makes it easy on the knees . The padding fits right into the dips of the bed making a smooth top . The hardest part of the installation was zipping the two pieces -LRB- wall and bottom -RRB- together , and that was n't bad . Installed the Velcro , put the whole thing in the back of the pickup and then rolled up bottom to pull the sticky cover off the velcro , and pressed down . Really easy . Only had on a few weeks now and really looks nice . It fits under the side rails and does not go over the top of the front rail or tailgate . I removed my tie down hangers and reinstalled them afterwards . That was a fairly easy operation . Overall , I really like it better so far than the previous solid plastic Ford bed liner .
 I just installed a BedRug in my 2011 Ranger Sport . Removed the Ford plastic drop in liner and replaced with the BedRug before the paint got scratched up since my truck is brand new . The product arrived exactly on schedule as promised . The installation went very well . Got a little confused on the instruction for the two 60 '' pieces of velcro that go along the bulkhead top and tailgate farthest edge . Once I figured it out , it was very easy . It fit perfect . This is definitely the way to go , does n't hurt your knees to crawl around , and things do n't slip . Initially I was a bit hesitant to order , but glad I did . Very happy with this truck accessory !
 The bedrug was the right choice for me . Spray-ins are getting to exspensive . Was easy to install and works and looks great .
 Great product , perfect color - just wish it had sand to weight it down on the bottom .
 Bolted up nicely , came with everything you need but the wrench to put them on . Very good product for the price .
 Works great in my 1995 T-bird . A hard product to find.The only one that works in my T-Bird . Also the color that I was looking for.All in All a good product and fair price .
 Fits well enough in my 1997 Lexus LX450 rear window -LRB- passenger side -RRB- - does not stand upright though , a little droopy , so although it works well enough for a water bottle , I 'd get a little nervous putting a large top-heavy drink . It 's inexpensive and better than no cup holder for passengers . I also purchased the Rubberqueen dual purpose cup holder that has room for both a beverage and small items - I would rate it the same .
 Product is awesome . Kinda dissapointed upon opening because the package was already open meaning that it ca n't be returned . But , once installed the performace gains were noticeable . Causes me to have even more of a lead foot because I like the power it gives . Truck runs more smooth at idle . Definitely worth the money ! BUY IT !
 This is a great looking bug deflector , I gave it four stars because one of the adhesives did n't hold well , but it fits so tight , it does n't matter much . Looks really nice though .
 If you 're doing this work on your own , you probably know it takes a lot of work . The W123 is a great car , but this part was ridiculously hard to press into the steering knuckle because they do n't give you much room for the ball joint press . Just be prepared , rent a kit from Pep Boys or O'Reilly . It wo n't fit perfectly , but you wo n't feel so bad about mistreating it a bit .
 I had a console very similar to this one that was cracked . When I saw it on amazon and at such a good price I scooped it up ! I was surprised at how nice it is for the price ! Very sturdy and just the right amount of areas to organize with to keep everything at hand in my van ! Very sturdy & looks good too ! Excellent value !
 Best one yet . Will continue to buy as long as it is for sale . Love it great shine and great stuff
 This is a fantastic glass cleaner . I 've used other brands in the past , but have not switched since using this one . It does n't streak like a lot of the others that I 've tried . Another great Mequiar 's product .
 I love this stuff , it cleans so well ~ I use it on all my glass , it is great for mirrors , tables , and auto . Has never left a single streak -LRB- unlike the usual hosehold glass cleaners -RRB- , great when used with a micro-fiber cleaning cloth . You ca n't go wrong with this product.Also , it smells soooo good : -RRB-
 Filter fits my Hyundai Sonata perfectly . Much better priced than the dealer filter replacement option or getting a filter from a quick change oil place .
 Very nice for my large van with NO cup holder in the back . I searched for a cup holder that I could secure in the middle seat with the seatbelts . Perfect for my 5 messy kids !
 This product does an excellent job of cleaning photo film and slides , but be very careful where you apply it and how . The solvents in this product wo n't harm photo film , but they can damage and even dissolve some plastic materials . I had the unfortunate incident of getting a small spot of this on a plastic photo cutter and it softened the plastic to a goo before drying off.That is not to say its not a great product for what it does , but be careful , as it is a fairly powerful solvent .
 The installation took me a long time -LRB- several hours -RRB- mainly because of my BMW motorcycle 's Canbus electrical system design and the full fairing covering up the path where wires had to be routed -LRB- I had to remove several body panels -RRB- . The wiring installation instructions for the PIAA 1100X light kit are weak , especially on how the trigger wire needs to be installed . I know it depends on the particular installation but some tips would have been nice , perhaps on a feedback web site . I first went to a tail light lead and got a buzzing sound from the motorcycle 's electronics and dim lights , so then it had to go directly to the battery , an undesirable arrangement that risks causing a dead battery if the lights are inadvertently left on . I could n't reach the preferred parking light lead because of insufficient space to make the connection . Once hooked up the lights work well , making me more visible in traffic and providing better illumination of the road at night .
 If a battery is DOA , quit complaining and go ahead and return it for one that is not defective . This battery is 30 % more powerful and 2/3 the size of the Interstate Workaholic Heavy Duty battery I replaced it with . A significant improvement and a overall a fantastic battery .
 I bought this one to replace a yellow top that was 14 years old . I got 10 years out of a red top . I like these batteries !
 Everything I had hoped for in a car battery . . strong cold cranking amps and a huge reserve capacity . My lights do n't dim anymore when the bass on my stereo hits hard or when the AC is running . This is in a 97 volkswagen vr6 . Had a redtop before but it finally crapped out after about 7 years and way too many discharges.Big thumbs up for any optima battery .
 its is they toughest battery i have ever owned . I bought it cause my old battery kept dying on me , ever time i would wash my jeep wrangler , and would leave the key on accessory so i could run my 2 amps , subs and speakers . now i can run everything on , my stereo , k.c. 's , lockers , winch for 2 hours before i need to start it up to charge
 I installed this battery in my Jeep Wrangler about mid November . It has n't failed once since I installed it and it fit perfectly in the space provided where the previous battery was located . I would recommend this battery to anyone ...
 i got this to add as a secondary battery for my stereo system , you need a good battery for this task since it is constantly draining and being recharged . I got it a year ago and have had zero problems , couldnt be happier with this battery .
 This is a great battery . I bought it because everytime I go to remote start my car on really cold days , it would n't start . I 'd have to go out in the cold and start it manually . Now with the optima battery , my car starts up right away . I love it .
 Ordered two of these 3A black leather racing seats ... overall really nice ... BUTwhat Amazon sent me was not what was advertised ... They show a photo of a seat that has a lever that is usedto adjust the back position ... down where the back meets the bottom ... What Amazon sent me was a hand operated wheel that is almostimpossible to adjust without being out of the seat ... Afterwards ... when I emailed the problem to the Amazon 's CS dept. . . they saidthat I would have to return these -LRB- at my expense -RRB- ... Mailing back these seats is not an option , as they weigh almost 50 lbs ... So they offered to refund 20 % of the cost ... which does help ease the pain some ... but I wanted seats that had levers ... not hand wheels ... SO ... the moral of the story is ... make sure that Amazon guarantees that what they will sendis what is pictured ... otherwise ... Amazon can not be trusted
 This was a nice license plate cover - the only `` Rage Against the Machine '' cover we were able to find anywhere . It came in perfect condition & on time .
 i liked these because theyre understated and they dont advertise the place i bought my Avalanche.theyre all plastic but i had no problem putting them on , only took a couple of minutes and a screwdriver .
 I must say i was disappointed when i opened the box to only see one mount when the ad clearly shows Two . A Phone call and 5 minutes of my time and the second mount was being shipped next day shipping ! Customer Service does n't get any better than this , Thanks.Energy Suspension 3.1114 G Zinc Plated Engine Mount for GM
 I was surprised by the quality of the tune-up kit . It was very nice and everything went in very easily . I am not a mechanic by any means , and I was able to install the tune-up get in about 30 min.Pros : * One box , everything you need . * Parts are good Quality for the Price * Everything Fits perfectly * Nice Spark PlugsCons : * No instructions so be prepared to Google locations of your Fuel Filter etc. * Oil Filter Is n't anything great , but gets the job done.I install this on a 91 ' Jeep Wrangler . Everything fit to perfection , and it was a very simple install . Would buy again !
 I 've searched and searched for a product that never meets my expectations . This product does . After using it all I could say was ... Wow . It made my 9 yr old car look brand new . Never had a product make my car shine like this one . My friends keep telling me how great my car looks . Highly recommend .
 I bought this wax as a present for my Godfather . He is a car detailing junkie and this is his absolute favorite wax ! As always shipping is fast with Amazon Prime .
 I have used this wax before so I know about it great quality . I used the wax on the left part of the black car just to see the difference and it made my car more shine . obviously after that I used the rest of the wax on the rest of the car . 100 % Recommended .
 the best one from Meguiar 's . Better than the red tub , or the tech wax gloss .
 Have been using Mcquiar 's since 1960 's -- starting off with Mirror Glaze in a real bottle . Mequiar 's has always been one step ahead with their products . I have tried others , but keep coming back to the best.What a deep shine NXT Tech Wax gives .
 I 've switched to this wax about 3 years ago . I 'm still in the belief that a paste wax lasts longer than a liquid/spray wax . I really like this wax . It 's easy to apply , and remove , and then buff . I can do about 4-5 full waxes of my truck with this tin.The NXT 2.0 wax has a sister/brother version that is liquid and it supposed to be far superior . I do n't think I 'm willing to try this quite yet.I do use Turtlewax 's liquide ICE spray wax to get the hard to reach places -LRB- door jambs , under the hood , in the tailgate door ect ... -RRB- .
 I 'm a long time user of Turtle Wax Platinum Ultra Gloss Paste Wax for the past two years and thought I 'd give this a try . I have a two-toned truck and its primary color is midnight blue . I got ta say that this Meguiar 's Tech Wax penetrates the dark finish very well giving it a deep shine as well as excellent weather protection that 's better than the Ultra Gloss . The Tech Wax is more expensive , but you can probably find it cheaper if you search the net which is what I did , but it would n't be fair to Amazon if I disclosed that info here . I 'm a wax freak so I use this everytime after I wash the truck since I do n't always have time to wash once a week like your suppose to . Even after two weeks of not washing , the Tech Wax still beads the surface of the hood , roof and tonneau cover .
 I bought like 6 of these tubs cause i got a great deal at a local store and this stuff is awesome . It goes on and off easily and it smells good too . the smell is a plus cause it would suck to work with stinky wax lol
 I applied this wax to a one and a half year old 2010 Nissan Sentra and will admit that when I was done there was definately a huge improvement in the appearance of the car . People looked at the car and thought it was new . The only real drawback that I can see with this wax is that you ca n't get it on the black plastic trim and it does leave white residue -LRB- wax -RRB- in the crevices . This is to be expected with a paste wax . It applies easy and removed much easier than most waxes . The shine is slick , deep and appears to be hard . Time will tell how long it holds up to the elements . It is December here in VT and I hope it will hold until at least April when I can wax it again .
 I 'm not sure what these other guys are talking about saying that they saw no difference in shine or protection . I saw an instant improvement . The gloss was very strong and water beaded & rolled off the hood . It even made my girlfriend ask if I did something special to the car when I washed it . She is not a car person , so that was a huge testament to the gloss.To be fair , the product does dust a ton . But that 's part of waxing , so it 's really not that serious . Just do n't try to remove the wax from the whole car with one towel and you are fine .
 Do you remember -LRB- the origional -RRB- Meguiars NXT Generation Tech Wax before it was called 2.0 ? Well I do infact i just went out to the shed and got the bottle . It is still half full and you know why ? Cause I couldnt stand the stuff . It was hard to take off . This bottle has got to be over 8 years old . No wonder it 's half full too I thought the stuff stunk . The Only Meguiars product to ever let me down . Needless to say I was a little hesitant on trying this new tech wax with 2.0 on the label but I am glad I did . After reading all the rave reviews about this stuff I now see why people love it . I 'm happy to say it comes off easy too !!! Especially for a paste wax . Whatever Meguiars did to the formula it certanly is an improvement !!!! I have used many of Meguiars products like their cleaner , polish , wax 3 step system -LRB- which i still love -RRB- their number 26 caranuba wax , number 20 polymer sealant , number 7 mirror glaze and a few others . I have also used other wax products like Ice and Nu Finish , Zymol cleaner wax and few that are not even around now like 2001 and so on . I always come back to Meguiars . I have to keep clean and wax 3 cars ... . My own truck a chevy colorado color black , my dads Chrysler pacifica light blue and My moms toyota camery hybrid color white which is what i tried this tech wax 2.0 on today . I must say i was impressed . Easy on Easy Off ! The smell is nice too . I know what you are thinking Nice Smell ? who cares what it smells like . Well wait till you wax a car with a lousy smelling wax and you will see what i mean . The only thing I can not share with you is how it lasts of coarse . I have a feeling it will last but time will tell . I wanted something other than a caranuba cause they give the best shine but dont last that long no matter who makes it or what the label says . Winter is coming and I want something to help protect the finish from road salt and other stuff that comes your cars way . I do n't wax a car during winter of coarse thats why i am praying this stuff lasts . Again time will tell . All the waxs I have used have their pros and cons however this might be the best balance of protection and shine you get vs the time it takes to wax and remove the wax from the finish of your car . So far i can say this product was worth what i paid for it and made my moms car shine . Just remember . .1 . Read the Directions !!! It takes just seconds and is worth it since it will tell you how to use this product the right way.One tip ... wax your car when you have the time to do it no matter whos product you use . Dont rush !! you will be happy you took the time . waxing your car is like mowing your yard ... yes you might not like to do it but it is nice to stand back and admire you work when finished ! Hope this helps take care !
 This product is excellent . I have used many different paste waxes butNXT paste wax is the best I 've seen so far . The shine is deep and glossy . It fills fine scratches in paint . It repels water longer than other products , which makes car washing easier . So , I bought another can .
 I am a fan of Meguiar 's products . The hydrophobic properties of this polish are great and my finish is still beading even months later . I live in the tropics so I get frequent sun/rain combination.I use this polish as the second coat of a 3 coat polish/wax process . I do add a top layer of Meguiar 's # 26 yellow wax for the finish.This polish is easy to apply and buff . When you properly prep your car , it doe n't take much wax/polish it . This can will last a long time unless you can find other cars to also work on for $ or trade favors with friends/relatives .
 I first purchased this product in November 2011 at my local store of a national auto parts chain after reading about car waxes in Consumer Reports . I have a gift card from this company and wanted to purchase another can of wax . No such luck . This company now only purchases the Meguiar 's LIQUID wax . If they would have stocked it I could have gotten the can for free using my gift card . There are no dealers of this wax within 50 miles of my zipcode ! Thank goodness for Amazon ! I ordered two cans . After years of using T W on my car with horrible results I took a chance and tried this NXT Tech paste . I figure it 's a premium product with a premium price and it is . I love it . The NXT goes on easy and it is not as hard to remove like the T W always did . It does NOT stain the black plastic like the T W did . For that alone it 's worth the effort to seek out and buy . Always let the wax completely dry in the shade before removing and buffing . Never wax in the sun and always pick a dry day to wax not in humid weather for best results . I wax my '12 VW twice a year and I 'm now well stocked for its spring wax job . Thanks again , Amazon .
 This blue console is perfect for my 1979 Pontiac Grand Prix . I have steering column stick shift so I put the console on the floor in the center . Sits perfect . Color matches my interior too . It 's not a cheap looking product either . Great sturdy plastic and nice color of blue . I can put my drinks in it , my cassettes and cds too . Or I can sit my square tropicana orange juice container comfortably there too . I love it . Was happy they sell it still .
 It 's quite usefull for replacing the flimsy cup-holder that came with the old car and can no longer be replaced for the outrageous price they used to get for the accessory . It also adds in a storage spot for boutique kleenex and a small item tray for change , etc. . It 's worth having to fold back the armrest which held the flimsy cup-holder . No need to be any lazier than I am behind the wheel .
 I 've been involved with auto detailing for 25 years . This is the best spray detailer on the market today . Use it to maintian your car between washings . Just spray on and wipe it off it 's that easy . No need to worry about overspray it does n't stain black plastic or anything else . You can see and feel the difference after applying it . 5 Stars to Meguiar 's on this .
 I 've used most of meguiar 's products and while virtually all of them are awesome , this product is incredible , especially on a black , metallic vehicle . I use a combination of Meguiar 's spray waxes and detailers such as this NXT SPEED DETAILER on the several car washings I do after a full wax . The NXT Speed Detailer will enhance the wax that 's on your vehicle in the washings after you 've waxed and it does an incredible job of doing that as the shine I 've gotten from this detailer is better then any of the other meguiar 's detailers i 've used . The shine lasts for at least a week and it gleams incredibly . The best part is that you can apply this stuff on the entire vehicle in 20 minutes or less . And there is some protection this product has kind of like the spray waxes , but you definitely want to full wax every 2-3 months . Another great attribute of this product is that if you have light dirt or dust on your vehicle . . say a day or two after you 've washed ... you can just spray your entire vehicle and wipe down with a microfiber towel to get that just washed , gleaming shine , right on the spot.And per Meguiar 's they say you can use this on windows and tires as well ... although I use other things for my windows and tires ... I may just try this on them for fun . All in all this is a 5 star product , but I expect nothing less from Meguiars .
 I use this on my three cars almost every day - sometimes twice a day depending on use . I have cut down the number of times I have to wash the car and if I wash it comercially I save money and if I do it at home I save time . The cars always look like I just waxed them and now I wax the cars less often than I did previously .
 I 've used all of Meguiar 's detailers in the past and was hooked on `` Final Inspection '' for a long time . I saw this one , then the price , and passed on it more times than I can count . I took another look at it recently and said to myself , `` okay , but this stuff had better blow my mind '' . Results
 This is one of the best detailers on the market for its ease of use and its ability to keep the car clean longer . I only wish that I were able to find it at a store near me to save on shipping/handling costs , but it does n't seem like anyone stocks it in the Seattle area .
 Like most products from Meguiars this spray works well . Their NXT wax is a good product to compliment it .
 First off , let me say that I absolutely love detailing cars and I am a very big perfectionist . This product does exactly what I need it to do
 This is a great product . It 's easy to use -- just spray it on and wipe it off . Great for use between waxes . Produces a very vivid shine .
 Just when I thought Meguiar 's already made amazing products , they come out with this and blow the others out of the water . I have used all the most popular detailers out there , but not one of them even comes close to this NXT Speed Detailer . They have taken Show room finish to a new level . I am just so amazed as to how beautiful my cars look now . Good job Meguiar 's !! Pros : Clean your car in minutes without having to wash your car.A shine and wet look finish that is just so amazing that you have to see it to believe it.Very inexpensive . Cheaper than going to a car wash and more convenient . One bottle will last a very long time.Cleans the whole car exterior . Wheels , glass , plastic trim , rubber , headlights , tail lights and paint.Does not wash off with rain or car washes.Cons : It would be nice if they included a free Microfiber cloth , but no big deal.Summary : This is the best all around product you can buy to clean , beautify , and protect your car . Meguiar 's has set the bar very high with this product.The proper way to detail your car FOR THE FIRST TIME is to do the ff :1 . Wash your car with the NXT car wash . Dry .2 . Use Mequiar 's Clay bar .3 . Apply NXT Speed Detailer on the entire exterior . Paint , Glass , Plastics , wheels , headlights , tail lights . I have even used this to clean and detail the engine compartment .4 . Apply NXT Speed wax by hand or NXT Wax using a buffer to the paint .5 . Apply Meguiar 's Insane shine tire spray . No need to wipe tire . Just let it dry.For the succeeding cleaning , you will just need to do step 3 , 4 and 5 . This is the most efficient way to detail your car . You can certainly buy the other Meguair 's products specific to the task , but my way saves me so much time because I dont need to stop and switch products . 1 to 5 can be done in about 2 hours . Steps 3 to 5 can be done in 20 minutes .
 Fit my 03 Honda Hybrid perfectly . Cheaper than buying from the dealer . Easy to install . Only one way it fits , so ca n't go wrong .
 The cost was great for this and the service quick . I am very happy . The Box was packed to proevent damage and the air filter arrived in perfect shape .
 good price low pressure drop with very good filtrationmakes this filter excellent choice for street applcations ; K&N only better at high rpm operation which is n't that important on the street .
 Change your own air filter and save . No need to spend $ 90 when you can buy one of these and do it yourself !
 I have an '05 Honda Civic Hybrid and this was a direct replacement.No auto parts store stocked this filter and the Honda dealer wanted $ 37 + tax for the Honda version.The Honda version appears more like an K&N ; filter , not sure about the oil , but the material , color , etc remind me of it . This filter is just white paper . For the price difference I can replace 3 of these to 1 Honda , so I am not worried about it at all.MPG went back up after replacing the very dirty filter in the car .
 He still does work really well I never really have any issues with them and last about 60,000 miles it 's not pretty dusty Ryanbrook is a lot of salt
 This is a nice little console ... nothing fancy , but very adequate for my needs . Does n't slide around on the seat , and the price is unbeatable .
 Very bright , look great with a low profile . Covers look good too . They came with a complete wiring harness - installation was very simple . Could be easier to fine tune the aiming , though .
 These lights are very birght and seem well built . I have had them for about 6 weeks and use them a few times a week . i installed them according to the instructions , which are easy to follow , and after a few weeks the lights stopped working . I had to rewire the lights using aftermarket wireing to get them back operational . Great lights for the money . I would recommend them . Long range focused beam . Lights shine very bright out to 300-400 yds . great buy
 The helmet was ordered for a Christmas gift and when I got it was too small the helmet had to be a returned I received excellent service they were curtiousy and made it easy to return
 I was looking for something to go on the floor of my 2001 F150 pickup to store odds and ends . Even though my pickup has a couple of cup holders , it seems they are always full with change cup and cell phone holder . This console fits perfect and very accomadating . I do n't use the cd holder for cds , but rather for more junk . At least its hidden and not rolling all over the place . The color is not a true red , but more of a smoky burgundy .
 perfect fit for 30 hp briggs in a ferris zero turn . cross referenced from champion to these . received in good package and timely manner .
 I am very happy with my TM Performance Billet Hitch Cover . I received the item a day earlier than I expected , thanks Amazon and Lasership ! The cover itself is very nice . It 's made completely of billet aluminum with a CNC 'd logo . It 's also made in the USA ! Another nice thing is that not only is the logo flawlessly painted between the chrome , but the hitch plug is also painted the same color.I installed it and it fit perfectly on my GMC factory hitch receiver with the hole lining up exactly where it should be . Overall it is a very high quality cover and seems as though it will last a long time . Definitley recommend this one or any of TM Performance 's hitch covers .
 this item fits perfectly and it 's heavy duty and looks great on my truck.i was not disappointed and either will you . it arrived very quickly .
 I think the best air intake system replacement for a Focus ST 2.5 T , you can actually feel the power improvement , now the engine breaths better and you can see the engine response at any time !
 funny that no one had the clutch -LRB- hays # 85-100 -RRB- in stock or on hand , but ammazon came thru for me.theres alot of different clutches on the market and i couldve went with one of those , but had my heart and mind set on the hays and im glad i did i love it so far ive got it behind the stock motor as of yet but will be running a 383 stroker motor soon and that will test the hays clutch then .
 Filter is an exact fit ... Appears to be quality made and was reasonably priced . Element media appears to be a quality paper . Ca n't see how you can go wrong !
 I was happy to find this product on Amazon at a much lower cost than in audio shops . This adapter works well with my JVC ; it 's great being able to use my steering wheel controls with an after-market stereo.I really appreciate the fact that the adapter remembers the settings , so if your battery is disconnected , there is no need to re-program this adapter . My only complaint , after a year of ownership , is the slight delay experienced between when you push a button on the steering wheel control and the desired action of the stereo .
 The delay from the time when you press a button and it 's recognized by the headunit can sometimes be irritating . Especially with volume control . I sometimes find it easier to reach to the headunit and turn the knob than to use the steering wheel buttons . Part of the cause of this delay I think is because the unit is still sort of universal and can be used on a number of brands.But it 's good to be able to program all buttons to whatever you want . I now have `` mute '' and `` seek '' buttons and think I might use the volume buttons for something else other than volume . .
 Product shipped super quick and arrived to APO in less than 5 days ! Packaging was great and the the steering wheel adapter was as stated . Took a while to figure out how to program the steering wheel functions as the instructions were a little difficult to put together throughout 3 sheets of paper and figuring out the wiring diagram . After finally programming the adapter it worked perfectly and as the other previous reviews stated there is a slight delay when selecting what you want from the steering wheel but I can live with it . Just be sure to take your time on the wiring diagram and dont rush !
 Easy to install and great instructions for the beginers . Although it is straight forward , I had to call tech support to learn I hooked it up incorrectly . Tech support was very helpful and put me on the correct path . Once I installed it correctly , it programmed very easily and worked great !!
 Easy installation and all steering wheel controls worked perfectly on my 2008 Ford F-150 Limited with my Alpine sound processor .
 Works as advertised nice to be able to program as needed . HOWEVER , there is a delay in the mechanism so it does not have the ` instantaneous ' response of the headunit buttons . Otherwise great product .
 I finally got around to putting on my Valley hitch and the `` T '' connector . There is a U-Tube video showing how to install it . They removed way more then necessary . I bought a Harbor Freight trailer light checker that confirmed it was connected properly . Just one small suggestion . The trailer connection stays inside and you run it through the back hatch to the trailer . How about a small connector or barrel connectors so you can run the wired out through the electrical grommet for the wires to the tail light . From there it is easy to run down and under the car and put the connector right by the hitch like a professional install . With a power outlet right by the left tail light they might want to run a separate power off it so there is not even draw from the cars lighting system . Just a thought . I know the extra power draw can mess up the turn signal blinking system since they are impedance load for the timing for off and on . I did this in a few hours for both the `` T '' connector and the Valley hitch after I got home from work and was done before it got really dark out . Going camping this weekend and curious see how well it works . Solid state electronics this unit should last for many years .
 This does not fit a 2007 Volvo XC90 with V8 engine . The filter itself looks to be a good filter .
 This part was just as good as any you can buy at any auto parts store . The delivery was fast and the part fit the car the way Walker parts always do . I could n't believe the bargain even after shipping ! I will shop here first .
 The bulbs were lovely and worked well , and the price was better than at most places .
 These lamps did exactly what we wanted them for . We used these as outside lights for a haunted house and the color and effect could n't have been better . Far better than the flicker lamps sold at the halloween stores the silicone dip makes all the difference . These really look like something that would have lit a creepy castle way back when . great quality and looking forward to using them next year .
 I really liked the flickering glow . I got these for my wife for Christmas because she likes window candles . These also use less electricity than a standard yellow bulb . After one week of use , my wife declared she hates the orange glow , and promply replaced them with the old yellow bulbs ... Life is like a box of chocolates .
 We gave this as a surprise gift to a friend looking for a special flame-type bulb to complement a window decoration . They were delighted !
 I have a fisher woood stove -- The air-grill really helps toreingite My stove when it get down to a few coals , , , will orderanother one next Year -- The only thing I would change is theplastic tips -- they melt to easely , , would make them out of metal.W C Miller -- Retired .
 It does what it says ! It blows a constant and concentrated stream of air right where you need it . I lost the attachments in my fire and they melted :-LRB- Also , after about a month , the air grill inflator started making a really loud noise while operating . Overall , recommended for anyone with a wood stove !
 I use this as a bellows for our fireplace , and it blows plenty of air ! Very handy item .
 My sister bought one of these for me for Christmas . She bought one for river trips and camping . This has become such a useful tool for starting a fire and keeping it stoked and roaring . Just fun to use . Save your lungs and get one of these . They also have the executive model which looks a little too fancy for my tastes . ha .
 This is the second time I purchased this item from Amazon . If you camp or have a need for a bellows in any situation , this little gadget is worth it 's weight in gold . When I read through some negative reviews , I have to disagree and state `` use as intended only , '' and you wo n't have a problem.-It is cheaply made in the sense plastic is used where we all would prefer metal . I 'm sure the plastic is what makes the price right although I 've never held mine close enough to a fire to melt the tip . Step back and aim UNDER the fire.-If you try and stop the winding motion rather than just letting the inner wheel stop turning on it 's own you will break it . This is NOT a manufacturing defect , it 's from not reading instructions carefully . - Noisy ? No noisier than a fishing reel in my opinion . When I think noisy and camping , I think of music blasting or an Interstate too close by , not a hand crank winding device . - I have not used a single drop of charcoal lighter fluid since purchasing my first one two years ago . Aimed and used properly , this replaces gallons of dangerous flammable liquids I 'd prefer not traveling with in an RV or car . - I teach Scouts how to build campfires safely . I can no longer kneel , nor do I want any child too close so blowing on embers is not the first choice anymore . Fanning works of course , but simple winding and aiming of the grill blower and ta da ! Success ! - I walked along a road in a campground in October and lent my Air Grill Blower to several groups of campers having a hard time lighting a damp fire . A two minute demonstration and all had roaring fires without lighter fluid in minutes . By the way , will the camper who `` forgot '' to return my original one please leave it in the campground office ? Ha ha , it 's how I 've lost two of them now.-When I went online the next morning to order a replacement they were temporarily out of stock . The man camped next to me told me he 'd ordered all seven in stock to give as gifts ! - This is one of those items that gets bad reviews because of improper use or normal wear and tear .
 I have been looking at this product for a while and then recently added it to my order . The air grill is so convenient for taking on the road for a camping trip , using on our wood fire in the house or using outside with our charcoal BBQ - this is what we use it for most ! The product is light and works fast so it keeps me far away from the flames . I wish I had n't waited so long to order this product as it has made BBQ fire starting that much easier !
 Does a good job of stoking the fire . Does a passable job as a pump for inflatables , but a battery pump does a faster job . The construction is fairly sturdy . Keeping a steady flow takes some practice ; the handle tends to get away from you and smack you in the hand , although mostly when you really get cranking . All in all , a good value for the money .
 Does the job fairly well . It 's a little weaker than I had hoped and insanely noisy , but its better than blowing your lungs out . I 'll add that the metal tube was unattached during shipping as the glue holding it on was extremely dry .
 This was a great addition to my husband 's wood stove needs . It works wonderfully and has many benefits such as using it to inflate things around the house . It will also be useful for camping with our son !
 We heat our home with a wood . We bought this to help stoke the fire and this hand crank blower works great ! It is a little noisy when you crank it but it does n't take long to get a good roaring fire going using this . I imagine it would create hot coals in seconds .
 This little thing makes getting a fire started so much easier.Also when adding new wood it gets the flames going on it .
 This thing is Baller for sure , blows air just like it should got my charcoal grill ROARING with just a self light bag 10 minuets and this baby ! WOOOW talk about efficiency . And to the people saying this thing is too loud . . you 're too old . Its a toy not a pillow . I dont recommend you use it next to a sleeping baby , but when everyone is wanting food and your grill is slacking bust this thing out and get the party GOING !!
 I use it to stoke the fire in my wood burning stove . A little nisy but who cares . It makes life easy . Great product . Thank you .
 We got back to our campsite after dark only to discover it had rained while we had been gone . All of our firewood was damp . Not a problem ; In just one minute of using the air grill our fire was ablaze and we were warm and cozy ! Great Product , a must have for camping .
 This tool has many uses in the home or outdoors , tailgating or camping . This little device packs a large punch - very strong stream of air and it definitely gets your fire burning and your inflatables filled . I keep one by the fireplace , one in the garage , and one in the car.Extremely useful as a bellow around the fire place , barbecue , or campfire . Get 's that fire stoked!Very handy around the lake and/or pool for all of our inflatable water sporting needs , such as rafts and children 's toys . Just attach the adapters and twist the crank ! You can bring it with you anywhere .
 This tool does exactly what it says it does , efficiently . Also it makes a great toy .
 Seems to be well made and does blow up a storm . I would like to be able to remove a tip from the plastic tie , but wothout cutting it , that weems to be impossible . Found the aluminium tube to be loose where it connected to the blower . I would recommend it to others .
 I have used this product several times with my chimney charcoal starter , smoker , and grill . It has made stoking the coals in the smoker MUCH easier than it used to be . I have never used the product as an `` inflator '' . It makes an annoying and relatively loud whirring noise when I use it , and the handle is awkward to crank at certain angles . Also , it would be nice if it had an extension that would place the cranking hand a bit further from a fire . Otherwise , it is a handy little device that I am happy to have purchased .
 I bought this item because I had a driving trip to Florida via a part of I-95 that periodically has dense `` Love Bug '' mating swarms that can result in a clogged radiator . Fortunately I did n't need the bug screen , but from looking at the item I think it would have been useful if the love bugs had been mating .
 Same great filter as you would buy locally , just less expensive and delivered free to your front door .
 Overall
 After reading some negative comments about not fitting in other 4Runner 's , I was not sure if I wanted to take the chance . For the price I decided to go for it and it actually fit my 2006 4Runner Sport like a glove . Good price -LRB- compared to the dealer -RRB- . I am happy with it .
 Fit my '03 Toyota 4Runner , no complaints . Easy to install . Buying this online was way easier than a trip to the auto parts store .
 I used this to replace the original air filter that came with my truck . There really was n't any change in my trucks performance , which means in my book that this air filter is doing what it is supposed to . It has been in my truck for 8,000 miles and havent had an issue with it .
 This was bought as a replacement filter for my 2011 Sienna . It came quickly and fits perfectly , no issues at all
 Works great for Toyota 4runner 2005 v6 ... not sure why Amazon has it on does not fit Toy 2005 4runner ... been using this for a while now , a little more than half the price of dealers price , good value easy install
 This product was exactly as advertised and was at a very good price compared to the local auto stores.Saved trips to the store and gas .
 I really like this Air Filter . Right away when I started my car , it fired faster and felt stronger more responsive . I felt my car breath better and did n't need to push the pedal to the floor to get torque . I marked the milage . It was n't my imagination . I collected over 60 more miles per tank . What I saved in one tank paid for the new air filter . I will be changing it more often staying away from the more expensive ones I have purchased in the past .
 I 'm glad I purchased this on Amazon , saving quite a bit than if I had bought this at the local automotive store . It 's a Fram filter and it does it 's job . .
 It 's an air filter ... not too much to get excited about . It fit my 2008 Toyota Tacoma .
 1-29-13 . THis product has consistently provided a quick and excellent solvent to clean grease , dirt and other materials from electric motors and related parts . It 's not a electrical contact clearner as it tends to leave a residue . CRC makes a good contact cleaner . The fumes are toxic , so use it with good ventilation -LRB- outdoors is wise -RRB- .
 really works , great product , good quality . i recomend to all ...
 Installation was simple . I recommend that one # 6 or # 8 sheet-metal screw -LRB- 1/2 inch long will do -RRB- be added at each of the four mounting tabs , between the mounting hole and front edge of hood . Otherwise it could vibrate and rattle .
 For whatever reason , the price on these injectors was $ 6.27 and I bought six . I think the price must have been a mistake , but I needed six replaced , so this saved me major money . One new one from the local rip off market for car parts wanted $ 80 apiece new . Well I did n't want to put over $ 300 into injectors . These rebuilt or refurbished ones work like new , so why buy new?Anyway , I see the price went way up on these after I bought them , so that 's too bad . They are n't as good of a deal as they were , but I probably did get them too cheap . Oh well . Thanks to amazon for the great find in car parts !
 Purchased this item 2 winters ago and it 's still doing good . I do remember it was a little bit smelly when I initially installed it in my car but the smell later on faded away .
 These matts are heavy duty and the price is low for the quality . Easy to trim and fit . Buy'em , you wo n't be disappointed .
 Very well constructed and for less than the cost of some paper filters . Although reusable for this price it could just be replaced . The shipping was also very prompt .
 This went on my 2005 Titan Crew Cab . Do n't be too concerned about the instructions . It 's not a hard thing to install . Simple tools are all you need , and give yourself about an hour for the whole thing , so you wo n't feel rushed.The product looks great on the Titan , and has been on for months without problems . I get the truck washed at a place that uses spinning rags and high velocity air drying , and the Lund has performed without incident . Good product . Highly recommend it . Deducted 1 star for crappy instructions .
 I think that this is a really funny bumper sticker that cries out to be put on the bumper of any old bucket of bolts that is still on the road . I wish I had had this sticker when I was driving around in an old , beat up 1988 Chevy Cavalier not all that long ago . It would have made me feel better .
 I have no problem with Amazon . I think the description of the duster deck cover could have been more complete . I wanted a deck cover that covered the deck only . I received a deck cover that covered the deck and the soft top frame . I 'm still looking for the deck cover I want .
 It is likely that many people would wonder why anyone would put a bumper sticker on their car extolling the virtues of any noise , much less the noise of an airplane . However , airplane engines of all eras make unique sounds , and when those engines drive a propeller or are a turbojet or a turbofan the sound is a reminder of all the wonderful things that technology gives us and the power of some of that technology.Airplane noise can vary a lot . A B-52 and a KC-135 both have a throaty growl on takeoff with their water-injected engines . Once at altitude both operate smoothly with a typical old-style jet engine noise . The C-130 sounds like a giant fan with a bit of turbine whine to go with it . Some smaller planes sound like oversized lawnmowers or super-powered fans . For a fascinating experience try sitting on the end of a runway facing a mountain as the engines are revved to full power so that the plane can climb and turn to avoid running into the mountain . The noise and vibration are tremendous and the plane bucks and bounces like the barely restrained creation it is . After the brakes are released the plane takes off and you hold your breath to see if altitude will be reached in time to make it over a smaller mountain adjacent to the one directly ahead of you.Newer aircraft have a completely different sound . Commercial airliners with their high bypass engines gulp air , but with their big cross section they are much quieter than early jet engines . The F-16 whistles as its powerful engine sounds less powerful than it is.Perhaps one of the most unique airplanes I have ever heard is the SR-71 Blackbird , or Habu as it is referred to by some people . The huge engines on this plane provide the incredible thrust needed to propel this aircraft to more than three times the speed of sound , and the noise the engines generate matches the power . At night the afterburners have a purple tint as the SR-71 lifts into the sky on a column of translucent flame.Regardless of the type of aircraft , every time I hear a propeller or a jet I always look up and try to identify the type of aircraft . The sound of an aircraft has always been one of my favorite sounds and probably always will be . I guess you could say that I Love Airplane Noise .
 I would recommend this if you have 4.2 vortec best thing I 've ever bought my trailblazer is lifted so this gives it the get up and go
 If your into recycling and do n't mind a little work in cleaning and treating . Buythis filter or one like it . Yes , you do have to buy a recharging kit . It is still worth it in the long run ! Save the landfill , better performance with more air flow and save a few bucks ! With out a lot of hassel and a perfect fitting filter .
 i have bought k & n filters and this one is it 's equal at a bargain price , great seller and product by fram
 I put these slipons on my 2010 FJR1300 . They look good and sound great . There were two issues however . Even with a healthy coating of the high temp silicone -LRB- provided -RRB- I really had to tighten the clamps to get exhaust leaks to stop where the Two Brothers pipes connect to the stock header of the bike . I feel for the price of these slipons the fit should of been better . Also , I had to install powertips -LRB- not provided -RRB- in these so that I could ride the bike around town without the sound of the pipes resonating in my helmet and giving me a headache . They did however lighten the bike up and I have noticed a modest power increase .
 i got this hoping that it would be a good deal and it was . it came ok on time and everythign easy install took maybe 1 tops to take of and put old one one . i did have a small leak on a manufactured part but as im good with things it was an easy fix for me . it might have bugged someone else but i was ok with it . good overall product .
 The Two Brothers exhaust set for my Yamaha FJR are the perfect ones in all aspects ... . so far so happy with the product . . Here is my link about the set on youtube The -LRB- ... -RRB- Thanks
 I was shopping around for a new muffler and pipe and I came across this . I know the name and walker always sells top mufflers . I do my research to find the right price . I did n't want to buy just anything because this is a muffler and the muffler is the closest to the ground.It 's on the bottom of the car it gets hit with rain , snow and anything else out there . I 'm glad I bought it , the car runs very quiet.Well worth the money .
 Really great service and product is just what was described and price was the best around !!!!! I highly recommend anyone to buy from this company thanks ...
 Fit my 1997 Toyota Camry with 4Cylinder without any issue whatsoever . Good price too !
 I bought this for the Mercury Villager 1997 . It does fit perfectly and they were identical to the original ones in terms of looks . I will update in case there are any major failures or if the mount is of bad quality .
 There is nothing particularly special about these motor mounts other than the price compared to OEM and brick and mortor stores.Amazon 's price is what made these motor mounts special , the quality of the mounts meets oem requirments so I can not complain as they have performed as designed .
 They fit perfectly and will definitely keep the floors clean . I wish I 'd bought these when we first purchased the truck .
 I purchased my 4Runner new in Jan of 2007 . Since it was the rainy season I thought to keep my rugs and floor mats clean until the rains ended . The Weather Tech liner fits to a tee and is still in my truck a year later . I liked these liners so much I purchased them for my whole truck , front , middle and back . Just looking at the dirt I track inside I still have n't used the stock mats . Maybe I should sell them ? Never been used . Watch for them on eBay .
 In 50 years of automotive repair , I count on Gates to fit and last . Amazon sent it to me prior to the time table advertised , I 've had excellent service from Gate and Amazon .
 Since the product description does not say how many gaskets are in the package , it may change in the future but when I got it for $ 11.72 in August of 2012 , the package contained 10 gaskets . The same item costs $ 2.99 each at a local auto parts store . This deserves 5 stars for value , I believe .
 The shield came with very easy to install instructions . Was exactly as described and actually do n't have as many bugs on my windshield . Great product and looks good also . Lund is a top notch company .
 I bought this for a 2005 Ford F150 , regular cab.The shield arrived very fast , the instructions were clear , it was easy to install , it is high quality and it looks great mounted on the vehicle .
 It is likely that many people would wonder why anyone would put a bumper sticker on their car extolling the virtues of any noise , much less the noise of an airplane . However , airplane engines of all eras make unique sounds , and when those engines drive a propeller or are turbojet or turbofan the sound is a reminder of all the wonderful things that technology gives us and the power of some of that technology.Airplane noise can vary a lot . A B-52 and a KC-135 both have a throaty growl on takeoff with their water-injected engines . Once at altitude both operate smoothly with a typical old-style jet engine noise . The C-130 sounds like a giant fan with a bit of turbine whine to go with it . Some smaller planes sound like oversized lawnmowers or super-powered fans . For a fascinating experience try sitting on the end of a runway facing a mountain as the engines are revved to full power so that the plane can climb and turn to avoid running into the mountain . The noise and vibration are tremendous and the plane bucks and bounces like a barely restrained creation it is . After the brakes are released the plan takes off and you hold your breath to see if altitude will be reached in time to make it over a smaller mountain adjacent to the one directly ahead of you.Newer aircraft have a completely different sound . Commercial airliners with their high bypass engines gulp air , but with their big cross section they are much quieter than early jet engines . The F-16 whistles as its powerful engine sounds less powerful than it is.Perhaps one of the most unique airplanes I have ever heard is the SR-71 Blackbird , or Habu as it is referred to by some people . The huge engines on this plane provide the incredible thrust needed to propel this aircraft to more than three times the speed of sound , and the noise the engines generate matches the power . At night the afterburners have a purple tint as the SR-71 lifts into the sky on a column of translucent flame.Regardless of the type of aircraft , every time I hear a propeller or a jet I always look up and try to identify the type of aircraft . The sound of an aircraft has always been one of my favorite sounds and probably always will be . I guess you could say that I Love Airplane Noise .
 Produce was new proper fit did n't leak what more can I ask for . Good Product , Came on time and saved us a lot of money over a factory radiator . Saved at least 200.00 .
 Sound is awesome , cheap and was easy for my machanic to put on . He had to flare out the pipe where he cut off the old muffler and then used a clamp . That was 8 months ago . Still running strong . Have them on both side , ordered both from amazon .
 Product works as advertised . Step is a little on the stiff side to pull down , but I 'd rather it be a little stiff and stay up than fall down all the time . Also the grip surface is a little on the rough side , so make sure you wear shoes when you stand on it .
 What more can you ask for , I use this on my front mounted 2 '' hitch when not holding my winch . It is nice to use to be able to add that extra step to work under the hood anytime I need , the step supports all the weight I have thrown at it . This is a replacement for an earlier one after I broke the step off , hitting some pretty heavy duty debris at a good speed . The step survived but the bracket could n't take the force it was dealt with , no fault of the bracket , I 'm sure they did n't plan for people like me to run through rocks with it as a battering ram LOL
 I installed the Lund 602001 hitch step on my Audi Q7 to help my daughter get in and out of the back . The fit was very loose , so I wrapped duct tape around the part that goes into the hitch until a snug fit was achieved . I also wrapped tape around the hole where the pin goes , so the pin would n't rattle either.The step was difficult for my daughter to fold down , so I moved it up and down a few dozen times , and some of the metal shaved off.I kind of thought it would come with a pin , but I suppose if you have a hitch , you have a pin.For the price , the step serves its purpose and it looks decent on the back of my SUV .
 Both My Wife and I are short and have some difficulty in reaching into the front of the rear section of both our jeeps , -LSB- 1 06 commander and 1 99 grand cherokee lorado -RSB- I purchased the step to ease access . Both vehicles have the factory mounted reciever . on one vehicle the step is a nice snug fit but the other one needs a spacer to make it a tight fit . I have spent 45 years in fabrication , maintenance and repair and know that it is impossible to have ` one size fit all ' -LSB- just ask your wife -RSB- the unit is well designed , has a great non slip tread and the fold up holds tight.Before you buy and complain , to design this unit with an adjustable tongue it would cost double the price . If you have any mechanical ability at all you should be able to get a snug fit on any reciever .
 Does exactly what it says . I have actually jammed this step into a couple concrete barriers by accident and it is still functioning perfectly . I read the negative reviews by some others and ordered it anyway . Those who say it does n't fit their receivers must have non standard pin hole locations . The caution for others would be to first check to assure you have the pin hole set back in your receiver .
 Great product . Fit was good , but a few of the holes had to be adjusted a little bit . Ca n't beat it for the money .
 good steel and product no oil pan gasket . but the front oil pan bolt hole on passenger side is off by a half centimeter little fileing and she fit right in ...
 These pads are superior to oem pads . The braking action is superb.Highly recommnded for replacing motorcycle brake pads .
 I LOVE THIS SEAT ON MY 99 HD ROAD KING . IT HAD A SOFA SLEEPER FOR A SEAT WHEN I BOUGHT IT AND I HATED IT SO I FOUND THIS SEAT ON AMAZON . ITS A GREAT PRICE VERY NICE SEAT I WOULD RECOMEND IT TO ANYONE LOOKING FOR A COOL LOOKING SEAT THAT NOT ONLY LOOKS NICE BUT ALSO IS A COMEFERTABLE RIDING SEAT
 love it would buy it again , amazon rocks ! Get it . Keeps my car carpet clean . You will love it . Digital Fit .
 My thoughts : Works like a champ . It does n't say `` Lund '' on it anywhere . The edge all around the shield looks a little rough , like it was cut by a coping saw . It 's not bad , but I was expecting a more polished edge . It is an OK distance from the hood and it is just flexible enough that I should be able to wash/wax behind it . -LRB- Note
 Fits like a glove to underside of hood front , and installs with ease!I have a black truck and the shield looks like part of the hood.Go for it !
 I consider myself somewhat mechanically dumb but this shield took literally 5 minutes to install . All you need is a screwdriver . The bug shield stands out and makes my 06 Chevy Silverado look even better . Really adds alot to the look of the truck and seems indestructable ! Great product , Great Price !
 I purchased these brake pads for my Land Cruiser and the brakes are great . Now this was done along with new rotors but all is working well .
 I purchased this intake and put it in my Nissan Titan , it took about 20 minutes and works great . I drove 600 miles after I put it in and it does not have that annoying sound when you get to around 2500 rpm 's like all other intakes and gained about 2 more miles per gallon with the throttle body spacer I installed with it ! Great product and Amazon is an amazing place to order from , always honest and really efficient !!! Thanks Amazon !
 My husband got these a few years ago . They have held up well over the years , even with a muddy bird dog in the backseat . They are a great neutral color and fit nice and snug .
 I 've had a set of these lights installed on my Ranger for over 6 years . They have taken a monstrous beating , and still light up every time I flip the switch . One of the best sets available on the market , do n't go with the little 2-wire sets that all screw into a transformer block . These all run on one circuit -LRB- the wire goes from end of one neon to connect to the next rod -RRB- . Install is probably a shade more challenging , but they are one of the brightest . Highly recommended from someone that drives on less-than-quality roads . ^_^
 WeatherTech custom makes their products to fit your vehicle . They are sleek looking and protect your carpet . We use to just use the small carpets but they always managed to move around so much . Not with weathertech , they are secure .
 As described . Looks like a great fit all around . Bought front and back mats for brand new 2012 Toyota Rav4 .
 These fit as advertised , seem very durable , and look great . A must have for skiing , hiking , and any activity where you are tracking mud into the car . We have 2012 Rav4 as a reference .
 Just bought Weather Tech Custom Fit for my 2010 Rav4 . Fit perfectly . Spilled water stay on the mat . Love it
 I have these mats in the front and back seats , and cargo area of my 2008 Rav4 . They all fit perfectly . They are not quite what I expected in terms of the material - I was expecting a rubber material and these are more of a flexible plastic . But they do the job . Basically I was sick of trying to keep the carpet-type mats clean and this should be a lot easier to maintain . It does change the look of the interior to a more `` rugged '' look and less of a `` plush '' look so be prepared for that . Bottom line is this is just more practical . Since installing the mats I 've already had something spill in the cargo area and I was glad to just wipe it up rather than having the carpet professionally cleaned .
 Just as advertised , it fits like it was custom made . I did n't have to use the hook for driver side , it stays in place pretty well without the hook . Black works even with the tan interior .
 These floor liners are exactly what I was expecting . They fit perfectly and are easy to clean . I would highly recommend them for any vehicle .
 I purchased an entire set -LRB- front , back seat and cargo area -RRB- for our new Rav 4 . This is the third car we have outfitted with these amazing mats . The fit is perfect and its so easy to remove them and hose them down . When I removed them from one of our other cars , the carpet looked brand new ... helped in our re-sale value :-RRB- I obviously believe this product is worth the investment !
 Easy to put in . They are standing up nicely to all the abuse of the mud & sand tracked into them from Hurricane Sandy 's aftermath . Our roads & sidewalks are expected to be dirt-sand-laden for several more months . The mats are easy to remove , shake off , & re-insert . Thank you WeatherTech for a great product !
 FIT PERFECT . IF YOU WANT A PRODUCT TO FIT YOUR CAR AND LOOK GREAT THIS IS THE PRODUCT FOR YOU .
 Purchased these to protect our flooring in our Rav4 and I am seriously impressed with the fit . The liners look as though they are built into the vehicle and the fit is very impressive.We purchased the front , rear and cargo liners and all of them are durable , well-fit and a wonderful addition to the vehicle.A word of advice though
 I 've had the front liners for about a month now and will be ordering the rear liners today . Here in Wisconsin , the winter months are rough on car interiors , especially the floors . The WeatherTech liners have performed flawlessly . I took them out today to clean them and the carpet still looks new . Definitely worth the money .
 The Quality is as stated . Will purchase more when I get a new car . The fit and finish is spot on .
 Great product . It keeps all the dirt and moisture off the floor and I am able to keep my vehicle clean because of it .
 This was super easy to install and fits perfectly . It is constructed with good , durable materials . My RAV4 has light color interior , and after three days of owning my new vehicle , my floor mats were getting dirty . So , I bought these . I chose black , which matches the interior of the doors . It blends in well , and it does n't look out of place .
 This floor liner fit my Rav4 perfectly and was not particuarly difficult to put in . Now I have some piece of mind knowing that the inside of my new Rav4 will not get mucked up and will continue to look good for awhile .
 Top shelf product made of heavy duty material . Computer designed for an exact fit for the RAV 4 floor . Minimizes leakage unto the rugs , a big concern in my heavy snow area where salt is used extensively .
 After installing this filter in my E46 330ci -LRB- 2002 -RRB- and driving it for the past week or so , I 'd generally agree with the prior reviewer . A couple of observations : For me , installation was closer to the 90 minutes stated by the manufacturer or maybe a bit more , slowed by the step of threading the foam trim around the often-awkward angles of the heat shield , and the lack of a couple of the hardware pieces that were supposed to be included -LRB- a nut and a couple of washers were missing , the latter of which turned up later -RRB- . The instructions also call for a bolt size -LRB- 3MM -RRB- that is different from the ones included -LRB- 10MM -RRB- , though the different-sized bolts still worked fine . I would have found a 10 mm deep socket to be very useful . Another tip
 I 've had the intake installed for about 1 mo. now . It definitely has an effect at 4k rpm and above , it wants to pull quite well at higher RPM ! The fuel economy was n't what I expected -LRB- no improvement -RRB- but I ca n't keep my foot out of it . A little bit more noise , but barely . Installation was easy -LRB- about 45 min , I 'm a perfectionist -RRB- but the foam gasket provided was about 4 '' too short to install as instructed . All in all , worth a couple hundred bucks for the increase in higher RPM power and fun factor .
 The intake was easy to install . It took about 40 minutes . It sounds great inside and outside the car . When I shut the car off and get out it makes one quick `` sssuuup '' sound , which is a nice little reminder that it 's there :--RRB- I have n't noticed any performance gains . However , I am getting 3 more mpg . Amazon had the lowest price -LRB- I looked everywhere -RRB- .
 I replaced my washable K&N one week ago today . What a difference !! , Sounds better , more responsive , good fuel economy , highly recommended . Buy it now from amazon.com the lowest price on the net . Other sites charge $ 300 - $ 399 .
 This is a good product , has a quality feel to it and the sound is very nice at higher revs . The only negative is that it 's not 100 % fit to a German spec BMW 330ci , had to modify the metal a bit to get it to fit . But overall a good product .
 stock wise has a low price and fast shipping.i have ordered from them twice and i am very pleased.the timken bearing worked great , fit like the old one.the price was over half the one i purchased 4 years agoat a GM dealer .
 Best price direct from Amazon . with full backing of amazon Wow!went to timken manufacture web site to ensure I had correct part ... amazon confermed correct part ... old one was not `` howling '' yet but was `` growling '' alot ... Not any more ... Very happy ...
 Bearing fit no problem . Easiest install I 've ever done . Excellent price . Unit is direct replacement and has been fine since install .
 I paid my mechanic to hook my car up to his Tech II code reader . He told me which hubs to replace on my 2004 Impala . I bought them here and paid another guy to put them on . The speed sensors go out and give bogus readings when you are going slow usually just after starting the car . When turning , your wheels turn at different speeds , your computer system thinks one wheel is spinning and activates your traction control system which is essentially the same thing as your ABS . It pulses the brakes to slow down the wheel it thinks is spinning . Just like if you were spinning in the snow.They work great , the ABS and traction control check engine errors are gone and the whole front end is tight again . It 's like driving a new car.My car needed the two in the front . Actually one code said there may just be a wiring issue . Sometimes when replacing brakes the mechanics will hit these wire leads and damage them . But who really knows , if it is the leads you can wiggle them and try pushing the connectors together . If that does n't work you can replace the hub.These are half the cost of the GM parts department at your Chevy dealer .
 I purchased a set of Timken wheel bearings for my Cadillac DTS . Timken hubs are made in the USA and have a history of manufacturing high quality hubs and bearings . The AC Delco replacement was nearly 150.00 more than this bearing . I installed the bearings myself in about 2 hours for both front wheels . I have driving approximately 10,000 miles with no issues . Overall with parts and labor I saved 400.00 over the dealer price .
 Installed easily on my 2002 Pontiac Montana , bolts on spindle and abs wiring snaps right on . After 500 miles the bearings are tight and spinning smoothly with with no noise .
 Although I wo n't know for some time , I expect a minimum of 100,000 miles of durability from a Timken product in this application . Based on past experience , I have faith that this Timkin hub will be better than the large assortment of cheaper hub assemblies that are available online . The price was less than what I would have paid for a Federal Mogul / Moog bearing locally , but more than the various aftermarket hubs available from unknown manufactures . Even though it 's not the most difficult thing to change a hub , I would rather use a better part to start with than be forced to redo the repair later because of a poorly manufactured part . I would suggest that you go to Timken 's website and use their application chart to determine which hub assembly to buy . Amazon 's auto parts locating tool kept bringing up the wrong part number in my case .
 Needed to replace both front wheel bearing assemblies . Buying online saved me $ 70 . Free shipping with supersaver . Item arrived 5 days later . Ca n't beat Timken quality . You can find cheaper bearings but you 'll wind up doing the job again .
 This is a car part and it 's hard to get too excited over a car part.The shop that fixed a different problem with my car said I needed new bearing assemblies and quoted me about $ 1350 for the job . I looked around and found these assemblies for under a hundred bucks each . I checked my repair manual and it looked like a pretty easy DIY job . I could n't quite understand the $ 1350 quote -LRB- and I wo n't go back to that shop again . -RRB- Amazon delivered the parts in their usual timely manner . The parts seem to be high quality . I was able to get a slide hammer and hub nut socket on loan from Auto Zone . The job was easy . If you know how to replace brakes , you can replace the bearing assemblies . It would take between 1 and 2 hours for the home mechanic to replace both sides . The part fit perfectly and so far , no problems -LRB- knock on wood . -RRB- Auto Zone sells these bearings , too , but their price is significantly higher than Amazon 's . Auto Zone lists 3 different bearings for my car . The other two are cheaper than these , but they have a 1 year warranty and this Timkin has a 3 year warranty . That is a good indication this is a quality part .
 These Timkens look just like the originals on the car and are the same you can find at local parts store . These are the whole bearing and hub with bolt studs and ABS connector . I 'd say for a do-it-youselfer like myself it 's kind of a hard job . Probly going to need an impact gun and I think mine was a 33mm center bolt on 04 grand prix . Hopefully your original 3 bolts on the back side come out easier then mine ! I replaced both front ones a few months ago because I could start to move the tire back and forth from top to bottom and have n't had any problems since .
 Went to Tires Plus to get my tires rotated . They suggested that I need wheel hubs because mine are worn . They quoted me $ 750 to replace the front wheel hubs . So I went on Amazon.com to find the best price . I found these Timken Axle Bearing and Hub Assemly # 513179 . Timken is made in the USA and I have used there bearings before . These hubs sold for $ 91 each . I did the repair myself and saved $ 570 rather than have Tires Plus do it for me .
 Easy install , included all needed parts . Bearing is nice and quiet , and seems better made than the OEM . Installed on 2005 Monte Carlo LT.Do yourself a favor and buy a Timken replacement assembly like this one instead of a generic . Better to pay more now than do it again down the road .
 Amazons part selector said this would not fit and wanted to sell me a different bearing which is out of stock on amazon . Found on other car part websites that this is listed to work with up to 2008 grand prix 's so I bought this one anyways . This did the trick to turn off abs and traction control lights on the car . Replaced the right front bearing at 116k and now this wheel is good to go for another 100k . Will buy another from amazon if ... . when the other side fails .
 Product arrived in excellent condition . Have installed it and it works great . Will wait to see if it lasts to give it 5 stars . This is a good DIY job if you have basic skills and the right tools . Saved a lot of money compared to getting it done at the dealership , anywhere from $ 270 - $ 420 . UPDATE
 This product is exactly what I expected . Timken has the history of being a quality company , the part was a drop in replacement , and my vehicle issue was solved . Always reply on Timken , I do .
 The Chinese bearings are cheaper . But , you will pay for them , at least , twice . Chinese bearings have , consistently , failed from 10k to 50k miles . My Left , Front bearing was changed -LRB- 3 -RRB- times in 50k miles . I was lucky each time in that I did n't get stuck on the side of the road . No more.Bearings should n't need to be changed every time you change oil.These bearings are Made in USA and will last as long as the OEM bearings in your car .
 If you can wait for the product in the mail I saved $ 80.00 over the local auto parts store price . That actually paid for the local mechanic to install them . Win Win
 great product . cant go wrong with timken . can tell its byilt with quality just by holding it in your hand . easy install .
 Timken has been known to make top notch bearings . The bearing is great quality , OE fit at a fraction of the price . Do n't bother with the offbrand ones , they are garbage . They do n't hold up and make all kinds of noise when they fail that does n't even sound like a wheel bearing . It will cost you more in the long run . Buy cheap ... buy twice !
 Great product ! I purchased a cheap hub when my passenger side went a couple years ago . Lo and behold , the drivers side is now shot and the passengers needs replaced also.These Timkens are much more substantial ... and were actually on sale for less than the `` cheap ones ''
 This is a good stuff , and Amazon offers a good price ~ $ 95 . You could find cheaper chinese copies for ~ $ 50 that do n't last a year - not worth it considering you pay dearly for labor every time you change it .
 I still do n't get the price differences between this provider and product and those from the dealer . These bearings were as advertised and delivered for substantially less money . Be careful when installing . Make sure you have the product lined up in the same way the original was .
 The front wheel bearings became very noisy in my 2003 Chevrolet Impala and one had a little looseness , so I had these installed by a local shop and the noise was completely gone . The shop had them installed in just a couple of hours .
 I have purchased Timken Hub Bearing 's and also the cheaper ones made in China , from my experience I have learned that you are better off to pay more for high quality car parts , go with USA Made Parts , they will last much longer and you wo n't have to do the work more than once.Timken is made in the USA and Amazon sells them for less than what you would pay for a cheap china made bearing from your local auto parts store .
 Pop off , pop on replacement of damaged marker lenses on my RV . Part number is molded-in to assure you have the correct lens .
 Great Product , Great Price , Quick Shipping , easy install , instructions could be a more clear . The ballasts do not fit where the instructions say , but there is plenty of wire to work with . Lights are extremely bright and really light up the road , I used a seperate switch so I control when they are on . Really looks great and I get alot of complements .
 2005 F150/5 .4 / K&N ; cold / 3 '' Flowmaster / Hypertech MAX ... This light kit is bay far the bes investment when it comes to lights . I have been tinkering with fog , driving lights , headlamp bulbs for almost 2 years and this by far is in a league all by itself . There are so bright that I may have to do some kind of mod to lower the aim for the oncoming drivers . I have stock height , but went 235 to a 265-70-17 . All in all so fantastic I am getting another for the F150 2008 I also have !!! Enjoy .
 Looks great on my truck , I took the original chrome trim off my grill and put on the new one . The lights are extremely bright . Wiring was really easy but there is alot of extra wire between the ballast and the light if you mount the ballast where the instructions show them . Overall I am very happy with the product , and the price was by far the lowest anywhere .
 My order came fast and was the right part fot the job , however the stud pack and Yellow O-ring had been opened before and the Yellow O-ring was obviously used.In fact it was destroyed and I had to go to Ford to buy another one . I was a little disapointed but these things happen when you resale returned parts but then again some bearing hub kits do n't even include the studs and O-ring . Timken bearings are the best and I saved quite a few dollars buying this part on Amazon .
 these lights fit perfectly and look great . the design requires you to move the front bumper out of the way to install . the stock ones are the same so in order to remove the old ones you have to do the same .
 These fit my '85 3/4 ton 2WD 454 just fine . You 'll be drilling out some rivets in the stock clamshells , but it 's not a huge deal . These fit the clamshells * sooo * much better than the stock rubber , and hold things in place . Hint # 1 - use a big drift to align the mount holes when you drop the engine in . Helpful hint # 2 , though
 This wheel hub bearing is great and you ca n't beat the price . One of the local stores , AZ , has them for more than $ 30 over and above the Amazon price . Their Duralast version is about the same price , but wears out quickly.I kept wondering why I was replacing them so often , I wondered this a lot because it 's really a pain to change them out . People said it was related to worn / loose motor and transmission mounts , so I replaced them all too . We still had the Duralast ones go bad afterwards.I switched to the Timkin wheel hub bearings and could immediatly see / feel that the steel seemed to be of a better quality . To make a long story a little bit shorter , they have lasted for several years now and I believe that it 's the Timekin quality making the difference . Just remember to replace the seals as well . The seals go into the hub between the hub and the CV joint . It also makes a difference .
 I put these on my 2005 Durango . They were easy to install , and the ride is much better with them on .
 The fan assembly fit like a glove in my Acura rsx . The only negative was it took 3weeks to ship when I purchased it from amazon .
 Direct fit . No complaints yet . Seems well built . Good welds . Very good price . We 'll have to see how long it lasts .
 We adore our mat . It is just wonderful for our messy lifestyle .
 The oil pan fit right on my honda civic with easy and works great !!! The product looked great , clean and seemed a better quality then the original one on the car !
 I had a stripped drain plug in my 1999 honda civic . It turns out that it is more expensive to buy a timecert thread repair kit then it is to buy a new oil pan . My old pan had a minor leak , plus the stripped plug , so I replaced it with this new pan . You must remove 2 small cast brackets to install this pan -LRB- fyi -RRB- , but you do not need the brackets anymore anyway . The only reason I gave this one 4 and not 5 stars is that there is no groove for the gasket so you have to be careful installing it , or the gasket will slip to the side . Either way , this is a nice pan , and works and fits well plus no more oil leak .
 No flash here , just your basic black helmet . Not the smallest helmet I have seen , so `` smallest '' is a relative term , it does fit inside the saddlebag . I have had no problems will the helmet , and feel it is a great buy for the money .
 I bought this helmet because it is a light and looks good I hove never to find out if it will work . . but I shipped on time and I have used it fits good and comfortable . Excellent price
 the measurement were n't quite right so be very sure what your size REALLY is . Awesome product that looks great too .
 Luckily I have n't fallen on my head yet so I really ca n't say if this helmet is any good or not . It was shipped real quick and looks cool . This is one of those products that you got ta have but hope you never need . So far so good in my case .
 I bought this item due to it 's economical price tag and because it fit the color and size requirements I desired . The item was shipped quickly and I am very pleased with the comfort and fit .
 I love the look and feel of this helmet
 I love it ! It fits perfectly and looks good too . I like that it does n't cover my entire face and I feel safe wearing it . And you ca n't beat the cost , very affordable . It also took no time getting it . Great buy !
 Helmet came relatively fast . It was packaged securely . Took it out of box , threw it on and got on my Metro scooter . Fit to size . Light helmet and zero bubble head look . I would say helmet is good for local roads , speeds under 35mph , ears and chin exposed , hence 1/2 helmet .
 Seems to be just a bit tighter fit than my other medium sized helmet of the same company . But very satisfied with the look and color . Has a closer profile than a lot of half helmets which improves the looks . Overall , satisfied and would purchase again .
 I went with the XXL because I 'm a pretty tall guy -- about 6 ' 5 '' -- and I have no complaints . I definitely feel safe in it .
 used to replace the the cast aluminum pan on my 98 prelude . had no fitment issues at all . much stronger than aluminum one i had before . hell of alot cheaper too
 Equal in quality to OEM part . Wish it included a gasket which was an extra $ 20 locally . Overall , very happy with all Dorman products I have used .
 Purchased this item to enhance look of my jeep and it has done just that great product.easy to install and looks great
 the item arrived in a timely maner , and looks great . my grandson will love this on his jeep . Im sure he will be a happy camper this christmas Thanks Pitbullman
 This is a very good looking gas door cover . It is not flimsy at all . Sturdy but not overly sturdy . It looks very sharp on my 2005 Jeep Wrangler . After I bought this I saw a similar product except that the outer rim of the product was black and the actual flip open lid was polished stainless steel . Having already bought this great gas door cover , I decided to paint mine to the same color scheme as the other I saw . I first applied a Rustoleum primer then a satin black finish . This gas door cover took the paint very well and it looks even better now ! You could do your own color scheme if you so desire or leave it as is . Fantastic product !
 After install it , I can see white light compare other brands , is not same bright compared HID but prety better and different than commun brand at regular spare parts stores
 The timken 515022 hub and bearing assembly was exactly as described , delivered as promised and a perfect fit onmy old ford 4x4 . It was also priced very reasonably . I would purchase from you again .
 I installed this intake on my 2008 4Runner -LRB- 4.7 L -RRB- in early 2011 . Installation only lasted about 2 hours -LRB- with help from the girlfriend -RRB- . The intake noise is definitely noticeable as are the power gains . What surprised me , however , was the increase in gas mileage . I 've read some reviews where people have said this is unlikely or impossible . Well , my 4Runner went from getting 19-20 MPG -LRB- @ 65mph -RRB- to 21-23MPG . Moreover , we recently towed a Toyota Corolla from California to North Dakota through winter weather and mountains . We averaged almost 18 -LRB- 17.6 -RRB- MPG over the whole trip with a 3,000 LB car behind us.Don ' t let the intake noise scare you from this purchase . It growls a lot if you 're deep into the throttle , but it 's barely noticeable at highway cruising speeds.One piece of advice
 I installed it in my 2007 4Runner -LRB- 4x4 , V8 -RRB- and it works great . It took me about two hours to replace the stock Airfilter but I took my time since it was my first time working on this car .
 The DashMat arrived on time ; in perfect shape . It was the exact match for my pick-up , and the velcro that came with it secured it in place very well .
 i like the fact that its fade resistant and i know that its made out of carpet because i do n't know what valuer is.however finding a product for my 1999 dodge was to hard using what amzon had and the company 's list of models that the dash board cover was for , so i found this one for a 1997 base model and it fits but has one are where its two big for my truck plus the picture is not like what i received this the one in the pic would probably have fit better
 Purchased and installed on cab of 4WD compact tractor for use with rear-mounted snow blower.Blowing snow just melts on contact leaving rear view clear . Also works great in freezing rain/mist .
 Great product.Heavy duty and they look great in my 2002 VW Passat . They do n't slide at all . I would definitely recommend them to anyone wishing to purchase them .
 I was very pleased with the Black Diamond Plate Rear tail corner pieces . They were fairly easy to install . I bought them for my son 's jeep after he had backed into something and put a dent on the rear corner . These covered up the area and really look nice . My son was really happy with them .
 Overall a good product that looks good on the TJ . I purchased them to cover up a dent received on a trail ride . Relatively easy installation , I have had some problems with one not sticking well on one corner . I put two self tapping screws in the corners and that solved the problem . Product seems pretty durable so far . I would recommend this product to cover up those minor `` trail mishaps '' and add to the looks of a rig .
 These bulbs are of great quality and light up the road tremendously when compared to my previous OEM bulbs . The brightness is not blinding to other drivers so you wo n't be hated by others driving ahead/opposite of you .
 These bulbs are really good products . They are made in Germany and that should tell you a little about quality . . especially comparing to China products . I 've only had them a little over a month and expect they will last many more ... we will see .
 Hi , I tried many other headlights for my wifes car until I found these . Please learn from my mistakes and do not buy the exotic bulbs that are out there . These bulbs are some of brightest bulbs I have seen , they will illuminate the road ahead and are not pricier than the other bulbs . TRY the you will LIKE them !
 This is the best deal in clamps which says simply , I can not afford not to buy Ideal hose clamps . They work ; they are inexpensive ; and best of all you get a box full for the cost of going to buy one at the parts store . The usual queston when confronted with a broken clamp is how will you get to the parts store in the first place . If you are 10 miles from shore it gets a lot more interesting.If you have not seen a broken clamp let your , or someone elses , coolant go out on the ground , you have not been watching.I learned on a sinking boat that doubling up on clamps is a good idea as the guy that owned the boat before me installed 3 on each end all the hoses but one . He missed one place where he could not easily reach or see . I was able to move a back up clamp to the popped one.Only folks who have no place for anything and get rid of everything they are not using at the moment including screwdrivers , would not keep a full box of every size in use . 5 sizes will pretty much cover your needs for a very long time.Really affluent folks rely on the tow truck to the repair shop and the rental car . I am not that person.EVEN if you only use one out of fifty over ten years , if you had it to install the fifty are paid for . Gas just crossed $ 5 and it takes that much just to go to your napa store if you had a spare car to drive there.I keep my cars for as much as 30 years as is my best car . Not using new clamps when changing hoses is not very smart unless it is all you can do at the moment . On older vehicles clamps that look fine often twist and break when you try to unscrew them . Taking time to back up your existing clamps is good thinking.Once upon a time I came upon a guy with a bunch of steam coming out of his car in the middle of the night.Heater hose blown.What to do?Since I was in my service truck , I had a couple used spark plugs and a large assortment of hose clamps . Cut the popped hos at the break and stuck in a couple spark plugs secured with two hose clamps . No charge . I live on the Island of Hawaii and you really have a difficult time giving anything away without improving your own lot when the chips are down . Stuff seems to come back by magic .
 This bag is a perfect size to carry a small tool kit.It is completely out of the way , an is easy to strap on.This bag is also cheap on the wallet , i have 3 of them .
 So far I am very happy with this set , and have had no issues after a couple months of riding on it .
 I bolted this on to my '99 GMC Sierra Z71 with the 4.3 and it made an obvious and immediate difference . Most of the noticeable gain is in the low end of the RPM range , but you can tell there is more torque and horsepower throughout the entire range . The throttle response was much better and the extra low end torque aided during takeoff . For $ 45 it was a steal for the gain my truck received . I 'm guessing the mileage will see a good improvement too , but I ca n't comment on that since I installed it today . The extra torque is noticeable at highway/interstate speeds and allows the truck to stay in OD up hills where it would have upshifted for a power gain before . The parts included worked great except that the bolt/spacer combo for the throttle cable mount was not the correct setup for my model of truck . We were able to avoid a trip to the hardware store by using one spacer below the mount and cutting another in half and using on the top half of the mount . All in all I would highly recommend this ! TD Performance has it right on this one .
 I did a ton of research on TBI spacers before making a purchase . I did a Google search and found that trans-dapt makes one at less than half of what the other companies charge . The install was quite easy , the instructions were a bit vague though -LRB- I 've been under a hood or 2 in my day so it did n't really matter -RRB- , and 2 of the bolts were wrong for my application . It took maybe 30-45 minutes not counting the trip to sears hardware and i did not use the base gasket that came with it , i used the factory gasket to seal the spacer to the manifold and the provided gasket for the spacer to the tbi unit . It leaked and the idle stumbled really bad when i used both provided gaskets , i took it back apart and reused the factory gasket and all was well . The seat of the pants dyno reflects a more sensitive throttle response and peppier acceleration , the wallet dyno reflects approx 2mpg increase ... not too shabby for a $ 50 performance part . I just wish they would make one for my 5.3 L silverado !!
 Bought this for my 91 Nissan I do n't think it 's worth what I paid for ... took a lot to keep it from moving around . Looks good and fit great but the staying down part took some time and patience .
 These shocks are a marvelous upgrade to the stock Motorcraft shocks that were on my truck . Ride nice , smooth over bumps , A +
 I am very happy with this kit as it fits my Mazda perfectly . Best of all , it comes complete with the grommets -LRB- unlike other makes -RRB- , which is great as I do n't have to reuse the old ones . So far , the seals are doing their job of sealing the cover with no signs of any leakage . Great product at very reasonable price .
 I honestly have to say , this is a good exhaust !!! I just had it installed onto my 92 acura legend w/V6 . The sound is n't as loud as i thought it would be , not as loud as the coffee can muffler civics , but loud enough to turn heads . low end sound is just wonderful , but once you hit high end the sound then gets a little quite and staarts blending in t o the sound of the intake and makes you wan na floor it even more . I have to say , if your looking for an exhaust thats loud but not too obnoxious , this is the one for you !
 I looked everywhere on and offline for a dash cover or mat or carpet for my Moms car . Dash mat is a product I have used and purchased in the past . I was happy with the Dash Mat I purchased this time as far as quality of the product . I was disappointed that everywhere I turned I could not get a color picture of the actual color of the Dash Mat I get that maybe there were only a couple of colors and I think a couple might look good either way . None the less because I was n't shown a full bill of goods so to speak I have to deduct 1 star for not giving all the info . The product Dash Mat is an awesome product otherwise as it cools your dash off and keeps even dust fom being a big problem but the biggie is the lowering of solar radiation through the windshield . As a resident of Arizona I can appreciate even a few degrees lowered temp on a110 degree day .
 great performance plugs for my chevy powered hot rod they out performed other plugs i was using you may pay more for this product but well worth the price i also thank amazon for their great service for resolving a minor problem immediately a very satisfied amazon customer M.C.
 FOR THE BEST PERFORMANCE THESE PLUGS WORK GREAT I HAVE A ULTA HIGH COMPRESSION MOTOR THAT NEEDS THE BEST PLUGS THESE ARE ALREADY PRE GAPPEDAND THEY ARE INDEXED FOR THE BEST EXHUST BLAST
 I used to swear by the bosch p4 platinum plugs until I used these . Not to say the p4 is n't a great plug , but I found that they do n't make plugs for a number of cars . I 've used the E3 plugs on my 4x4 and my daily driver nissan maxima for great results . Both saw improvements in gas mileage , power at lower rpms and smoother idle . Granted this is compared to a soiled plug so do your homework if you 're doing a performance build but as far as having a good plug that does n't need to be gapped I 'd give these a shot .
 Well made , I too thought he was so good , he would be gone in short order . First one lasted until Halloween , when he left with a tricker . Have had the second one on for couple of years and have a backup ready . Do I like this cowboy you bet . well constructed heavy duty .
 Love it although I have n't used it yet . I 'm scared that someone else will like it enough to steal it !!
 Applied these per instructions , The double stick tape should be a little thicker to really catch the body better , so it stays put . I actually added some of mine to it , so it would stay . Product does what it 's supposed to , protects corners and is stylish . .
 I wanted to replace my black PIAA covers with chrome and was misled by the picture above showing 2 covers . I placed an order but received only one . If I spent a couple of seconds to read the whole product description I probably would have figured it out . I just ordered the second but might have thought twice if I originally knew it was going to be $ 50 for the pair . Still happy though . They look great .
 Great price , did n't come with adhesives but had those anyway . Supposedly they shrink slightly over time so be aware when adhering them to your dash . Mine was a lighter color than I expected but that also keeps the dash cool . Fits the dash just fine . Happy with it .
 Used this on a custom made cold-air for my modified 94 Mustang GT . Fit and worked great ... just all around great product .
 This thing works great . It came to me in perfect condition and fit the adapter I bought so that I could use my stock intake setup . My fuel efficiency is about the same but the sound my car makes at wide open throttle is wonderful . When the car is idling , you can hear the intake sucking in air , which really makes me doubt the stock airbox . Great purchase . I have been using it for close to 20k miles .
 These worked great for a 1960 Willy 's CJ-3B conversion from the original F-Head engine over to a Chevy V6 , 4.3 Liter , TBI `` Vortec '' with 4-60E -LRB- Automatic Overdrive -RRB- transmission . There is also a `` drilled frame holes '' version of these mounts but I did n't see those at the same `` low '' price . besides , if you need to drill holes , just drill these . I 'm going to weld.If you are doing the same conversion , MOCK ALL PARTS before doing any final drilling or welding . ALWAYS be sure to have proper support for any heavy metal parts so that no one gets hurt !! -LRB- Jack Stands , engine hoists , etc. . . -RRB- Great fun too !! Take care & God Bless !!
 I did n't realize it was a photo copy of an original manual , some text is hidden in the binding , but it should serve its purpose .
 These are great lights . I have a Dodge and the headlights are meager at best . These make a huge difference I 'm happy with them and would recommind them to others.Okay I am adding to this review due to a malfunctioning light . I was driving home and the drivers side light went out worried I was going to be stuck with a bad light I called PIAA customer support . I spoke with Kayla and all I had to do was send a copy of my Amazon invoice to her and she 's going to get a new light out to me to replace the bad one . Great company great support great lights .
 Easy install of the lights on BMW R1200GS Adventure . Wow , what a difference in the high beam light path!The only negative is that the rim of the lens is clear & a lot of light is cast 90 degrees to the main light path . On the bike , this meant lots of scattered light onto the windshield , fairing , etc. . I used high temp black paint to paint the rim & that has taken care of the problem , except the paint will eventually need touching up .
 Very bright lights . More of a directional spot light that focus specific area . If your looking to light up the road 30 feet ahead or sand dunes like I did on my new Yamaha Rhino , these are the lights to buy .
 Very bright lights ! Was almost as bright as my stock dodge ram lights . Now with my retrofitted HID and these lights , It is almost like daylight !
 After getting tired of hanging off the side of my bike to follow that white or yellow line in the fog cause I cant see anything infront of me I decided to get some fog lights on my bike . Got the piaa mounting brackets and everything went on and wired up in a few hours without a hitch . Have used it in the fog on numerous occasions and it does help allot with them angled down right , there are instructions on how to angle them if you are going to use them for fog lights . There are still times that I have to hang off the bike to see the line but with fog you just cant avoid that when its really bad , best to stay home if you can . If you have to go out in it though these work great for me . I also like to take the angeles crest hwy from la canada , ca over through wrightwood down to the 138 across the 15 and then up into crestline ca where I live . Its a couple hours of twistys through the mountains with rock and gravel debris around many of the corners once you get past newcombs ranch , not to mention you are contending with wildlife , bears and so on . So even if there is no fog I light these babys up when I am taking that route and when coupled with my high beems it turns night into day , I have managed to avoid all the debris and have seen all the gravel patches really well so far -LRB- dont want to jinx myself -RRB- . I feel very comfortable riding that highway at night with these lights . Bright , Super White -LRB- makes my factory motorcycle bulb look yellow somehow -RRB- marked improvement in the fog . Worth the money imo .
 PIAA has a high quality product . The provided harness is is well executed with his high quality fuse holder , relay and switch . Ease of installation depends on several factors and vary according to applications . But I wish PIAA would offer some kinds of adapters to increase flexibility of installation . These lights offer a good addition to high beams ... but I was expecting a bit more light output ... but I understand it is a compact light ... and I 'm the kind of guy always asking for more ... it is never enough !
 no matter what the use , these lights work great . i have these mounted on several toys and always mount easy and create more then enough lights ! for the money you can not do any better
 Installed in a flash , used most of the wire harness sent and spliced it with my factory fog light switch . I have 4 of these in my winch bumper and they are just as bright as my high beams in my 2010 f350 with a much whiter light .
 This item came well packaged and had everything needed for installation . The lights are very bright and look great installed in my Iron Bull Bumper .
 NICE LIGHTS TO HELP SEE IN THE DARK WISCONSIN NIGHT . VERY EASY TO INSTALL TOOK MAYBE HOUR AND HALF . ALSO HELP TO SEE IN SNOW STORMS . I WOULD RECOMMEND TO ANYONE WHO WANTS TO SEE A LITTLE MORE .
 So , I bought the PIAA 5192 510 SMR Xtreme White Driving Lamps in April 2012 and had them professionally installed.It 's Sept 2012 and I have n't used them much -LRB- less than 5 hours total -RRB- I really like the way they look and the way they mount on my Hunter Bull Bar , but the bulb going out this quick makes me disappointed . I dont know if anyone else is having this problem . The bulb is not covered in the warranty which it clearly states which is good for them and bad for me . : -RRB- Hope this helps your decision .
 Great product . Put them on my bike . Really light up the road . And the quality is top notch . Definitely get these if you want a great set of lights in a small package .
 I installed these on my aires bull bar and it looks great . Very easy to plug in and install . I have to be carefull to not have them aimed too high . other cars get pretty mad . very bright .
 I purchased a extreme duty bumper from Iron Bull Bumpers and they recommended these fog lamps to place in the fog lamp holes . I would highly recommend these lights for fog lamp replacement . The wiring harness is a good one although I did not need it because I retained the one off of my 2005 Ford Ranger fog lamp switch . These lights are very high quality and well worth the price . My next purchase will be the lamps for the top of my bumper . These lamps are bright and very sturdy . A must buy for extra lighting plus they look real cool too ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 You get what you pay for . I was very happy upon receiving the for my 1980 fj40 . They were simple to install and work perfect . The lights themselves are heavy and sturdy . The wiringharness is very well thought out and quality . I would highly recommend these to anyone looking for a quality set of driving lights .
 these are a great addition to my truck to aid in seeing at night when off road . these lights are easily aimed to the front or the sides of the main head light beams to light up more of the surroundings . they also can be used in some areas to work in tandem with regular headlights in inclement weather or during hours of darkness .
 I chose this brand of wheel locks because I have used these in the past on another vehicle and am very happy with the product.They are nice looking and well made.These particular ones I put on our 2012 Ford Edge with 20 &#34; wheels and they fit perfectly , even with a narrow opening.In my opinion these are the best wheel looks out there .
 Excellent quality at a fair price . And the design blends in well with the original wheel nuts . I purchased three sets for all my vehicles .
 I have n't had these on my 2004 jeep grand cherokee for long but so far they work like I expected .
 Bought these for a backup \ replaceable for my wheel locks because a mechanic told me that all nut locks rust out after awhile , and become too difficult to gt off and can ruin the rim . My goal is to have a backup when I get my yearly rotation . If the one I have locks OK , then fine , but if it is rusting out , I can change it . My initial goal was to put two on each while . On a side note , keep in mind that these types of locks rust easily , so keep them lubricated and change them every few years or they will become hard to take off . Also , while it is tempting , avoid purchasing 2 per wheel because some shops will charge you to take them off if they are too difficult to remove for tire rotations , etc. . The rust may also affect your rim \ screws .
 Bought these to lock down chrome wheels on a tandem Prestige trailer for a 236 SSi Chaparral boat . Very close finish match to the wheels , and great thin wall socket quality . Highly recommend .
 These products have been used in my vehicles since I heard about them . Fifteen years now.No failures.I would suggest that some zerks should be installed if the vehicle is used off-road . The squeaking does n't go away .
 This was my first purchase on Amazon . The bushings arrived 4 days before scheduled , everything looked good ! I was able to get my rig back on the road sooner than planned thanks to Amazon , and I saved about $ 30 !!!!
 I have focused almost exclusively on the Interior section , so my review may be somewhat limited . But ... my experience is that the manual provides good descriptions and clear instructions . While pictures may not be excellent , that are adequate . If you need to work on a classic Olds , I 'd recommend this manual .
 I bought this so I could work on my 67 olds and wanted the best so I bought this instead of a Chilton 's or Haynes manual . It is way more detailed than I need it to be which is a good thing ! Highly recommendeed if you plan on doing a lot of work on your car yourself .
 OEM style turn signals for mid to late ' 80 's sport bikes . Comes with bulb and has a rubber stalk . Includes plenty of wire to get this connected . Amber plastic lense and metal bolt in stock . These look like the OEM blinkers on Kawasaki and some other older sport bikes .
 I ordered this from another vendor and got something totally different.Found this and it is the real deal and it is small enough to take on any trip .
 This is a great little battery charger . Gives a full charge in about an hour . Worked great !
 i did a little searching and view the Putco brand as being a good choice . there were others out there that were 1/2 the cost , but quality seemed poor in the pictures . Please check websites carefully and check many of them as prices varied by more than -LSB- ... -RSB- for the same thing . I got mine for -LSB- ... -RSB- after much research ... then as you know it , found it for 79 elsewhere ... but compare shipping too ! it adds up more on some . Looks Great !
 works well and fits perfectly a lot better than the stock air filter now my car has noticeably more power than it had before and it had fast shipment and was delivered on time
 I used this to build a `` stealth '' cold air intake for my wife 's car . Looks factory , but the motor can breathe now!As usual , K&N ; did n't let me down . A great price here on Amazon and a great quality product .
 awesome product at a great price ! K&N never lets me down . I was able to select ths based on dimensions for a custom application and it arrived qickly ...
 This filter is possibly the easiest and most cost effective modification you can do for your car . It took me less than 5 minutes to install , zero preparation and only my keys as an improvised screwedriver . It even comes with a clamp and K&N decal .
 Excellent product ... put this in and changed to royal purple synthetic . Got an instant Horse power increase ... . will recommend to anyone looking for that extra juice
 Needed to replace my air filter for y cold air intake for my Gand prix 2011 . Had looked at multi places and recieved the wrong one before . Finally got the correct one !
 The filter has many benifits to it aside from good gas mileage . I installed this in a kia spectra , that had a paper filter stock . It was ok before but know it is much more powerful , and revs much better . I have n't found out if it gets better mileage but I 'm assuming it does if it gets more power , it will get better mileage . Any K&N ; filter will be good , as long as its a cone shape . Something else that I noticed was the increased resonance from the ingine . Its a something that I like to see in the car , its louder . If you what a better sounding engine , and more power , and possilby better mpg this is for you.To the people that did not find this helpful let me know in the comment section below
 These pushbuttons worked perfectly for the Nos and the Trans brake in our 1300RWHP Toyota supra . Inexpensive and fast delivery and failure free with how we used them . I do recommend them to others for similar uses
 I purchased a set of trailer lights and I received them within 1 week of purchase . I was very pleased .
 These are not LED lights but they seem to work well and for $ 15 if I get more than a year out of them I 'll be happy .
 The remote door lock for my Bonnieville is as advertised . It works well . The local dealer agreed to program it for no charge .
 I purchased this item after spending a good hour looking online for tail lights for my 2000 ford explorer . Th eother tail lights are either too pricey for the design or just plain old ugly . After seeing this one , I decided to purchase it . The item arrived shortly there after and was very easy to install . So far I have yet to see this item on any other vehicle since I purchased it and even well before that . Only issue I have with it and it might be a manufacturer defect , is that when it rains , the upper area seems to get water or like a mist in it which leads me to believe that it is not sealed properly . But it might just be an issue with mine . Aside from that , if you want tail lights that not everyone has , this is the one for you .
 My husband installed this fairly quickly onto our 4Runner . It blends in nicely to the car , so much so that I forgot he installed them and did n't notice it until I got in the car ! The only issue we have found is that on the driver side it causes the automatic window to go back down immediately -LRB- because of the sensor -RRB- , but that is not a big deal . My husband has commented that he likes how it allows him to leave the windows slightly open without worry of rain or anything else getting in . He also commented that he believes that it gives him extra shade from the sun .
 This product is very good . It conforms well to the contours of the vehicle and provides protection to all the carpeting . I previously had a Catch-all type mat , but it wore a hole through where my heal rested and the plastic became soft and pliable . This Weathertech seems more durable and certainly a lot easier to clean .
 I used the Actron kit to replace the brake fluid in my jeep . I removed the Master Cylinder cover , then sucked the fluid out each wheel cylinder bleed valve individually -LRB- while topping off the reservoir with fresh fluid -RRB- until each cylinder ran clean . It was a one man operation with all the bubbles coming out the bleed screw -LRB- I put some grease on the bleed screw fittings so my tygon tubing made a good seal -RRB- . I bought an extra length of tygon tubing at the hardware store so I could have extra room .
 I 'm a real DIYer and really enjoy maintaining my vehicles . One item that most people overlook is flushing out the brake fluid every year or two . On a new vehicle the brake fluid looks clear like water but after a couple of years it starts to look like ice tea which means that it has attracted moisture which is normal for Dot 3 brake fluid . If you let it go the wheel cylinders and brake calipers are prone to corrosion and after so long they will start to leak which is not good . I purchased this Actron Vacuum pump/Brake Bleed Kit so I could flush out my brake lines when the brake fluid starts getting dark in color . If you have someone to help you they can keep the master cylinder topped off while you apply a vacuum to each bleeder screw . If you do n't have anyone to help you , you can go to a hardware store and purchase a length of plastic hose the same diameter as the hose supplied in a length long enough to reach from the farthest bleeder screw to the master cylinder under the hood . That way you can monitor the brake fluid level in the master cylinder so you do n't inadvertently empty it . The extended life span of the wheel cylinders and calipers will more than pay for the cost of this tool .
 got to bleed the brakes on my atv , worked great , had some issues with my brakes , but no fault to the bleed kit . good working unit .
 This is a great product ! I was able to change the brake fluid in my harley in no time -LRB- the last time i tried this I finally gave up and let my local harley mechanic finish -RRB- . There was a little bit of a learning curve with the rear -LRB- getting everything sealed to form a vacuum -RRB- , but the front was a piece of cake . I only have one hint - make sure to have some petroleum jelly -LRB- or grease -RRB- on hand before you begin . I had to really `` goop '' up the outside of the cup rim for a good seal - otherwise no problems .
 the Actron CP7835 vacuum pump brake bleed kit makes bleeding motorcycle brakes an easy task with no mess . It took me no longer than 20 minuted to bleed the rear brake on my 2007 Guzzi . 10 of those minutes was spent reading the directions on how to use the tool . This is an absolute must for those of you who prefer to service your own bike .
 the actron cp7835 vacuum pump worked great , works best with two people as one can watch the master cylinder and not let it go dry .
 Cost less than local stores.Did the job I needed done.Delivery was right on time.Nothing to complain about.Great value for the dollar !
 This is a good product and it appears to be built well and is suited for things like bleeding breaks or siphoning out some excess fluid . However I that it had a reverse flow based on the title vacuum pump . I know silly me . It does not just in case you read into things like I do . If all your looking for is suction this is the product for you . If your looking for pressures keep on shopping .
 Just like the title says , this filter is perfect for do it yourself fabrication installs . I personally used a piece of 2 '' EMT conduit from work to relocate this filter about 18 '' off the turbo inlet . It works perfect , was cheap , and I get a sense of pride from making my own intake `` system '' . Ca n't go wrong with a K&N !
 Great Product , use it every day . I place it on Engines , Frames , lifts and anywhere in between . Pretty cheap considering how much they want for it on a Tool Truck .
 I LOVE MY LUG NUT SET COMES WITH EVERYTHING YOU NEED FOR YOUR RIDE AT LEAST HALF THE PRICE I SAW ONLINE OR IN STORES GREAT PRODUCT , GOT TO ME FAST ALSO
 Great product . Installation was easy . I installed it in a spare distributor and then switched distributors . Wiring was easy enough . Instructions were good . Engine starts much faster . I recommend the conversion and quit messing with foreign poor quality contacts !
 I installed the Petronix 1281 in my 1966 T-Bird along with a 40011 Flame Thrower coil . The installation was very simple and I 'm very satisfied with the way the products perform . I was able to re-gap the plugs from .035 to .045 which should give me longer plug life .
 works great and was easy to install . i noticed the difference right away . the truck ran smoother .
 I have a 1973 ford F100 that used to hesitate when moving out from a stop sign . Partly the Accelerator pump but after I added the Electronic ignition 3/4 of the hesitation was gone . My wife no longer fears the truck stalling at an intersection . The truck has a gas guzzing Ford 8 MPG 360 in it so my next step is to open up the spark plug gap to 40 thousandths and hopefully improve the milage . The coil provides 40,00 volts so the plug gap should not be a problem at all . Installation was a snap Took me less than 20 minutes .
 Bought the Pertronix Ignitor for my 66 Ford Bronco with a 289 and WOW ... what a difference . Used to be really `` cold blooded '' and hard to start.Now it fires right up and seems to run cleaner . Bought the Flamethrower coil to go with it and I am very pleased with the purchase.Never going back to points again!Amazon.com was easy to use and the product arrived within about a week
 so easy to install and relatively inexpensive compared to a new distributor . a no brainer . will definitely use on any points type distributors i come across .
 Got an old point fired ignition on your car that needs lots of maintenance and has poor start ups in cold weather or the carb choke sticks and partial floods the spark plugs and you have to remove and clean them all the time or replace , install a pertronix ignition and stop those problems . I have installed many of these and my customers love me . Try one and love yourself for stopping the aggravation on start up and drive ability increases 100 % ...
 In the long run the PerTronix ignitor saves time and money with less tune-ups . The car starts faster and eliminates any hiccups at highway speeds
 Man they were easy to instale and very little to tweak them . No more gapping points the cost was well spent for future tune up parts needed
 Thicker then many of the other products and stickier than any other product I have seen like Lucas . This product seems to work well when STP Oil additive did nothing .
 These mats were purchased for a 64 Ford F100 . The trim lines in the mats created a perfect fit with minimal trimming . Great fit at a great price !
 I received the product pretty muc has soon as I hit the order button . Great product as well for my 2013 Ford Explorer
 I needed replacement mats for my Nissan truck . Most of the local stores carried mats that were either too cheap or two expensive -- and many were for sets of four , and I only needed two for the front of the vehicle.These arrived quickly and fit perfectly . They seem quite sturdy , but only time will tell , of course .
 The mats are okay . I just brought a new car and I purchased them so I could get the mats that came with the car clean from dirt and mud
 These mats are awesome . I ordered a set for my brother , and I ordered a set for myself a few days ago . . Awesome price compared to Wal Mart or any other site . I recommend these to everyone .
 It is larger than most floor mats . That 's why i purchased this product . I do n't know why passenger side one is a bit smaller than driver side one but it is not a big deal . It has some teeth under , so no slipping and no sliding . You can cut some edge to make it fit for your floor . Quite heavy duty rubber . Driver side floor math , underneath the pedals area is extra thick . Smart choice to me ...
 I ordered these mats for my F250 pickup because the price was much more reasonable than many out there . I must say I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of these mats . I am sure we will get many years of use from them .
 These are not a perfect fit , but very close with minor trimming . The price was great , and the material is excellent . Very high quality and will probably last many years .
 Made my own custom intake for a 99 neon . Works great and sounds good . It comes pre-lubed , but it appeared under lubed , so I add a little more .
 Awesome product . I was very concerned ordering OEM parts through Amazon but since this pan came in cheaper than anyone else and there was no problems , I have since bought other parts . Great product , will be here again .
 Actually , you might see a Harley in front of a shrink 's office , but it will probably belong to the shrink . Live free or die ... ride and escape life 's troubles . Those who ride rarely have issues that require laying on a couch to resolve .
 Purchased this for my 2009 Honda Odyssey , been looking around for all weather floor mats , but most of them cost over $ 50 . This one comes with 2 floor mats for front driver/passenger compartment , and you can trim it to fit your existing carpet floor mat easily ! The driver side mat has a extra thick protection by the heel , and I think that matters the most since that 's where the most wear and tear located . Once it 's set on the floor , it does not move.Also , the floor mats does n't have the usual bad `` rubber '' smell , you know what I mean , like someone with a bad BO haha : -RRB- Overall very pleased with the purchase , and recommend for anyone with truck / suv / mini-van with large area to cover . .
 I bought Raybestos brake pads , they where defective . I ordered another set which were defective . RockAuto says I must order another set which may be defective also - and I pay return shipping on all the defective pads . Fair ? -- SO , I ordered Centric Parts 100.09290 100 Series Brake Pad for my Outback and they work great - and they are quiet . Raybestos told me the two sets I got were defeative . I am over RockAuto also . I 'll be ordering my parts from Amazon in the future .
 The locks were easy to install once I got the interior door covers off , really adds to the styling of the interior , a nice touch that few others have , everyone noticed .
 This product meets all the needs of my vehicle and the price was 1/10th of the local price in my area . Great deal .
 Fit better than expected it was a perfect fit for my car now it runs like a champ Thanks amazon
 The guards are made nicely and fit perfectly on our Ford F450 Dump Truck . They are very durable and made to last .
 My engine is definivally running better vs.the Mobil 1 15w50 initially recommended by my engine builder with the 10w40 Red Line
 hose by gates are very well made plus made in U.S.A this hose work perfectly for my application thanks John
 I purchased this because the manufacturer claims that you wo n't have to clean it for 50,000-100 ,000 miles , as opposed to the paper air filters which I have to change every 10k . The manufacturer actually does not claim that you will have better gas mileage or more power , but I found that it has boosted the HP in my 2001 Nissan Frontier 4cyl a bit - I always had trouble accelerating up a particularly daunting hill after a stop sign , but now I have no trouble . My mpg did not seemingly change . One difference you 'll notice with this filter is that it 's a good deal stiffer and heavier than a paper filter , and you have to run a bead of grease -LRB- provided -RRB- around the inside of the housing in order to get a proper seal . Bottom line , base your decision on the cost of replacing your paper filter multiple times vs. the one-time cost of the K&N , and consider it a bonus if you get a performance or mpg boost .
 I purchased this filter in 1999 , at that time it had to be shipped from the U.K. to Texas . When I first installed this filter , well over 150,000 miles ago there was and still is much improved pedal response . I also have only used synthetic oil since I purchased the truck . I average about 27 mpg which is above factory claims , and most of my driving is around town . I am on my fourth recharge / cleaning kit . I cleaned it about a three months ago , and the inside of the air cleaner housing and throttle body , are as clean and immaculate as the day they rolled out of the factory , and I have never used grease sealant , my model did not come with or mention sealing grease . After I had for awhile , I purchased one for my girlfriend 's Pathfinder , and have one on order for her new Mini Cooper S. I will never own a car or truck that does not have a K&N ; filter on it , and I will always use synthetic oil . The 4 cyl engine has overhead cam , and the first cam lobe is easily visible from the oil filler cap , and there is not a mark on it . I will be honest the reason I use synthetic is that I will go anywhere from 6-12k miles before I change . The single best investment I have made in this truck was the K&N ; filter.It installed easily , same as standard paper filter , and with standard replacements costing from $ 10 - $ 14/ea and owning this for over 150k I have about $ 80-90 in the filter and the charger kits , I have saved at least $ 50 in filters and I get about 1 free gallon with every fill up at least $ 1000 in gas , not to mention lack of engine wear from the abrasive free clean air , well worth the initial investment . Anyone not using a K&N ; air filter is a fool.JPC
 After receiving the incorrect item the first time these were quickly replaced and this item fit first time . They look great and fit in the window channel instead of over the window frame as my last one , so hopefully they will stay in place .
 Hope it holds over time but for now it is fine . Got rid of the OEM on tire inflator that has a pesky fuse . This being direct is much better .
 This is a typical K&N air filter of fine quality . It fit my application well . I do n't have to buy another filter for my truck .
 COMPRE ESTE FILTRO PARA UNA MOTO HARLEY DYNA STREET BOB 2207 Y QUEDO MUY BIEN LA MOTO CORRE BIEN Y NO PRESENTA DIFERENCIA CON EL ANTERIOR FILTRO MUY BUENA COMPRA
 Fabulous ! My daughter in law took one from me because she liked it so much !
 These were the exact sponges I 've been searching for , since Hobby Lobby no longer carries them . They are odorless , washable in the dishwasher or washing machine , and a great price . When mine finally give out , I 'll order more !
 I used this for an upper radiator hose I was replacing . I decided to take a chance and try these . They work suprisingly well . Just make sure you have enough room to get a heat gun or blow torch in there .
 it takes 5 minutes to replace , less if you are missing the actual lamp . You only need a screw driver . The original one fell somewhere on the freeway therefore I added crazy glue to the corners since its only secure by one screw . Great product , hope it lasts !
 Love it got the light on time look so Nice and was a deictic fit to My car will use this site more .
 This is a great idea - a portable jump starter . Unfortunately , current-day battery technology does n't make it very practical . If , like me , you live in an area where you get cold weather your car is either sitting in cold temperatures or in the blazing sun . Neither condition is conducive to long battery life , so the Powermate is not likely to be fully charged for long if left where it makes the most sense - in your car . Mine spends most of its time in the house where it 's only useful for those rare times when the car 's battery has died in my driveway . Ideally , it needs some kind of system to keep itself fully charged while sitting in the car - you can hook it up to your car 's cigarette lighter to charge it but I do not get the impression from the instructions that this is a recommended procedure - it 's just not designed to be kept connected to a charging system 24/7 . Power and battery management is expensive and Coleman left it out of this product.If you 're thinking this will make you a self-contained AAA service , probably not . After long exposure to temperature extremes in your car you 'll likely find yourself stranded with both a dead car battery and a discharged jump starter and you 'll need a tow truck anyway . All told , this is a good idea that 's poorly executed . It needs to be kept at home and in the house to be fully charged and to keep the charge well enough to be of any use . There are other jump starters of a similar idea that run on D-cell batteries . Possibly a better idea - at least you 'd be more likely to breakdown near a convenience store where you could buy a few packs of fresh batteries - when this thing is dead , so are you - right in your tracks . If your battery is dead you ca n't charge this thing up from a dead car battery . It seemed like a good idea when I bought it - now I realize it was a waste of money - it 's just not functional in the `` real '' world .
 1 -RRB- Okay , it 's an older model , dose n't have the light2 -RRB- Keep in the box in my pick-up3 -RRB- Have jump started at least a dozen cars .4 -RRB- Inflated several tires5 -RRB- Just used the DC outlets for the past three days because my power is out to run : a -RRB- a small TVb -RRB- a portable DVD playerc -RRB- recharge my cell phoned -RRB- And yes , still has a full charge6 -RRB- granted , it wo n't start a car that with a `` fully '' dead battery , but either will my 50 amp jump starter
 I purchased new this Coleman Powermate PMJ8960 Jumpstarter in 2004 . It is now 2012 . I READ THE INSTRUCTIONS and Charged The Unit BEFORE I used it.First use was to start a High Performance , High Compression Hot-Rod with Blower . The Hot-Rod had a very dead battery where the solinoid was just clicking with the ignition switch turn . Hooked up the Coleman Jumpstarter , let it sit for a minute or two . The owner turned the Hot Rod 's key and The engine crancked to life in seconds ! The Hot Rod Owner and I where amazed this little jumpstarter did the trick so easily!I have used it on ocassion over the years , AND I periodically -LRB- every few months , 3 to 6 moths apart -RRB- plug the charger in to keep it healthy.This is another great Coleman Product!I believe the other reviewers who had bad luck with this jumpstarted had not maintained it properly to keep it healthy.Neil in California , Aerospace Engineer and Auto and Motorcycle restorer .
 I 've had this product for well over five years and it still holds a charge fine . I do n't leave it in the car to loose it 's charge over the course of the months and years , I keep it in the house and if I take a long road trip where I may be away from quick roadside service , then I bring it along . I use the light at camp and in the house during power outages and periodically charge the battery as needed or before road trips , being careful not to overcharge . No big deal . The several times I 've needed it to actually jump start a vehicle , it 's worked like a charm with power to spare . I just bought a 200W inverter -LRB- check out the `` powercup inverter '' on this very website : http://www.amazon.com/Power-Line-0900-66-200-Watt-Inverter/dp/B000QFISDK -RRB- so now I can recharge my cell phone , run my laptop , re charge the iPod , and even run a vacuum sealer to preserve the fish I am going to catch on my upcoming camping trip . You could even run a TV off this thing if desired . I 'll save the truck battery , and only re-charge the jump start battery while I 'm driving down the road . Bottom line , if you take care of the jump start battery like the directions tell you to , it wo n't let you down . Mine is still going strong after more than 5 years of light duty use . Getting something that runs off of D-cells sounds like a waste of resources to me ...
 I purchased this unit with the purpose in mind of using it as a portable power source for little things . For example , when I go camping it can provide power for lights , an air matress inflater , etc. . It can also be a longer lasting light source during a power outage than a typical flashlight . The rating of `` 10 amp/hour '' tells you it should be able to run something drawing ~ 10 amps for 1 hour , 5 amps for 2 hours , 3 amps for 3 hours , etc.As far as it living up to it 's title of `` jump starting '' a car , I 've not tried that & have doubts . I was taught in shop classes `` A good battery should maintain 10.5 V when a power draw of 1/2 it 's CCA rating is applied for 15 seconds . '' This jumpstart has been labeled as having a `` 250 CCA '' rating , but using a 100 amp load tester on a pretty new unit that was freshly charged , the voltage dropped to ~ 9.5 V . That test confirms to me that just like this is ~ 1/3 the size of a car battery , you wo n't get but about that much power from it -LRB- and I wonder if that `` 250 CCA '' rating is true -RRB- . The cars battery condition will also play a big role in whether or not this can `` boost '' you enough . If a cars battery is pretty weak -LRB- like from leaving your lights on while you went to a movie for 2 hours -RRB- but can still provide some power , this `` booster '' can give you some extra power . But if a cars battery is fully drained -LRB- like from leaving lights on all night long -RRB- and you hook this up to the dead battery , the dead battery will instantly start `` stealing '' power -LRB- to recharge itself -RRB- & probably drain this unit before you can even get from the hood to the driver seat & try to start the car . In that situation you wo n't get started without true jumper cables from another car , a full size car battery to jump from , or charging the cars battery for at least 20 minutes with a 10 + amp charger.If you like to keep this in your car you may want to pull it out & plug it in for 1/2 an hour every month to maintain it -LRB- rather than charging it 1 time and leaving it in your trunk until you suddenly need it . At the same time you pull it out , you may consider checking your spare tires air pressure & other such to be prepared for the unexpected -RRB- . In any case , do n't expect a small battery like this to provide that much power -LRB- even if they try and sell you with labels like `` 500 peak amps '' which they have on the box -RRB- and do n't expect it to hold a full charge forever without ever plugging it in .
 I bought this charger a few weeks ago and so far I 've been pleased with it . I 'm using it to recharge AA and AAA batteries for use in a variety of household devices , as well as my cell phone . It does need direct sun to charge , but I 've been successful using it indoors through a window if its pointed directly at the sun .
 These clamps are a great alternative to using traditional band clamps and make for a clean look under the hood . The only downside is removal , which requires delicate cutting so you do not damage the hose itself .
 Sometimes , when changing the style of intake manifold , the location of the water outlet is different . This swivel-water-neck , along with the correct hose will solve that problem .
 These are the BEST floor liners you can get , period . The fit is molded perfectly and it really improves the look of your car . I bought these for my Jeep Liberty as the factory mats were really worn out . Some of the carpet below the mats was damaged as well . These cover up all the damaged carpet and protect the floors from getting any more damage . You can spill drinks on these mats or track in snow and rain water without any problems or concern . The material is really heavy duty and you can tell these will last the life of the vehicle . They are expensive and I wish they were a bit more affordable but I still feel like they are worth it ! I researched similar floor mats that were about 30-40 dollars cheaper and they just did n't have the same fit and quality . You will not regret buying these floor mats ! I did get the slightly cheaper Husky mat for my cargo area as the quality seemed closer and the fit seems comparible for the Husky cargo mats .
 No more wet carpets , easy to clean . Fits like a glove.These fit so well i got my son a set for his truck !
 Great . I like the way they fit and they look good too . I would recommend for all vehicles and for all weather .
 I ordered and received the WeatherTech extreme duty floor liners quickly . I expected the WeatherTech product to have a very good fit and finish from it 's reputation . My expectations were too low , the quality of the WeatherTech extreme duty floor liners were far above my expectations . The WeatherTech floor Liner fit is `` like a glove '' . In the high heat of the Summer the WeatherTech floor liners hold their shape . Very happy with the WeatherTech extreme duty floor liners I would buy again .
 I chose 5 stars because they are very nice looking helmets . Got for my daughter and son-in-law and they tried them on and so far like them very much . Wo n't be able to use them till spring though .
 The product has great quality , also the instructions where easy to follow , it is a good product , and the value is the correct .
 I ordered a rear WeatherTech Uni-Mat/Uni-Liner -LRB- covers the entire rear seat carpet area -RRB- for my 2003 Yukon and I am 100 % satisfied . The coverage and the fit is exactly as illustrated in the picture and identified in the product description . The color blends in perfectly with the tan leather interior . My carpet is now dirt and liquid/stain free , which is exactly what I was looking for . I would recommend this product to anyone looking to protect their vehicle carpet .
 I 've always ordered weather tech floor liners because they are really some of the highest quality out there . Will buy again .
 These are tested by me on a daily basis during my work season , and im surprised at the durability and functionality of them in my truck . May be a bit bulky for some cars , but i put them through hell in my RAM . I expect they 'll do well this winter when we get all that snow thats coming :--RRB- Good mats , handle mud , leaves , grass clippings , and even light water that may drain from your boots . I like em .
 These struts were an exact replacement at less than 1/3 the cost of what I was quoted by dealer . They took me less than 10 minutes to replace both and no tools are necessary for these -LRB- though you may need a small , flat-bladed screwdriver to remove the factory ones -RRB- . And they work . Trunk deck no longer falls on me , but still latches easily . Very nice , comparatively low-cost solution to an annoying problem .
 Relatively cheap , fits , works.Step 1
 These struts were a great deal . Took about 10 minutes to switch out the worn out ones . What a difference to have assistance from the struts to lift the trunk lid and no more unexpected slams.I waited a long time to fix the trunk lid . If I knew how cheap , quick and easy it was to do this repair , I would have done it long ago .
 I Purchased two trunk lift supports for my 2004 Stratusafter my existing supports lost compression and the trunk lid becamea gillotine : - -RRB- The supports were easily intalled by using a small flathead screw driverto pull back each metal clip.Unfortunately , there are No installation instructions inclosed with theStrongArm supports ; You-tube has needed installation videos available .
 Removed old - had to use small screwdriver on clip and then pull off ball . New ones installed like a charm . Had to turn one end 180 degrees to line up both ends and then just pressed on . Could not have been easier . Lid works great -- will not be creaming my head anymore . Thanks for quick delivery too .
 My 10-year old Chrysler Sebring convertible was in need of these trunk lift supports . Very easy to install ... and I 'm female --------- imagine that !!
 came in the mail yesterday.was a little surprised at the size of the box .5 times as big as needed.bought two and guess they could n't find a smaller box.any way , they went right on as advertised.hold the lid up great . have to push it down now and do n't worry about getting my head chopped off .
 Have only had this item for approx 1 month , but it is fantastic . It saved me money rather than buying them through a local auto parts store . It was super easy to install and works great . It actually lifts the trunk lid once I initially begin to lift it open . It performs beyond my expectations . Would buy this again without question & would recommend without any hesitation .
 Perfect fit . Snap out/snap in easy . If you want 2 be sure you order Two . I had to order a second time . One might keep trunk lid up , as in my case , but might not last . jvm
 Product received before stated delivery . Easy to install with the short directions.Working just a good as new . Wonder why I had to get my head hit by trunk lid so manytimes before I fixed it .
 These struts are a perfect replacement for a Dodge Daytona Charger R/T with Spoiler . Previous the trunk would slam down , no resist left in the old struts . Replaced one side at a time , leaving on one strut while doing the other ... do not remove both at once do one then the other . As well you only have to pop the retaining clips on the old struts . Once the old one is removed , you simply pop on the new one , do not pop the clips on the new one , no need to . Anyway , like others stated 10 minutes later the job is done .
 Product was a snap to put on and has worked like the original and at a good price compared to the dealers .
 Installed these myself in about 15 minutes using only a screw driver and needle nose pliers . Metal retainer clips were a little bit of a pain , but worth the hassle to save $ 150 on having it done at the dealer . Quick deliver from Amazon and a perfect fit for my car .
 These trunk struts I recieved were perfect match for my wifes Chrysler Sebring Trunk -LRB- 2004 -RRB- ... reasonable priced , and easy to install ... took me 10mins at the most . They work great my wife is happy now that its fixed ... thanks
 I do n't know much about cars , or how to repair my car . But these where very easy to install . The instructions are n't very clear , but just looking at the pictures will suffice to understand what you are supposed to do . I have a Chrysler Sebring 2002 Sedan LXi and used it to replace the trunk lift supports .
 I 'm no fix-your-own-car guy but this was so simple . I received the trunk lift vacuum tubes and installed them in a matter of two minutes without any tools . I did use a screw driver to pry out the old plastic retaining clip but it was n't really necessary . Once installed , they worked perfectly .
 Replaced the arms on my 2001 Dodge Stratus . Worked like a charm and now I do n't fear the trunk smashing my skull . And ... the price was half that at the auto stores in town . Great product !
 This is a good heavy item and would get five stars except for the rubber trim . I got a complete set of these , and after a few weeks , the rubber rings on all of them cracked and broke . They still look good but not as good as with the rubber trim rings .
 I had wanted to remove adhesive residue from my car door - left over from those stickers that shops put on your doors - and had heard about this product . It works * great * -LRB- as I was told -RRB- . It did not mar the paint , yet removed the adhesive completely . Now I have a nice smooth adhesive free door jamb . -LRB- I clean the door jambs every wash , to complete the look , so now they look especially nice -RRB- .
 Pros
 This stuff is freaking amazing . You literally spray it on , wait 10 seconds and adhesive wipes right off.I used it to remove the stickers off a jet ski once . What had taken 4-5 hours in the past took 20 minutes with this stuff . It 's that awesome.I do n't normally write reviews , but it seems there are a couple morons on here that are damaging this product by giving bad reviews over absolutely retarded qualifications -LRB- i.e. macaroni man -RRB- .
 it does take a little skill to make sure you dont let it land on any other surface -LRB- besides the one your trying to remove 3m from -RRB- but honestly it works great . i would recommend this glue remover to anyone who wants to remove decals from there car or remove the glue left over when removed .
 you know what you are buying this for so buy it . It works like a champ wont mess with the paint on your car .
 We kept it because we needed one immediately and it is serving its purpose , but it is too wide and folds up over the wheel humps on both sides a couple of inches . It does n't seem to bother us , so we kept it .
 Even though this liner is n't a custom fit it sits very nice in my rodeo . As far as trimming goes it 's not necessary , so overall I give it a good rating .
 This is my second purchase set of Westin Bars . They are easy to install and go on using the factory bolts . They fit my 2009 Silverado Crew Cab -LRB- 4-door -RRB- nicely . Just make sure you have torc wrench and some air tools to take off and put back on the factory bolts . This step bars are about $ 200 less than the competitors . I highly recommend these step bars and will purchase again . They came within 5-days after the order was placed . Box was in excellent condition , packaged very well .
 I have westin bars on my 98 GMC and I have really liked them . They have been sturdy & look good . The chrome is still in very good condition after 10yrs . I bought a new 2008 chevy 4 door & wanted the same look . I bought these westins -LRB- link below -RRB- and I installed them in 1 hr 20 minutes , this includes gathering tools & putting them away . Very easy . They look good on my truck.The reason I gave a 4 star is the front plastic steps on both sides are forward by about 4 `` s or so . When you step in no problem but when you step out you have to really look to step on the step or else you step on the chrome . Not good for the chrome . I have looked at other trucks and they are the same.One other thing . In all of the pictures I looked at there was no middle brace and I figured this was a strong tube . Well when I went to install them there was a middle brace so beware if you are looking to not have it . Not so bad once you see it for awhile but it would be a cleaner look if the middle brace was not there . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The Nerf bars are a good deal . Well made look good . However the directions suck . First off the supplied bolts do not fit the vehicle , then you need to take out all 6 body mounts not just the front 2 . After figuring out the first one the second one was easy . The on line instructions do not match the ones in the box .
 While not the higher end of knee braces , these offer much better protection than conventional knee cups . The biggest issue I had with higher end braces was the fit . I am very bow legged and could not get comfortable in other more expensive braces . The main protection I was concerned about was hyper extension . These do an awesome job and have a very nice easy to use adjustment for both flexion and extention . Great comfort , protection and a very reasonable price compared to the higher end braces .
 I love happy bunny and this was just too funny to pass up . I 've never been a fan of dice but this was worth it .
 These replacement lights are like the original . They give off warm bright light not bright as LED . So if you are looking for an upgrade to give your dash an updated look . these will not work
 I recently purchased your Digital Multi-meter -LRB- MS8217 -RRB- and it had en electrical defect which I corrected myself instead of sending it back . I assume other similar meters of this model may have the same problem and this info is provided for your benefit in case others do return meters because of intermittent Ohm-meter operation.There is a copper jumper wire -LRB- R33 -RRB- on the circuit board which connects the COM Terminal to the Fuse . This jumper lead is properly soldered on the bottom of the board but NOT on top of the board because solder did not wick up the through-hole connection during the manufacturing process . Quality Control Inspector -LRB- 2 -RRB- should have seen this defect . Pressing on the test leads would intermittently allow the Ohm-meter to function as it would made or break the top connection to the PC paths.The meter did operate properly when measuring AC or DC Voltages , but the open circuit caused erratic Ohm-meter displays.I am now very satisfied with this meter , it now operates as expected.Edward -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This meter was a replacement for my Fluke 77 . It has surpassed my expectation . I highly recommend the Mastech line of meters . Nice clear display .
 It came green instread of yellow . The test leads are of a good quality . Works great cost little ca n't ask for much more .
 My son and I used this to set the bios on his Marshall amp . Worked just like it was supposed to.Great product . I will have many uses for it . Thanks .
 I used these inserts to repair a stripped thread in a Kawasaki engine . It worked perfectly . You can read the entire thread at the Kawasaki Twin Owner 's Forum . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 This fits the bill for a large reusable pad on my floor Steam Cleaner . I plan to get a few more as the price is right , very well-made .
 This damp mop system is the best of its kind , it is lightweight , easy to use and very efficient . The pads are sized to cover larger surfaces efficiently and the swivel head makes mopping a breeze . Keeping my dark marble entryway clean and smudgefree is so much easier with this mop system .
 This is a very hard to find part - finally found a part number and Amazon is the only place that had it .
 I have tried all the rest , except EBC Race pads , including Lyndall Gold on my Wide Glide and the SBS is definitely the best . It has more gripping power and more feel . It works in the wet or dry and is quiet with minimal to no dust . What else can I say ?
 very good product . did exactly what i wanted which was to just stay where i put it . would recommend to brave sfans
 I a thrilled to get the air flowing after my condenser flooded the pump and rusted the rotor . I dont have to keep an umbrella in my car any more to knock it each time to start the air flow on my blower ! lol . There is no plug so dont trip ! Easy to install . Slight wine at low speed in the motor unlike my factory but I like it . I am giving a 4 star for the low wine . . what can I say . Great product ! Will recommend to every one !!
 Does it 's job . Great product , low cost , you ca n't ask for more . I 've been running these for a while now on my motorcycle , and they hold up great to all environmental conditions .
 Using it in my 2005 Dodge caravan . Caravan has no lumbar support , this cushion fills that gap perfectly . I can now take long trips and be cofortable . My only concern is that it has some fairly soft foam that may not hold its shape long . I bought 2 in case one wears out too fast .
 Very affordavle , very convinient.Beautiful design that match my car sit.I am very happy with this cushion.This is the best cushion that I ever had.Thank you !
 the product came as described , i was scare that it will be a different color because it did n't say on the order but all turned out great . the cover fits my 2002 tacoma and the padding is just right . thanx again , amazon .
 ... looks good , is very comfortable and fits well . I recieved the cushion in good shape and on time . The price is reasonable . Soon I may order another one for my other truck .
 Make my 1999 Ford Escort seat very comfortable ! Had no lumbar support . Fit great , looks nice and feels good .
 When I got a 2003 Tacoma 2.4 L , I knew I needed to get another K&N air filter . I have one in all of our vehicles , have used them for years . They seem to boost gas mileage , maybe 1 mpg . They seem to boost power slightly . They last forever , seldom need to be cleaned and re-oiled . You 'll save money over time . Amazon had a great price , no problems receiving the filter .
 Great product , use it in both my trucks , way better than regular filters , do n't ask a outlet that does n't sell this product for they will knock it down . Improves air flow and fuel effeceny .
 This is an excellent filter , which does a better job of trapping dirts than traditional ones , and I can use it again and again for a long time to come . I should have gotten one of these long ago . It save money on the long run .
 Beat my local parts store price and was shipped within 2-days . Simple direct replacement for your old OE paper filter . Mine was on a 1999 Tacoma 4x4 2.7 L 4 cyl .
 i purchased this to have a long term replacement for my 4cyl 4runner . works fine good flow and horsepower . the only thing that would make this better is if it was a lifetime filter without using oil . -LRB- AEM woud have been my first choice -RRB-
 As per usual K&N air filters are great for cars and motor cycles - I 've been using these filters for the last 15 years ... Why bother with ` paper ' filters ? If you intend to own your car/motor bike for more than 2 years , then save some money and get one of these filters .
 Seriously , people who state they had trouble installing , obviously ca n't buckle their belts . I noticed instanly that my clutch felt was easier to shift into gear and accelerate . As far as better fuel economy , hum ... I have a heavy foot soo ... . not the case . Lets look at it far all aspects , better acceleration , better fuel maybe by 1 mpg with 91 octane . Tacoma V6 has shiesty gas milage anyway , and if you were looking for better MPG , then you should 've got a Inline 4 . To tell you truth , it came oiled already , so simply drop it in , and GO !!! Plus , it 'll be the last air filter you need . At 38 $ a pop , its soooo worth it .
 I received the item in perfect package and timing . i used the item on a 2004 toyota 4runner with a 1gr engine and notice the difference in the cold starts and acceleration , the sound of the engine is a little different but nothing annoying , my car has driven 100,000 km and still working as new with my k & n cleaning kit even using it for heavy offroading . i use k & n in almost all my cars because of the money you save buying a air filter every 10,000 km that is what normaly is changed here in panama , really dirty . will fit toyota fj cruiser 2007 to 2009 , toyota tacoma 2005 to 2008 not sure about 09 , toyota 4runner 2003 to 2009 . will recomend to anyone .
 What I like best about this filter is that you only have to clean it once every 50,000 miles . I bought it for my 2006 Toyota 4Runner , which already had 98,000 miles on it , and while I have n't noticed any significant changes in the way the truck drives , it definitely feels more powerful when I put my foot down to the floor . I had one of these on my 2000 Ford Explorer and I currently had one of these on my 1996 Kawasaki Vulcan 1500 , and both seemed to drive better once I installed the filters .
 Filter is as promised ... great quality and a good price for a part that will last indefinitely . I like the idea of cleaning and re-using instead of buying and discarding an air filter for my vehicle . I have used K&N in the past and have never experienced any issues with the product .
 I purchased my K&N filter for my Toyota Tacoma not expecting to see much of a difference . But after several weeks of calculating gas mileage , I have noticed a gain of 1 to 1.5 mpg increase with normal daily driving . That 's money saved and power increased . The truck is more responsive to lightly touching the gas pedal . Great product . I plan to purchase another for my BMW .
 Cant get this in Australia for some reason . Great product and great service again . Heaps cheaper then if I could have gotten this in AUS . Easy installation and saves me heaps .
 Have put a KnN Filter in my vehicles for the past 30 years . I do n't know if I get better gas mileage or more power but its the least expense filter since it can be cleaned and reused . Love it .
 Good quality item . No real fuel savings or performance changes that I have noticed in my Toyota . I bought it more for the convenience of not buying another filter again . Have used before and love K&N filters .
 Did n't see any improvement in power or MPG but the filter is supposed to last for 50K miles until it needs to be cleaned , its worth it just for that .
 GREAT QUALITY FILTER . I SEEM TO HAVE A BIT MORE TORQUE WHEN I ACCELERATE . MAYBE ITS JUST ME BUT I HAVE PEACE OF MIND THAT I INSTALLED A TRULLY SPECTACULAR PRODUCT FROM K N.
 Price was good , fast shipping . Did not notice any change in power or gas miles . Only good thing you do n't have to replace , just clean it ...
 If you have ever used a K&N filter then you know how good it is and no one has to tell you any thing about it .
 Perfect fit for a 2008 FJ Cruiser . It replaced the OEM filter . Not sure if it makes a difference in performance , but hopefully it will last a long time and filter the air .
 I installed this on my 2007 Fj Cruiser . I have never been big into replacing car parts myself but this seemed like an easy way to save money from having the mechanic do it while also increasing acceleration and horse power.I 've definitely noticed a difference on both fronts and am currently tracking it to see if there 's a MPG benefit!The price is right , too . Even if there were n't performance increases , the savings from the 1MM mile guarantee versus buying filter after filter will add up !
 Placed this one on a 2007 4Runner ; fit perfectly and I 've had no issues with it . Would definitely order this one again . Thanks !
 K&N is the best . Invest in one if you 're keeping your car for a while . You wo n't regret it . By the time you buy 3 after market paper filters you could have bought one of these and they last for the life of your car . This makes the third one I 've purchased . Clean them once a year and you 're back on the road .
 I bought this several weeks ago , 15 minutes to install and right away I noticed the difference in the performence
 Work very good ... . Only thing I do n't like about this Filter is the cleaning ... It takes 1 full day to clean and dry the filter . .
 This is a great option to the OEM filter.Better airflow thru and you are able to clean and reuse.I will be getting one for my other SUV too .
 I may be imagining it , but I believe this filter made a noticeable increase in horsepower . There 's a bit more pep in the pedal .
 Works great get it . . not sure about the cleaning & oiling to the filter after so many miles . ? when you buy it should be oiled so do n't do anything till 30,000 miles . .
 K&N make the finest filters . This one is particularly a good investment because it 's a one-time purchase -- it can be washed and cleaned out and re-used . The initial cost is a little more but you wo n't have to buy a new filter very often at all .
 I have used K&N ; filters for 10 years in all of my cars and have found them to be well worth the price . they give me the knowledge that my vehicals have the best money can buy , easy to clean and mantane , and would not use any thing but K&N. ; Thank you for a fine product
 i use kn air filters on all my vehicles.they work perfectly and last forever.the store i bought this from is fast and dependable.K & N ; 33-2355 Replacement Air Filter
 This is a great replacement filter if you are in the market . I have already cleaned it one time and it is very easy to do so . I highly recommend buying this product because of the money savings factor .
 Just like K&N ; says , I am experiencing increased horsepower and improved fuel efficiency . In addition to costing less in the long run than paper filters , this air filter saves me gas money . As an evil SUV driver on the left coast , I can use all the savings to buy more gas and drive more!You have to have one of these !
 The 1st thing I do when getting a new vehicle is to replace the Air filter with a K&N - I see an uptick in mileage and performance .
 As usual , K&N filter works perfect , gives you that extra kick of power when needed and helps get better gas milage too .
 It 's a drop-in K&N ... . it does what it 's suppose to do . Fit is good , and Amazon 's price was the best I was able to find , plus no sales tax and free shipping !!!!! Do n't expect 20 horsepower , but if you 're looking for a new air filter , this is the way to go . -LRB- a new filter from Toyota is the same price as this one !!!! -RRB-
 First , let me start off by saying my claims are well documented .1 . Slight power increase . My truck -LRB- 2011 Toyota Tacoma Double Cab Long Bed -RRB- has a output of 236hp and 266 ft/lbs of torque . After installing the K&N ; , the peak horsepower was up to 240 and torque 276 . Marginal increases , but increases never the less . These numbers come from a dyno .2 . MPG increase . Was averaging 19.1 MPG over 2k miles , now I am averaging 20.9 MPG . Over the lifetime of the truck that equates to substantial savings . Let 's say I put 100k miles on the truck and gas is $ 3.50 , the savings would be ~ $ 1575.3 . Never have to replace the air filter . Buy this kit
 I have a 2010 Toyota Tacoma 4x4 with the V-6 engine and was getting around 17.5 mpg combined city/highway . After installing this filter , that figure increased to 19mpg . That may not seem that impressive , but I drive 25,000 miles a year and that translates to over 100 gallons of fuel saved which equals over $ 350 -LRB- at least -RRB- in just the first year . Couple that with the fact that this filter will last over 100,000 miles with just routine cleaning once a year -LRB- you do need to use their special cleaner but that 's cheap enough at around $ 12 or so -RRB- and you can save a bunch of money . While the performance gains are quite modest -LRB- let 's face it - no air filter is going to turn a mid sized pick-up into a dragster -RRB- , there is a noticeable increase in acceleration which is a nice bonus given that I bought it solely for fuel economy . Installation is not any more challenging than putting in a new regular air filter which is to say that if you can open a bottle of soda without losing a limb , you should have no trouble putting this in your vehicle . This is the filter your vehicle should come from the factory with in the first place but since manufacturers are too cheap to do the right thing , make it right yourself and get this filter - it sucks , but only air . It 's the best $ 40 you 'll ever spend on your vehicle .
 Your engine will thank you for installing one of these . Mine has been installed now for 70K miles or more . I often am on dusty roads , and this filter has paid for itself over and over again . Every 4 to 6 months , I pulled it out , and rinse it off with plain hose water , and let dry overnight . Once a year I clean it , and then used the K&N oil maintenance kit . DO NOT OVER OIL this filter and you will have MANY MANY MANY years of use .
 If you own a car , this is a must . You ca n't go wrong with this upgrade . Though minor , I see an increase in power and efficiency . Everything counts in this economy .
 Im not sure if I 've gained better gas mileage but I do feel my truck running more smoothly . The real reason I bought it was because amazon has the filter at such a great price . I 'm going to buy all my parts/accessories for my Tacoma from amazon from now on .
 I put a K&N air filter in my '06 Toyota Tacoma a couple of years ago . Even with 35 '' rubber , throttle response was immediately noticeable . Fuel economy also increased one extra mile per gallon . I 'll run a K&N air filter in all my vehicles . That 's why I put one in my son 's '05 Taco . Never knew how such an odd Christmas present could keep putting a smile on his face !
 These are better for your car than the standard air filters plus with proper care they will last a lifetime . Much cheaper than Autozone or Advanced Auto Parts . This a great do it yourself upgrade .
 i put this k & n air filter in and i think it would be hard to tell 15 horse power gain butt it does seem like im getting it . i dont think its a gimmick .
 good stuff at a good price do n't have to worry about changing air filter for a long time . About the same price as changing air filter a few times .
 I cant attest to any horsepower gains by simply using a new air filter . I did n't feel any extra power . I only got this so I do n't have to worry about buying new filters all the time . From my research though , if you plan on doing any off-roading in dusty conditions , its best to swap in the factory Toyota filter as it does n't allow as many dust particles through .
 K&N ; Air Filter 33-2281 DOES NOT FIT the 2011 Toyota Tundra V6 or anything 2011 ... IF your looking for this for your TUNDRA ... PLEASE READ . . I did some field research at Auto-Zone -LRB- Complete Retards -RRB- and Advanced Auto-Parts -LRB- awesome -RRB- and we measured and cross referenced 2007-2010 K&N ; Air Filters and For my 2011 Toyota Tundra Base model V6 4.0 L the K&N ; Air Filter that fit perfectly was the 33-2387 not the one on K&N ; website that is 33-2281 for the 2011 Toyota Tundra Base model V6 4.0 L. So ... END CONCLUSION . . THE K&N ; Air Filter you want for your 2007-2011 is 33-2387 it fits the 4.0 , 4.6 , 5.7 all of them use this filter REGUARDLESS of what Amazon and K&N ; say . I do n't need to look smart -LRB- b/c I 'm not -RRB- Or look cool . . -LRB- b/c I am lol -RRB- I just do n't want you to buy this and wait a week or two and open it and go Ohh no should have listen to Rockie -LRB- me -RRB- . Hope this helps.Thanks for your time.Rockie
 Hey Guys , you want a filter to do an A1 job of filtering air . Maybe a little too much emphasis on increasing gas mileage . Here is the way to gage the filtering quality of air filters . Get yourself and oil drain analysis kit from a lab start with a regular air filter . Drain off 2-3 oz of oil and send the oil out for testing . Then put in the KN and have your oil tested . The Lab will tell you the amount of dirt dust particles in the oil of each filter . Oh you have to do the drainage at the same mile marker . The Lab analysis will tell you a whole bunch of things going on in your engine even your oil drain intervals .
 Replaced my OEM filter on my 2007 4Runner ... works great . Buy this K&N if you want a high quality OEM engine air filter replacement that will last you the life of the vehicle . And no , do n't expect increased horsepower from a $ 40 drop-in air filter .
 Much brighter , and cleaner lights than other aftermarket lights I have bought in the past . I used to be a Sylvania fan , but these blow them out of the water . I will buy these again !
 These bulb work great , I bought them for my fianc&eacute; because she had trouble seeing at night with the factory 's headlight bulb since I have installed these she has not had any issues
 While they 're not `` super bright , '' they work just fine for me . They 're bright enough and definitely better than the stock bulbs I had and they provide a nice color . I 've owned other PIAA bulbs and these met my expectations . If you want something to blind oncoming traffic , maybe you should consider H.I.D.s ?
 Its nice that it only takes one pump to set the jack , but they advertise three pumps to full lift , unloaded . Well , unloaded is the operable word . You have to pump as many times as you would any other jack to raise the vehicle . I found that I can carefully twist the handle to lower the jack , without it comming down too fast . The rubber pad is a nice feature . So far , I am happy with the jack . Just make sure you have plenty of room around the vehicle , as the handle sticks out pretty far .
 This jack is the best quality i have seen without spending 500.00 . My expectaions have been exceeded and i feel i will get many years of great use out of this floor jack ! It ihaves however a bit heavy , so anyone using it for mobile use may want to look for something a little lighter .
 I chose 5 stars because they are very nice looking helmets . Got for my daughter and son-in-law and they tried them on and so far like them very much . Wo n't be able to use them till spring though .
 Got two boxes of these to do all my 2002 Ford Crown Vic Police Interceptor P71 instrument -LRB- dash -RRB- lights at the same time . It 's ten in a box , great price , fast shipping -LRB- and good support -RRB- from non-Amazon vendor , Wagner bulbs . NOTE ! Someone told me there were twenty bulbs , but it turned out to be sixteen AND there are ALSO about five or six smaller bulbs in the back of the panel , get them too , it 's a 2 hour job you wo n't want to do twice.Here 's how to do them : How to replace the instrument -LRB- dsh -RRB- bulbs on a 2002 Ford Crown Victoria -LRB- P71 -RRB- Police Interceptor.Disconnect the negative cable from the battery.Okay , step one , before I go any further , I only have 16 of the 194LL blulbs -LRB- not 20 , as you may be heard elsewhere -RRB- . There are also five , or so , other , smaller bulbs for the warning lights , but my helper -LRB- a neighbor who used to work on cars -RRB- said let them be ! I would have replaced them if I 'd know ahead of time . Do them all at once , you wo n't want to spend your Sunday doing this any more than you have to!These steps are the way I 'd do it now -LRB- if I had to do it again -RRB- , having done it this one time . The `` clips '' that hold the trim pieces on are `` spring clips '' and come loose easy enough and can be used again to reassemble the pieces to the car . The clips that hold the dash piece onto the dash just beloe the radio are a little different , long and flat , and were harder to get out -LRB- I was trying to be careful , getting nowhere , but then my neighbor , the car guy , just pulled the thing straight out ! -RRB- . Careful if you pry on the other attahed car trim that you do n't permamently dent it.This is an easy job , although it takes a while , at least for me . Note to self , do n't park the car in the `` shade '' in the morning , becasue the sun moves and it was hot as all get as the sun moved and I got ready to wrap it back up.I had planned to take step by step pictures as I went along , but forgot , sorry about that ! 1 -RRB- Take a round shaft , or other smooth surface insturment , and getly pry the long trim piece off the dash , starting from the door end . It should pop up and hang on the trunk and defroster switch wiring . The trunk plug on mine had to have the clips held `` open '' on `` both '' sides of the plug to unplug it from the switch . Most of the other plugs you have to push the clips troward the plugs only on one side to remove them . Then unplug the defroster switch and set the part aside .2 -RRB- Go to the driver 's side and pry the dash trip piece up , Mine had a `` dummy '' plug stuck into a `` blind '' hole in the trim piece . This `` extra '' plug can get you to wondering if it was supposed to be plugged in somewhere , unless you 're paying attention -LRB- especially , if your `` helper '' is saying , `` got everything plugged up ? '' during the operation ! -RRB- .3 -RRB- Put your special Ford radio remover clips into the radio and pull it out from the dash -LRB- it helps to put a little pressure on the clips torwards the outside of the radio when you 're taking it out . Remove the radio wiring plug , and then turn the radi oand the antennat plug is easily removed .4 -RRB- Tilt the steering wheel up for easy access to remove the plastic trim piece that goes from the parking brake replease handle to the other side of the steering wheel . Remove the two bolts on the bottom corners of the trim piece , one of them is up inside the parking break handle and also holds the handle on . Pop the plastic out of the top of the panel and set aside .5 -RRB- Underneath the last piece is a heavy duty piece of metal trim -LRB- I think designed to protect your kneew in a crash -RRB- that has to be removed . This piece has different screws , but comes apart easily . Once you get this off , look up on the right -LRB- passenger 's side -RRB- of the steering column and you will see the little white -LRB- on my car -RRB- assembly that holds the shift needle pointer cable/adjuster mechanism . Unscrew the attachment screw and set it aside in a safe place . This was the only screw that mysteriously disappeared for a time and , belive me , there 's not another one in the `` screw box ! '' Put the gearshift in neutral -LRB- you have to turn the key `` on , '' and you may want to block the wheels , just in case -RRB- and gently take the shifter cable loop off of the column shifter attachment pin . Let the cable hang over to the driver 's side of the steering wheel .6 -RRB- Tilt the stering wheel down . Unscrew the bolts that hold the instrument panel/radio/ac / duct dash trim piece . Do n't forget the two bolts that go up over the instrument panel itself . Pop the top of the trim piece out and disconnect the headlight and instrument panel dimming switches on the driver 's end of the panel .7 -RRB- Unscrew the bolts that hold the instrument panel to the dash . My shift indicator adjstment cable was routed behind the the wire harness , so I gently brought the cable and the attachment mechanism to the `` interior '' side of the car -LRB- away from the firewall -RRB- so that it will slide smoothly past the steering column and tilt mechanism when you slip the instrument panel assembly out . I had previously remove my tilt lever -LRB- thanks , car guy neighbor -RRB- , but I do n't think you have to do this . If you do have to remove the tilt lever , be aware that it has a little flat spot on the shaft for a narrow wrench and that it is glued in there and may be hard to remove . Tilt the top of the instrument panel towards the front of the car -LRB- firewall -RRB- and unplug the plugs on the bottom corners , one on each side . Remove the instrument panel , you may be to push the rubber trim aside .8 -RRB- Replace ALL the bulbs .9 -RRB- Install the Instrument panel into the dash . Make sure the little shift cable lever is properly installed in it 's little notch in the panel . Reattach the shifter cable and braket assembly . Move the shift lever down so that there is plenty of slack in the cable to put the loop over the attachment pin . At this point I took a minute to accurately adjust my shift cable indicator while I had the thing apart -LRB- not sure it needed it , but what the heck , right , why leave well enough alone ? -RRB- .10 -RRB- Replace the rest of the parts . PS
 I recently bought these bushings from the manufacturer for my 1990 Nissan 300ZX TT . For some reason Amazon data says these bushings do n't fit my car -LRB- they fit both the 89 240SX and 90 to 96 300ZX -RRB- . Amazon 's price was a bit better than the manufacturer . I was concerned about the difficulty of installing the bushings and whether they would stiffen the ride . They installed fairly easily with the help of a 20 ton press to remove the old bushings from the torsion rod . The ride does not seem changed . I 'm an elderly DIY ' r and auto mechanic and Amazon 's `` Prime '' delivers almost any home repair item , auto part , or tool to my front porch in two days , often at the best price . The downside is that I 'm afraid the local hardware store may go out of business .
 It has been quite a while since I purchased this item and all is well . My car was disabled on Saturday over a holiday week-end and I would not have been able to place an order at the local parts store until that Tuesday . I knew nothing about the different brand names or even how to look up a part but it was quite simple to do . It immediately became obvious that this was the gold standard for this particular part . The way the ordering system is set up to double check that you have the right part for your vehicle is really cool . I placed the order online on Sunday and received it on Tuesday . I had Prime so I did not pay for shipping . I also paid about 1/2 of the price at the local parts store . This turned a nightmarish event into a really great deal , all things considered .
 ACDelco LS115 Turn Signal Parking Lamp SocketThis is the same as the original part used in my Buick Regal . Easy to install and works great !
 It 's the exact fit for our 1999 Century after trying all the local auto parts stores in the area . I walked in 8 auto part stores many of them national chain stores .
 For past several years , our left turn signal bulb would periodically burn out . Felt it must be an electrical short and so just kept a couple packs of bulbs in the glove compartment and replaced whenever heard the dreaded fast clicking sound when turning left which indicates the bulb had burned out . Had cleaned old bulb socket and even tried other brands of bulbs , but situation never got any better . In time , it got to point where bulb was burning out within 2 weeks and so knew I had to do something . Did a Google on problem and ran across a review on Amazon which explained their Buick having same problem . Decided to take a chance and order the LS115 Turn Signal Parking Lamp Socket . Got it quickly from vendor and very easy to take old one off and install new one . It has now been over a month and no turn signal bulbs have needed to be replaced . Would recommend this for anyone experiencing same problem .
 I purchased two of these sockets for my 1999 Oldsmobile Intrigue . My right front turn signal lamp was n't working causing the fast blink on the rear . A little Googling brought me to a site that recommended this part . When I found it at Amazon at this ridiculously low price , I quickly placed an order . Thanks to my Prime membership , they were delivered the next day ... less than 24 hours after I placed the order . I swapped out the sockets in mere minutes and am happy to report the turn signals are working great now . I also replaced the bulbs in both sockets just in case . Great product and great service from Amazon !
 I have n't installed the replacement units I purchased yet . Cleaned up the old ones and put some dielectric compound on them . But when I do need them , I now have them ready to go !
 I own a 1999 Buick Regal LS with nearly 144,000 miles on it . For the last year or so , I could not keep the front left-turn signal bulb from burning out . My friendly auto shop owner replaced the bulb 3 different times . Each time the new bulb would work intermittently for 1-5 days and then burn out altogether . After deciding that the bulb SOCKET must be the problem , I priced one here on Amazon and @ the local O'Reilly 's Auto Parts store , where they wanted $ 36 + tax !! Necessity being the mother of invention -LRB- and home repairs -RRB- , I decided to try a different fix . I removed the headlight assembly and then the bulb/socket . A friend then used his jeweler 's file to clean the contact points in the socket . We then applied some $ 1.39 conductive lubricant to the contact points and reinstalled the headlight assembly . The whole process took maybe 15-20 minutes . Voila ... the problem was solved !!
 I received this item quickly and it was exactly the one I needed for a good price . Easy to shop here .
 Swapped out the bad one and have been using this one for 6 months + with no problems . I am happy with the price and the quality !
 Been having problems with my turn signals for months working on and off.Read up and sure enough these little sockets were the issue.Shipping was fast , installation was easy ! No more burnt out turn signals !
 I had a problem with my signal lights not working properly . I originally though it was the ground wire but after replacing my original sockets with this product they started working .
 Doing the happy dance . Paid over fifty dollars at the dealership last time I replaced one of these . Installed and working fine on 99 Buick Century Custom .
 I ordered this socket for my '98 Oldsmobile Intrigue . I had burned through 2 or 3 bulbs for my right turn signal light within a couple of weeks . I ordered this socket and put it in and have n't had any problems since . It was the exact part I needed and very easy to install . Amazon had it for half the price compared to a couple of local parts stores .
 This item was brand new in the package and it was exactly what we needed for our 99 Buick Century - I works great is was over 1/2 the price of what it would have cost at the dealer .
 The ACDelco LS115 Turn Signal works perfectly for my Oldsmobile . The turn signal seems to be an on going problem so to find it for half the price on Amazon sure makes the stress of the turn signal blowing out a little less hefty on the wallet/pocketbook .
 I purchased this part for my 1999 Olds and it was an exact replacement . Was I pleasantly surprised . You ca n't beat the price !
 i bought this part over a month ago . its working perfectly and its alot cheaper than what the dealership wants for the exact same part .
 WORKS GREAT , BRAND NEW AUTHENTIC A/C DELCO PART . CHEAPER THAN REPRODUCTION PARTS I GOT QUOTED LOCALLY -LRB- NAPA , LORDCO ETC -RRB- . IF YOUR BLINKER KEEPS BLOWING AND FLICKING FAST , ITS NOT THE BULB . FITS MY 1999 OLDSMOBILE INTRIGUE , I ASSUME IT 'LL FIT THE BUICK CENTURY AND MAYBE THE IMPALA ? PROB THE CADILLAC STS AS WELL COME TO THINK OF IT .
 This item is overpriced everywhere , but Amazon 's is a bargain comparatively . The old sockets are toast after 10 years , and you just ca n't keep them operating by cleaning contacts , bending them , etc. . Replacement with these little boogers is your only option . So far so good . Turn signals now work and I do n't have to coax the old sockets into working temporarily -LRB- you ca n't make the worn out ones continue to work -RRB- just to pass the state inspections . However , a light bulb socket if properly designed should n't fail ... Delco , your design stinks .
 Not only does this part fit certain Buick models It also is an exact replacement socket for the front turn signal/daytime driving light for my 1998 Olds Intrigue and some later models . Easy to install . Others recommend using some bulb grease on the bulb contacts for longer life of the socket and bulb .
 I was surprised to see this socket on Amazon . I had been having problems with corrosion with this socket on my 1998 Buick Regal and tried to clean it out and never could get it right . I replaced it with this socket and have n't had a problem since . It 's very easy to replace since it has a plug in connector so no wiring problems were involved . Apparently this is a common problem as I have noticed other Buick 's with the same light out as mine . Thank you Amazon !
 If you have a GM car , and need to replace this lamp socket , you do n't have many good options . It is not available at independent auto parts stores . You can find it at some GM dealers for about $ 36 , or you can buy it at Amazon for about $ 14 less .
 It 's been less then a week so far , after putting these in to replace the burnt out old ones everything worked perfectly . If I remember to I 'll post if anything changes , like if it dies after 1 month or something . If you are looking at this product I 'll assume you know a thing or two so spare everyone on what this is , is intended for , and how to use them . I will note that they work perfectly on a 1999 Buick Century Limited .
 I put the ACDelco LS115 lamp socket in the day I received it and the front turn signal works . Now I not only have the rear turn lights working but also the front so no more worries about getting a ticket for none working turn signal lights .
 Works great , perfect fit . AutoZone said they are going to start carrying these in a few months for $ 75.00 each .
 I am very pleased to finally find this ACDelco LS115 turn signal parking lamp socket for my 2000 Buick Century at Amazon . It is the exact Delco replacement , plug and play , for this car without replacing the entire headlight assembly , which was the only pricey solution my local auto parts store offered . I 'm sure this will fit many other GM cars of the era . One contact in the original socket had burned and seemed to have lost spring temper so even though new bulbs worked , in the short time of a week to a month they burned and melted the bulb base , so the turn signal would quit working , again . After lots of searching , many attempts to clean the bad contact , and many many bulb replacements , this socket has solved the issue . My order arrived quickly and was exactly as described . I am 100 % satisfied .
 It was much less expensive than buying from a car dealership . Local auto parts stores do n't carry it . Got here quickly , and works great . No complaints .
 I have been looking for this part for months . None of the big auto part stores sold this items . Thankfully Amazon had it . Fit perfectly in my Olds Intrigue .
 The Item is exactly the same one sold by GM . Great price . Worked good . Gm wo n't tell you but they have a problem with the design of this Item .
 This item was exactly as advertized , arrived on time , and met our needs . Good value compared to may competitor sites .
 This replacement turn signal socket worked perfectly and was much cheaper then from the dealer . I am very happy with my purchase .
 This is a really good CD holder . Most get lose after a certain time but I have had this for going on 4 years now and it still holds all the CD 's that can fit tightly in place .
 Pros : - Two outlets to use-Works with any standard US plug-Don ' t need additional/special cords to plug into carCons : - The internal fan is a little loud ... but not loud enough that you can hear it on the other end of cell phone conversations.Some uses : - Charge an electric razor to freshen up between calls/meetings-Charge laptop between sales calls/meetings-Charge cell phone & BlueTooth headset at the same timeMust have : - If you live in your car-If you are a salesman-If you have more than a couple of electronic devices and do n't want to buy/carry additional cords for them in your car
 We used this product during our entire trip to Ohio -LRB- 7 hours -RRB- . Worked great . We had both the computer and the DVD player plugged in . Kept both me and our son happy . As for being loud - I have to disagree . We could n't even hear it over the radio . Great product for the price .
 Bought this for a trip across the country in our suburban . Used it to power my wife 's laptop and charge iphone at the same time . Our son watched dvd 's on the laptop the whole trip , so it kept him quiet . Fan is a little loud , but definately bearable . No issues with this product .
 I bought this inverter several years ago to power a laptop computer in our Tow Vehicle . It enables us to operate a computer based GPS system for hours during our travels , well beyond the life of the computer 's battery.The inverter works well for this purpose . It has ample power and is a reasonably small size . Its fan is a bit noisy and it is a bit difficult to insert in the dash power outlet .
 I used the Smart AC 210 Watt Inverter on a recent 8 hour cart trip . The biggest issue I had with it is the two outlets are so close together that it precludes the use of two AC adapters at once -LRB- regular sized plugs might work -RRB- . As a single outlet , I was first able to plug in a small router to get WiFi access in my car . Later , we used it to plug in my son 's Nintendo DS . We had no problems with it , but the DS plug and the router plug did not fit on the inverter at the same time.I could not hear the fan noise over the noise in the car , which included my daughter 's DVD player and the radio . Other than the inability to use both outlets at once , I am happy with this product . _______ UPDATE 2/2/13
 The necessary thing in the road ! Works great . Never failed in the 5 long trips . Disadvantage . - A bit noisy .
 I hope this works because i only have a 12v-10w output in my acura MDX and i heard that this one coverts it into a higher voltage i want to hook my xbox 360 up with a tv the xbox is 100 watts and the tv 56 so im oretty sure it will work . IM GOING ON A 10 HOUR TRIP TO NORTH CAROLINA WOOOOOOT !!!!
 First time I installed a clutch on my 30 plus year old suzuki . OEM fit , and works as expected . Would not hesitate to purchase again .
 I have bought the same brand previously and was very happy . It lasted about 3 years in the sun . In my book that 's very acceptable . The new one is just the same , fits perfect on my Honda Goldwing . It has a vent and elastic bottom to keep it on the bike . Nice plastic grommets to keep in on in high wind . Recommended .
 Best price I found on the net for good quality name brand product . Fit perfectly . Solved all my problems on my Durango . That annoying whine went right away .
 I was in need of a new belt for my 1950 nine inch south bend lathe , the one from the motor to the countershaft , i was able to read the print on the old belt and i found it at amozon at a good price . the belt arived on time and works great on my lathe .
 A very sturdy V-Belt . I use it on my old South Bend metal lathe .
 These Timken bearing/hub assemblies fit perfectly and were quick to install . You do need a Torx external size 14 socket for the three bolts that hold the assembly from the inside of the carrier assembly and a large socket for the axle shaft nut but other than that it is a pretty straight forward installation.The bearings were drop-shipped from Sparks , NV and arrived in a few days . I saved a ton of $ $ on this purchase .
 This was a gag gift for a co-worker who is a poultry fanatic . It 's such an obvious target for humor . Whenever she brings the subject up , we all flock around and egg each other on to see who can make her duck , quail or otherwise chicken out of the conversation . It 's all in good spirits , and we would never crow over her lamentably feather-brained attempts to justify poultry as a pet substitute.This `` bumper '' sticker is now posted proudly on her computer monitor . It got a 4 instead of a 5 because it is too bantam-sized to be a true bumper sticker
 I ride a little 150cc scooter and the helmets i kept finding locally were either wider than my bike or too costly . Point of buying the scooter was to save on gas and it does ; same reason whay I bought the Beanie Helmet . Not only is it DOT certified but it 's light weight and not goofy looking like some half cut helmets . In Texas we really do not have to wear helmets if you meet certain requirements with your insurance and other things . But safety is key as I have already had a 10mph spill and walked away with road rash and have noticed that most of those on-the-cell-phone-suv-driving-housewives do n't pay attention half the time thus my purchase . I went for both safety and style ; and as stated before the price was at least half off from purchasing from any mc or scooter shhop locally . I ordered my helmet and before I knew it I had it as the trun around was that quick . Thanks Jafrum .
 Great product , well made and an excellent fit , which has proved to be very comfortable . The product was shipped extremely quickly , and arrived in much less time than expected -LRB- 2 days from ordering with normal mail -RRB- . It was very appreciated . Overall impression has been Fantastic Product and Fantastic Service . I promptly ordered other items from this supplier due to their original response . Highly recommended , and would purchase from them again . Thank you
 Beautiful helmet ... but be careful of removing the 2 stickers on it . The HCI sticker on the back came off easily . But then I started to take the size sticker on the side of the helmet and the leather started to come off with the sticker . So I tried to pull from the other direction . . slowly with a wet paper towel to try to loosen the glue while I pulled . . again the leather ripped a little and started to come off with the helmet . I finally just pushed the sticker back on , got a black sharpie and colored it black to match the helmet.The company needs to either not put a size sticker on the outside of the helmet or get less sticky ones .
 My partner and I have had these helmets for a long time now , and they are still holding up very nicely . They are snug and a good decent quality . Good buy !
 First of all , I 'm very impressed about Jafrum 's outstanding customer service . It took me to try three different size of helmets to figure out my head size . Helmet itself is very comfortable and the price is very reasonable . I have nothing but praise for Jafrum people and products . '' April 28 , 2011
 I paired this helmet with my ' 40 's era goggles , and it looks great . It does n't make my head look huge , and it still has the DOT approval .
 I like the helmet a lot . It fits perfectly and looks pretty good . I did not have a problem taking the stickers off . I only gave it 4 stars , because a little more padding would have been nice .
 Great helmet and great price . The only trouble with leather is you do n't want to drop it in gravel . It will cut up the leather but I am well satisfied with it . It looks great !!
 I was very pleased when this helmet arrived . It was sent very fast . It is not too bulky like most DOT helmets are . Looks great and feels comfortable too .
 I ordered this helmet for my very small scooter and it is exactly what I was looking for ! Fits perfectly , and is well made . The seller also shipped out super fast ! Thanks .
 Looks fantastic . The leather and detailing is just great . Looks a lot better on than most half helmets that are up to DOT standards , not as chunky as our other half helmet . Good price too - would recommend this product to everyone !
 Bought this helmet to replace a similar Bell Shorty Leather where the zipper on the removable ear-flaps gave up.Helmet looks pretty good and is not too bulky.However I did n't like the stupid stickers that teared up the low quality leather imitation when you try to peel them off . I also agree with another reviewer that the strap is to vertical and pulls unnecessarily hard on the wind pipe.For the price a decent buy but room for improvement .
 Overall this is a good product and quite nicely fabricated . In my case however it stays a little high on the head and looks a little funny because of that .
 I really like this helmet . The leather makes it much better looking . Fits great . Ca n't use just yet because where I live its still winter in northern Minnesota ! Looking forward to using this quality product .
 Can I tell you how many motorcycle stores I have been to looking for the pefect half helmet?Not only is this helmet well designed , comfortable , -LRB- true-to-size -RRB- and also DOT approved ... but it 's also unique and stylish in a retro - yet modern way . I ride a 1200cc motorcycle and actually enjoyed wearing this helmet . I also received a few `` wow ... that 's a cool helmet '' from a few friends . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Helmet . Was just what I was looking for very nice would recommend to anyone looking for this type of helmet .
 Very happy with this helmet , been riding with it all summer.Leather is a matte finish and very smooth , seams are very tight and the stitching is flawless . DOT logo on the rear of the helmet is red in color and a transfer type decal.Comfortable to wear and a bit lighter in weight for a DOT compliant helmet , there are no air vents so it can get a little warn on hot days . The visor is made of thick plastic and very well attached so you do n't have to worry about damaging it picking up or putting down the helmet.The chin strap is smooth and non irritating on my chin and the additional padding on the V 's near your ears helps with wind noise and buffeting near your ears.I would order another one if I needed to .
 I 've been looking for a quality helmet that looks good and feels good . This helmet fits the bill . Outstanding service from this company , I had the helmet 4 days ahead of projected delivery date . Very comfortable , and fits well . No dome head helmet , here ! I 've since ordered the matching clear shield , which also came much earlier than expected . Now I am ready for those long rides , and not worried about comfort or rain !
 This helmet is great of quality . I usually wear an XL motorcycle helmet , so I ordered an XL . This helmet is little tight for me , so I have to remove a little less than 1/4 '' inch of styrofoam padding just in the back of the helmet . I was careful not to take out too much because there would not be any protection.Now it fits perfectly . I would have returned for a larger size , but did not want to wait for it . The DOT sticker in the back is peeling off also , but I do n't mind . Most bikers where I live are hardly ever pulled over because there was no sticker or logo visible . Otherwise , this helmet fits great now and has a slim profile look without the `` mushroom head '' that other helmets have .
 I am technically a medium , but the large fits better . The medium was a bit too tight , so if you think you are a medium on maybe the larger side of medium , go for a large . The look of the helmet is nice . I would recommend it .
 I wear a size 7 1/4 '' US hat size , head measures 23 1/2 '' inches around , and the size large fits me perfectly ! I mention this so you can compare your own noggin before ordering . If you wear say a size 7 1/2 '' US hat size , then I would totally recommend going with the extra large . That being said , the helmet is totally awesome ! High quality , well made , and I love the center side stitching . Perfect helmet for me , and I totally recommend it !
 I gave my scooter-riding 30 year old son this helmet for Christmas . He loves it . It has a nice finish . It fits well and it just well ... looks really cool on him . Perfect ! Good seller too . Really prompt delivery with good packing .
 can not yet speak to the durability but the look of this helmet is quite nice for the price . if reasonable care is taken , my sister will look great on her scooter .
 I have rode for years choosing not to wear a helmet until just recently . I began searching for a helmet that would serve its pupose yet represent as well and this helmet is it . It is comfortable and not to bulky as in some other brands that I have checked on at shops . The leather surface over the shell is just the thing . I consider this to be a good choice for me .
 This is the same puller set that Mac Tools sell off of their trucks for twice the money . All the parts are strong and can handle extreme use .
 I bought this impact wrench for one reason , to get the blades off of my lawn mower so I could sharpen them . I am very pleased with the way it can handle anything that is hard to get the bolts off . I has been a life saver when I have rotated my tires . Excellent product , heavy duty built , and like I said , if it 's stuck this wrench will get it loose .
 My Dad has been a mechanic all his life working with air tools now that he is retired he had no place to install an air compressor big enough to drive his air tools so I bought him on of these . HOLLY Mosus , he was so impressed with this tool he his still talking about it everytime I see him.If it got my dad approval it must be very good , specialy for the low price.Thanks for fast shipping and excellent communication.Jacques
 Very easy to install on old old tractor . Runs a lot better without the old point system . I would install this product in anything that has a point system in it .
 They give a smooth and secure braking , look excellent ! . No problems to install .
 This was the perfect food heater for my over the road truck driver . We had tried others , this one is fast and sturdy . We pack food in foil for the freezer/fridge , little or no clean up , but it does clean easily when needed . He loves it and it saves loads of money plus you get a healthy diet . Holds large cans of chili , stew , etc. . A + product .
 has good diagrams , very detailed , i have n't seen a better manual for this engine . the 6.9 is hard to find a manual for that is good , bought several other books , read all the online material , this one is the best . not a step by step parts replacement manual
 BEING `` DASHMAT '' BRAND THE COVER WAS AS EXPECTED . GOOD QUALITY AND FIT WELL . THE ONLY COMPLAINT I COULD MAKE WOULD BE THE VELCRO STRAPS WOULD NOT STICK TOGETHER . I DO N'T KNOW IF THEY WERE OLD OR DEFECTIVE . I HAD TO BUY NEW STRIPS .
 Not much you can say about a pressure reducer , but it works . I 've used it for about a month now ; no leaks and the pressure has been steady
 This regulator does what it is supposed to do.It is well built and does the job.I do n't know what else to say but I have to write at least 20 words , so here they are .
 Reduces water pressure to 40 to 50 psi. , go figure.I use it on my outside hose bibs , saves hose failures.Great for camping hookup where there are higher pressure connections .
 I bought this because I have well over 60lbs of water pressure . I could n't keep a garden hose because of it . I put it on and have n't lost one since.I 'm actually going to purchase more for all of my faucets outside .
 I would not have bought this product if the description had said anything about containing lead because I intended to use this for my pets ' automatic water bowl . Since Camco sells RV parts , I thought it would be a safe buy , but I wasted my money .
 I purchased one about 5 years ago like it a lot so I put one on My Yamaha 426 I wanted more snap out the bike it helps.Some want the bike to react slower with other type of cam type thottle tubes not me I like the old 2 stroke power now hit and hang on .1 / 4 turn thorttle tubes work great .
 For something so much cheaper than the OEM part I had low expectations . Part fit perfectly , cleared out the low pad life warning and seems like OE quality . One note
 I 'm usually buy only OEM parts but purchased these through Amazon since I had a short window to do the repair . Fit was fine . 10k miles since install and everything seems okay . Would recommend . Saved money over OEM as well .
 Just received the cover and put it on . Covers the car -LRB- a '65 VW bug -RRB- well and seems sturdy .
 The old starter design would not allow good access to the nut securing the starter to bell housing . The securing nut was kind of in a pocket and would not accept a socket . You had to sandwich an open end wrench on the nut with very limited room to turn it . This new design fixed that problem by making the starter body a little more narrow where it would accept a socket . Also noticed that the other side of the starter that accepts the D shaped bolt has been redesigned also to accept the new hook type bolt . These two changes make the starter easier to remove and install . Starter comes with a new bushing which can be difficult to install if you do n't have the proper removal/installation tool . There are some good youtube videos that make this easy , so make sure you do a search and read up on how to change the bushing . Good value for the price .
 I searched locally and could n't find this item anywhere , I put the number of the product into the Amazon search bar and there it was , an exact match at a better price than when it was twenty years ago ! Hit purchase and a few days later they came , saved me time looking anywhere else!Sincerely , Alan
 Purchased for my wife 's Honda Accord . It helped to lay the dash mat flat for a couple of days before installation . After installation , it gradually relaxes and fits the dash very well . The velcro pieces are a bit tricky to place on the dash but not too bad . Also , be sure to have something to clean the dash before hand so the velcro sticks better . I highly recommend this product .
 This product was of good quality for the price . I was very satisfied and would recommend this product .
 Works great , wo n't cause any problems with the police unlike say you keeping a hammer or mallet on your front seat.If you drive a newer car with powered features , door locks and powered windows then buy one of these hammers and give yourselve a fighting chance of getting out of that locked car , not worried about being trapped under water in your car , then try being trapped in a car that has shorted out in the middle of summer !! Unless your a kung fu master you are n't breaking that window very easy.Powered doors and windows are nice but can trap you inside your car without a moments notice , be safe and be ready , just how much do value do you place on your life and the lifes of your loved ones?And for getting out of a jammed seatbelt without any problems this tool is awesome.Be aware and do n't be scared
 Excellent value and works great ! The 4 star rating is due to the awful wiring instructions . But I got it figured out with lots of on-line help !
 I bought the tachometer for my grandsons truck . He had it installed right away with no problems . Works like a charm !
 I needed a tach for a truck I was restoring . I just wanted a simply tach and this fit the bill . Has worked great and not gave me a problem yet . I have bought other inexpensive tachs and they have failed . You cant go wrong with a Auto Meter product .
 Product is as stated . works well seems pretty accurate . The other owner would have seen if he read the manual that you can get another light for the tach if it goes out . You just have to contact autometer-its supposed to last the life of the tach . Also the directions show in picture form how to hook up the tach to a few different types of systems . Idiot proof in my opinion . So I 'm not exactly sure why some say the installation instructions are bad . My only reasoning for 4 stars is that it claims on the box the be made in USA but on the bottom of the box it says , `` custom made in TAIWAN for Autometer '' . So I 'm not sure who to believe . I prefer to buy made in USA when I can . Otherwise the tach looks and works great . I will be buying more autogage in the future
 Good clear instructions made for fast install . Looks good and works better . The back lighting makes meter clear at night . Would have liked it better if it also came with a flat base . That would have made for a better fit and finish look , when mounting to a flat surface .
 bought this for my 94 ' toyota pickup , 2wd . really nice having something as a guide to shift when i 'm in the city and get distracted until i notice the needle spun around.install instructions that came with it did n't help much , but i had no mechanical knowledge when i installed it . my grandfather helped me a ton with finding out where to put the wires.it looks really nice on the dash and have n't had any issues with it since putting it on 2 years ago .
 Put this in the hubby 's truck it works just fine , his only compliant is that the light level is n't adjustable .
 Fit and finish are Top notch , Just make sure all the clamps are tight/check them weekly ! directions were Extremely easy and by myself took 30 min to install , Above 1/2 throttle and 3K Rpm All you can hear is intake , And i have a custom loud flowmaster exhaust And this is all on a flex fuel 1999 ! It turns heads and pulls Amazing ! Even with 161K on her !
 Very easy installation , took around 30 minutes ; the kit provides a slightly more aggressive sound from under the hood , the throttle response feels a tiny bit sharper , although not a spectacular difference ; the best part is that my Avg . fuel economy has improved about 3/4mpg over the last 8 months/7500 miles . 1999 Ford Ranger XLT Supercab 3.0 L V-6 -LRB- flex fuel -RRB-
 Appears it is doing the job it is designed to do . I have only had it in for 3 weeks . So far so good ! I have cut my gas mileage by at least 2 miles/per gallon . Hoping for more improvement over time .
 Installed this product on a Ford Ranger -LRB- 1999 -RRB- Difference is night and day . Great stuff , very much an improvement in throttle response and some gas savings as well -LRB- As long as you do n't find the quicker response too tempting ... -RRB-
 i was at first disappointed because i got no better gas mileage the first tank after installation . however , since then my gas mileage has climbed up 45 miles per tank .
 Very high quality rebuild component.Indistinguishable from new - except for price.Perfect performance and function.EXCELLENT VALUE and SERVICE both from the manufacturer and AMAZON.Slight defect in workmanship ... . the plug in connector was installed upside creating at first the concern that the part may not fit . However , turning upside down the vehicle connecting wire/plug corrected the mismatch and the installation was completed without any other difficulties . Performance or function unaffected .
 I do n't know how Amazon does it . I have needed this part for about three years now but I was not going to pay $ 350.00 at the dealership or $ 190.00 at discount on line parts places . Then I find it at Amazon for under $ 60.00 . Once again , my volkswagen starts right up and stays running like it is supposed to . The old part was totally corroded and worn out.I am very pleased with the quality and fit of the new part .
 While servicing my 97 F250 Diesel I noticed the Air Filter housing was cracked at the base . This pretty much made it totally ineffective at removing any dust/dirt . Considering my options I purchased the K&N ; air filter kit to replace the stock system.Installation instructions were well written and easy to follow . Installation was completed in a couple of hours and I think I can even detect a little stronger acceleration .
 My old filter housing was also cracked , and I have been wanting this set up almost , since my 1997 F-350 was new . WOW what a diferance this set has made . I live in the mountains 8,500 feet . Smoke from my tail pipe when pulling is almost gone , I can actualy here the turbo winding , and I do feel the engine is working much better.I should have bought this in 1997 . Seller was very prompt , instructions were flawless . It took about an hour to install .
 Cant believe how much horsepower it gave me , and increased fuel mileage , my 97 ford f 350 has never been so powerful .
 It was a very easy install.Good Directions with pictures were easy to follow.It made a big difference in the trucks takeoff and improved my gas mileage . The money I am saving in diesel fuel has already paid for this cold air intake kit.I am going to put on a bigger exhaust pipe to help my diesel breathe even better.I called my local auto parts and priced this before I checked Amazon.Local auto parts wanted $ 275 Plus tax which would have brought my total to almost $ 300 . When I found it on Amazon for $ 217 which included shipping and no tax so that was my landed cost.Ordered it on Friday and itwas here on Monday .
 I am technically a medium , but the large fits better . The medium was a bit too tight , so if you think you are a medium on maybe the larger side of medium , go for a large . The look of the helmet is nice . I would recommend it .
 I wear a size 7 1/4 '' US hat size , head measures 23 1/2 '' inches around , and the size large fits me perfectly ! I mention this so you can compare your own noggin before ordering . If you wear say a size 7 1/2 '' US hat size , then I would totally recommend going with the extra large . That being said , the helmet is totally awesome ! High quality , well made , and I love the center side stitching . Perfect helmet for me , and I totally recommend it !
 I gave my scooter-riding 30 year old son this helmet for Christmas . He loves it . It has a nice finish . It fits well and it just well ... looks really cool on him . Perfect ! Good seller too . Really prompt delivery with good packing .
 can not yet speak to the durability but the look of this helmet is quite nice for the price . if reasonable care is taken , my sister will look great on her scooter .
 I have rode for years choosing not to wear a helmet until just recently . I began searching for a helmet that would serve its pupose yet represent as well and this helmet is it . It is comfortable and not to bulky as in some other brands that I have checked on at shops . The leather surface over the shell is just the thing . I consider this to be a good choice for me .
 I ordered this helmet for my very small scooter and it is exactly what I was looking for ! Fits perfectly , and is well made . The seller also shipped out super fast ! Thanks .
 Looks fantastic . The leather and detailing is just great . Looks a lot better on than most half helmets that are up to DOT standards , not as chunky as our other half helmet . Good price too - would recommend this product to everyone !
 Bought this helmet to replace a similar Bell Shorty Leather where the zipper on the removable ear-flaps gave up.Helmet looks pretty good and is not too bulky.However I did n't like the stupid stickers that teared up the low quality leather imitation when you try to peel them off . I also agree with another reviewer that the strap is to vertical and pulls unnecessarily hard on the wind pipe.For the price a decent buy but room for improvement .
 Overall this is a good product and quite nicely fabricated . In my case however it stays a little high on the head and looks a little funny because of that .
 I really like this helmet . The leather makes it much better looking . Fits great . Ca n't use just yet because where I live its still winter in northern Minnesota ! Looking forward to using this quality product .
 Can I tell you how many motorcycle stores I have been to looking for the pefect half helmet?Not only is this helmet well designed , comfortable , -LRB- true-to-size -RRB- and also DOT approved ... but it 's also unique and stylish in a retro - yet modern way . I ride a 1200cc motorcycle and actually enjoyed wearing this helmet . I also received a few `` wow ... that 's a cool helmet '' from a few friends . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Helmet . Was just what I was looking for very nice would recommend to anyone looking for this type of helmet .
 Very happy with this helmet , been riding with it all summer.Leather is a matte finish and very smooth , seams are very tight and the stitching is flawless . DOT logo on the rear of the helmet is red in color and a transfer type decal.Comfortable to wear and a bit lighter in weight for a DOT compliant helmet , there are no air vents so it can get a little warn on hot days . The visor is made of thick plastic and very well attached so you do n't have to worry about damaging it picking up or putting down the helmet.The chin strap is smooth and non irritating on my chin and the additional padding on the V 's near your ears helps with wind noise and buffeting near your ears.I would order another one if I needed to .
 I 've been looking for a quality helmet that looks good and feels good . This helmet fits the bill . Outstanding service from this company , I had the helmet 4 days ahead of projected delivery date . Very comfortable , and fits well . No dome head helmet , here ! I 've since ordered the matching clear shield , which also came much earlier than expected . Now I am ready for those long rides , and not worried about comfort or rain !
 This helmet is great of quality . I usually wear an XL motorcycle helmet , so I ordered an XL . This helmet is little tight for me , so I have to remove a little less than 1/4 '' inch of styrofoam padding just in the back of the helmet . I was careful not to take out too much because there would not be any protection.Now it fits perfectly . I would have returned for a larger size , but did not want to wait for it . The DOT sticker in the back is peeling off also , but I do n't mind . Most bikers where I live are hardly ever pulled over because there was no sticker or logo visible . Otherwise , this helmet fits great now and has a slim profile look without the `` mushroom head '' that other helmets have .
 I ride a little 150cc scooter and the helmets i kept finding locally were either wider than my bike or too costly . Point of buying the scooter was to save on gas and it does ; same reason whay I bought the Beanie Helmet . Not only is it DOT certified but it 's light weight and not goofy looking like some half cut helmets . In Texas we really do not have to wear helmets if you meet certain requirements with your insurance and other things . But safety is key as I have already had a 10mph spill and walked away with road rash and have noticed that most of those on-the-cell-phone-suv-driving-housewives do n't pay attention half the time thus my purchase . I went for both safety and style ; and as stated before the price was at least half off from purchasing from any mc or scooter shhop locally . I ordered my helmet and before I knew it I had it as the trun around was that quick . Thanks Jafrum .
 Great product , well made and an excellent fit , which has proved to be very comfortable . The product was shipped extremely quickly , and arrived in much less time than expected -LRB- 2 days from ordering with normal mail -RRB- . It was very appreciated . Overall impression has been Fantastic Product and Fantastic Service . I promptly ordered other items from this supplier due to their original response . Highly recommended , and would purchase from them again . Thank you
 Beautiful helmet ... but be careful of removing the 2 stickers on it . The HCI sticker on the back came off easily . But then I started to take the size sticker on the side of the helmet and the leather started to come off with the sticker . So I tried to pull from the other direction . . slowly with a wet paper towel to try to loosen the glue while I pulled . . again the leather ripped a little and started to come off with the helmet . I finally just pushed the sticker back on , got a black sharpie and colored it black to match the helmet.The company needs to either not put a size sticker on the outside of the helmet or get less sticky ones .
 My partner and I have had these helmets for a long time now , and they are still holding up very nicely . They are snug and a good decent quality . Good buy !
 First of all , I 'm very impressed about Jafrum 's outstanding customer service . It took me to try three different size of helmets to figure out my head size . Helmet itself is very comfortable and the price is very reasonable . I have nothing but praise for Jafrum people and products . '' April 28 , 2011
 I paired this helmet with my ' 40 's era goggles , and it looks great . It does n't make my head look huge , and it still has the DOT approval .
 I like the helmet a lot . It fits perfectly and looks pretty good . I did not have a problem taking the stickers off . I only gave it 4 stars , because a little more padding would have been nice .
 Great helmet and great price . The only trouble with leather is you do n't want to drop it in gravel . It will cut up the leather but I am well satisfied with it . It looks great !!
 I was very pleased when this helmet arrived . It was sent very fast . It is not too bulky like most DOT helmets are . Looks great and feels comfortable too .
 I installed these on my '99 Suburban 4x4 , about 15 months ago . It was originally equipped with the factory tow package , which apparently included upgraded shocks . I was very happy with them when they were new , but by 150k miles , or so , they were allowing the truck to sway too much . I tow a fairly light trailer -LRB- under 2,000 lbs -RRB- so I 'm not super demanding , but I am typically taking it about 300 miles through some very windy and hilly roads , so good stability was my primary objective . On the other hand , I did n't want to feel like I had rocks for wheels . These shocks fit the bill perfectly . The ride is very stable , whether towing or not , yet is very comfortable . I highly recommend these .
 Bilstein shocks are always a great improvement over most stock shocks . These make the car feel completely different , like a new car . The thing with shocks is , you generally do n't know what you are missing or how bad your current shocks are until you change them .
 Looks Great . I 'm sure most people would never know this is not a stock Mustang part . And most anyone that does know would like the way it looks . It was not difficult to install and seemed well made .
 I have used this on my 2005 Honda Accord EX V6 Leather for several years now and I love the way it makes my car look . I will never use anything else .
 This valve height tool works very well and is well worth the money . It is accurate and easy to use . Just installed a set of 16 springs this weekend and it worked flawlessly to measure the shim height .
 this k & n universal intake was very easy to install and i noticed a difference in power and quality 5 min . after instaltion . its cheap easy and worth every penny what more can i say .
 This is a great kit . The Leather Conditioner adds a nice sheen -LRB- not gloss -RRB- to my seats and does n't leave a residue . The Vinylex keeps my black interior looking like new and hides any small scratches without a greasy , glossy coating . And the best part is when friends and family get in my car -LRB- which I 've had for almost 2 years -RRB- they say `` Your car still smells and looks new '' . Worth every penny : -RRB-
 Products perform well . I do n't have to worry about stains , odors , or skin reaction when I use them .
 Very happy with this kit . Perfect for detailing the car and all parts inside . Lexol is my first choice for leather care products !
 Works as advertised . The Vinylex works better than Armorall . I use the Vinylex on my convertible top . This product does not appear greasy and will not run down the windows when raining like Armorall does .
 The DashMat Dash Board Cover was for an older model vehicle but it was the perfect color and fit perfectly . It arrived timely . No complaints here !
 First , If anyone is thinking of buying this alarm go ahead and pull the trigger ; BUY IT ! It 's very easy to install and works great . I especially love the flip-out key/keyless entry remote w/LED light . You can search around , but you wo n't find a kit like this for the price . I tried and only found this one on Amazon . The only gripe I have is the tech support phone # . The mailbox is ALWAYS full , but they do respond back pretty quick by email and are very courteous .
 I looked everywhere on and offline for a dash cover or mat or carpet for my Moms car . Dash mat is a product I have used and purchased in the past . I was happy with the Dash Mat I purchased this time as far as quality of the product . I was disappointed that everywhere I turned I could not get a color picture of the actual color of the Dash Mat I get that maybe there were only a couple of colors and I think a couple might look good either way . None the less because I was n't shown a full bill of goods so to speak I have to deduct 1 star for not giving all the info . The product Dash Mat is an awesome product otherwise as it cools your dash off and keeps even dust fom being a big problem but the biggie is the lowering of solar radiation through the windshield . As a resident of Arizona I can appreciate even a few degrees lowered temp on a110 degree day .
 Always the best gasket . I have been using them for decades without a failure . I hope they never forget the Ford flatheads .
 I am by no means an expert mechanic , but I had no problems installing and getting this product to work on my 2000 Chevy Silverado . It has been on my truck for about 7 months now . The previous regulator was the original one and had broken one of its pulley wires . So far the new regulator is working great . No issues with the response of the window motor , no sticking or slow points on window movement . Saved me a bundle if I had to take it to a mechanic.I would recommend this to a friend .
 Being a maintenance buff for our families 4 vehicles , I find Amazon a convenient and very cost-effective source for my Fram Automotive products . Besides being priced at competitive prices with leading retail outlets , delivery to my home is the icing on the cake for me . I prefer the ToughGuard line of products , although regular oil & air & filter changes with any brand is the key to good auto health .
 This product was easy to install , and fixed the issue I was having with the high beams on my nissan . It got to my house before expected , and worked like a wonder . I definitely would buy again .
 This amazing 3-in-oil in the blue bottle labeled for `` MOTOR OIL '' is essential for all activities when rebuilding AC or DC motors especially for fan restoration projects . Do n't purchase the `` RED 3-in-1 '' as it contains Naptha . The Naptha gets the dirt in suspension then evaporates leaving dirt on the bearing surface , like detergents . Not good idea for motors ! Great , inexpensive lubricant for all 20wt . motor applications .
 3-in-1 oil is a great product to have in your toolbox/home . From small fan repair , sewing machine parts , small motors , moveable small machine parts
 Where I live , there was absolutely nobody who knew what `` electrical '' or `` Dielectric '' oil even was , so to find a oil like this that 's so easily dispensable , and come is convenient sizes , is just wonderful . I 'd also mention that while I ca n't particularly comment about it 's overall efficacy , knowing that it 's the 3-in-1 brand name is certainly reassuring ... . These guys have been around since before i was born !!!
 It 's oil , what else would you expect . I used it for a vintage fan motor since it was recommended by others .
 I build and repair computers and had a few large case fans -LRB- Xcilo 25cm fans -RRB- that seemed to be at the end of there life and my replacements from Taiwan were going to take awhile so I bought this as a temporary fix all I had to do is peel back the sticker backing on the fan remove a loose rubber gasket drip 5-6 drop of this oil in and now the fans are back to life
 I like this product alot it worked perfectleyNo problems with the Oil for fani recommend you to buy this
 This is an excellent product and allows for superior visualization in the automotive body industry . Use it for sanding body fillers prior to priming , use it for sanding primer prior to painting to maximize the quality of your work . When I was a beginner without this product I always had visible spots where I did filler touch up work and with the use of this product everything has been virtually eliminated . My only complaint and why it did n't get 5 stars is the cost . If you are high volume the least you can do for yourself is save the applicator and just get the cartridge refills as this much like most 3m products is NOT cheap stuff . 5 stars if they reduce the price down at least $ 8-12 .00 . After all it is just a black powder .
 Very easy to east to use , Be careful where you set it down . I knocked it over , only a small amount of powder Good coverage . You can cover the whole panel and then your high/low spots show up without missing a small spot that you might with the spray .
 I ordered this helmet for my very small scooter and it is exactly what I was looking for ! Fits perfectly , and is well made . The seller also shipped out super fast ! Thanks .
 Looks fantastic . The leather and detailing is just great . Looks a lot better on than most half helmets that are up to DOT standards , not as chunky as our other half helmet . Good price too - would recommend this product to everyone !
 Bought this helmet to replace a similar Bell Shorty Leather where the zipper on the removable ear-flaps gave up.Helmet looks pretty good and is not too bulky.However I did n't like the stupid stickers that teared up the low quality leather imitation when you try to peel them off . I also agree with another reviewer that the strap is to vertical and pulls unnecessarily hard on the wind pipe.For the price a decent buy but room for improvement .
 Overall this is a good product and quite nicely fabricated . In my case however it stays a little high on the head and looks a little funny because of that .
 I really like this helmet . The leather makes it much better looking . Fits great . Ca n't use just yet because where I live its still winter in northern Minnesota ! Looking forward to using this quality product .
 Can I tell you how many motorcycle stores I have been to looking for the pefect half helmet?Not only is this helmet well designed , comfortable , -LRB- true-to-size -RRB- and also DOT approved ... but it 's also unique and stylish in a retro - yet modern way . I ride a 1200cc motorcycle and actually enjoyed wearing this helmet . I also received a few `` wow ... that 's a cool helmet '' from a few friends . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Helmet . Was just what I was looking for very nice would recommend to anyone looking for this type of helmet .
 Very happy with this helmet , been riding with it all summer.Leather is a matte finish and very smooth , seams are very tight and the stitching is flawless . DOT logo on the rear of the helmet is red in color and a transfer type decal.Comfortable to wear and a bit lighter in weight for a DOT compliant helmet , there are no air vents so it can get a little warn on hot days . The visor is made of thick plastic and very well attached so you do n't have to worry about damaging it picking up or putting down the helmet.The chin strap is smooth and non irritating on my chin and the additional padding on the V 's near your ears helps with wind noise and buffeting near your ears.I would order another one if I needed to .
 I 've been looking for a quality helmet that looks good and feels good . This helmet fits the bill . Outstanding service from this company , I had the helmet 4 days ahead of projected delivery date . Very comfortable , and fits well . No dome head helmet , here ! I 've since ordered the matching clear shield , which also came much earlier than expected . Now I am ready for those long rides , and not worried about comfort or rain !
 This helmet is great of quality . I usually wear an XL motorcycle helmet , so I ordered an XL . This helmet is little tight for me , so I have to remove a little less than 1/4 '' inch of styrofoam padding just in the back of the helmet . I was careful not to take out too much because there would not be any protection.Now it fits perfectly . I would have returned for a larger size , but did not want to wait for it . The DOT sticker in the back is peeling off also , but I do n't mind . Most bikers where I live are hardly ever pulled over because there was no sticker or logo visible . Otherwise , this helmet fits great now and has a slim profile look without the `` mushroom head '' that other helmets have .
 I am technically a medium , but the large fits better . The medium was a bit too tight , so if you think you are a medium on maybe the larger side of medium , go for a large . The look of the helmet is nice . I would recommend it .
 I wear a size 7 1/4 '' US hat size , head measures 23 1/2 '' inches around , and the size large fits me perfectly ! I mention this so you can compare your own noggin before ordering . If you wear say a size 7 1/2 '' US hat size , then I would totally recommend going with the extra large . That being said , the helmet is totally awesome ! High quality , well made , and I love the center side stitching . Perfect helmet for me , and I totally recommend it !
 I gave my scooter-riding 30 year old son this helmet for Christmas . He loves it . It has a nice finish . It fits well and it just well ... looks really cool on him . Perfect ! Good seller too . Really prompt delivery with good packing .
 can not yet speak to the durability but the look of this helmet is quite nice for the price . if reasonable care is taken , my sister will look great on her scooter .
 I have rode for years choosing not to wear a helmet until just recently . I began searching for a helmet that would serve its pupose yet represent as well and this helmet is it . It is comfortable and not to bulky as in some other brands that I have checked on at shops . The leather surface over the shell is just the thing . I consider this to be a good choice for me .
 I ride a little 150cc scooter and the helmets i kept finding locally were either wider than my bike or too costly . Point of buying the scooter was to save on gas and it does ; same reason whay I bought the Beanie Helmet . Not only is it DOT certified but it 's light weight and not goofy looking like some half cut helmets . In Texas we really do not have to wear helmets if you meet certain requirements with your insurance and other things . But safety is key as I have already had a 10mph spill and walked away with road rash and have noticed that most of those on-the-cell-phone-suv-driving-housewives do n't pay attention half the time thus my purchase . I went for both safety and style ; and as stated before the price was at least half off from purchasing from any mc or scooter shhop locally . I ordered my helmet and before I knew it I had it as the trun around was that quick . Thanks Jafrum .
 Great product , well made and an excellent fit , which has proved to be very comfortable . The product was shipped extremely quickly , and arrived in much less time than expected -LRB- 2 days from ordering with normal mail -RRB- . It was very appreciated . Overall impression has been Fantastic Product and Fantastic Service . I promptly ordered other items from this supplier due to their original response . Highly recommended , and would purchase from them again . Thank you
 Beautiful helmet ... but be careful of removing the 2 stickers on it . The HCI sticker on the back came off easily . But then I started to take the size sticker on the side of the helmet and the leather started to come off with the sticker . So I tried to pull from the other direction . . slowly with a wet paper towel to try to loosen the glue while I pulled . . again the leather ripped a little and started to come off with the helmet . I finally just pushed the sticker back on , got a black sharpie and colored it black to match the helmet.The company needs to either not put a size sticker on the outside of the helmet or get less sticky ones .
 My partner and I have had these helmets for a long time now , and they are still holding up very nicely . They are snug and a good decent quality . Good buy !
 First of all , I 'm very impressed about Jafrum 's outstanding customer service . It took me to try three different size of helmets to figure out my head size . Helmet itself is very comfortable and the price is very reasonable . I have nothing but praise for Jafrum people and products . '' April 28 , 2011
 I paired this helmet with my ' 40 's era goggles , and it looks great . It does n't make my head look huge , and it still has the DOT approval .
 I like the helmet a lot . It fits perfectly and looks pretty good . I did not have a problem taking the stickers off . I only gave it 4 stars , because a little more padding would have been nice .
 Great helmet and great price . The only trouble with leather is you do n't want to drop it in gravel . It will cut up the leather but I am well satisfied with it . It looks great !!
 I was very pleased when this helmet arrived . It was sent very fast . It is not too bulky like most DOT helmets are . Looks great and feels comfortable too .
 This thing arrived five days before the original estimated delivery date and even one day before the Fed-Ex date . Rolled nicely in the box without folds or crunching that would cause roll marks in the nap . Fits great on the dash in my 96 Camaro . The only thing to mention would be that where the dash drops to the right of the instrument panel the binding sticks out slightly further than anywhere else . Could only be on my particular piece , as I do not know if they are bound individually or machine run . Overall a great buy and worth every penny . I purchased this because my main dash plastic has several cracks and the dash mat was less than half the price of a new main dash panel and of course , less work . Best improvement to the car to date !
 Being a true Yankee fan , of course , I love this . It is great for showing your team spirit !
 This will be my fourth K&N intake system for a car I own . I 've always doubted all of them when purchasing , including this one . But they seem to always amaze me . The rush of power and the sound of cool forceful air screaming into the intake is phenomenal ! I can not help putting the pedal to the metal . Power can be felt in all RPM ranges , but when you floor it ... man the power just climbs until the engine upshifts , then you do it all over again . I initially made my own intake system , but there were choke points and the K&N design just gets rid of all the restrictions while allowing big increase throughout the powerband . Amazing and quality product , I did not use the shroud included to protect the intake from engine heat as i 've read it doesnt do a great job . I already fabricated my own shroud and it works great with this system . I felt the intake tube and filter after driving hard and it was even with the ambient temperature , so I did a decent job with keeping my cold air intake ... cold . So I can not comment on the the intake , but I am sure it keeps away engine heat somewhat . I recommend adding your own insulation to fully unlock your intake 's potential . This totally woke up my straight six engine , along with my exhaust and engine tune . If you are thinking of buying ... you wont regret it ! You will only enjoy it .
 I bought this product about a year ago from Amazon . I hooked it up in about an hour with few to no problems . I realize many of you do n't like to read instructions , because neither do I , but I strongly recommend it in this case . If you do n't follow them , you will miss important steps that are definitely needed to install the intake.There is no gain in gas mileage , so save your Benjamins if that 's what you are looking for . As for horse power , I will say it makes a small difference , there is definitely performance to be had on the throttle response from the product.The most noticeable difference from this intake though is the sound . When you drive normally it will make no difference to the quietness of the vehicle . However , when you step on it a little more , or really floorboard it , it will be louder than your radio , that 's for sure . It has a very distinct sound , and everyone that I know that has heard it really likes the sound it produces.I further recommend that you hollow the airbox and reattach it over the intake instead of the heat shield provided . It wo n't choke the intake and it will also help keep the air far cooler -LRB- which is the point of a cold air intake -RRB- . If it sucks in too much hot air it will affect the timing and power.Great product , I give it 5 stars ! I also prefer it over the metal intake of the same model because obviously plastic wo n't get as hot as metal , and help insulate the air .
 Although shipping was a little delayed because of the holidays , I am very very pleased with this product!After install on my trailblazer -LRB- easy install -RRB- , the notice in throttle response was immediate . Acceleration has seemed to improve a lot as well . Oh and the sound of the intake during acceleration is amazing , nice and throaty ! I cant wait to see the improvements after the PCM tune ! Thanks for the great product !
 the k & n 57-3036 was everything and more then I hope and at a great price , ordering was very easy , shipping was fast and arrived in great sharp , I would buy again from azazon
 I inspected this water pump and it is made well ; probably better than OEM . Forged aicraft aluminum exceeds 15,000 miles or thermal cyclic warpage . Will buy from Prestone again !
 Fast shipping . This really helps keep larger items from getting into the filter , making it easier to clean the K&N air filter without reducing air flow . Unfortunately K&N does not make a dry charger for my air filter , but you can fabricate one using the dry charger designed for the Polaris snowmobile -LRB- PL-5006DK -RRB- using a zip tie . Overall it is a great product for summer riding .
 great product easy install . and the best part instant power gain that you ca feel and hear .
 I did not know just what to expect with the manual listed as a reproduction , and also being listed as 1600 pages . The book is a photo copy , marked as an authorized reproduction with a Ford authorization number . The photo copy quality is better than I expected , and they even used a good grade of copy paper , better than many original factory manuals I have purchased over the years.Everyone always questions why spend this kind of money for a factory manual when I can buy a used Haynes covering the same year -LRB- and many other years and models too -RRB- for 10-20 bucks . If you are doing a serious restoration , or are just concerned about knowing what parts exactly were used on your vehicle and need clear , concise instructions and good pictures to find and diagnose all the parts on most any vehicle , you need the factory manual . Every time I find a picture in a Haynes or Chilton or whoever manual , it is the wrong year , normally the item is different and the instructions are written only for people that do not read them anyway.I am very pleased with the quality workmanship and care shown in putting this manual together , and can recommend this seller very highly . When spending about $ 100 for the manual plus shipping , you need to know that 1 . It is the correct manual . 2 . It must be complete . 3 . the quality of workmanship in reproducing the manual must be as close as possible to the original . 4 . It must be properly bound to withstand garage use.This 1988 Ford Bronco II and Ranger Shop Service Manual Reproduction met all the criteria and more . The description said about 1600 pages . I was sure that was a misprint . It was not . This is just about the largest factory manual I have ever seen . Sized at 8.5 by 11 inches , it is almost 3 1/2 inches thick . The time spent to carefully copy and bind this manual makes the price a real bargain .
 I installed this knob in my 04 GTO . I like it for the retro apperance and it feels great with just the right size to give you a good grip and comfortable shifts . My only complaint is that I wish it had HURST etched in the side like the originals .
 I bought this for a 2000 Camaro Z28 -LRB- 6 speed manual -RRB- as my stock leather ball was starting to wear out . I liked the size and shape of the stock ball but wanted to give my interior -LRB- black -RRB- a little contrast . This shifter ball screwed on the stock stick without a problem and as soon as I figured out what height and position I wanted , I removed it and added some blue loctite to the threads and screwed it back down . The loctite has held up for almost a year without any problems and it still looks brand new . If you want to give your interior a little personal touch this is a great shifter ball to replace your stock leather ball .
 Put this on my 99 WS .6 . The white goes great with the grey interior . The gear positions look cool too .
 I bought this for my 3/4 ton truck . It is a quality product for almost half the price asked of a major local retail chain .
 This streetglow kit is a great buy and this dealer is great to deal with . Fast shipping and low price . I would adivise anyone looking at this product to buy it from them
 Although I had to return these to the seller because i found out they are illegal in Pennsylvania , they were very cool when i did have them . They Came just as described and it was painful having to send them back :-LRB- .
 A bit on the expensive side , but it fits perfectly -- I mean it looks like these seat covers were put in by the car manufacturer . Tight and relatively easy to put in . Some install steps are much easier with 2 people doing it . Openings for side airbags are a nice touch . Overall , esthetically pleasing , perfect fit and functional .
 3-In-One oil has been such an ever present part of my entire life that it has sort of become invisible . Yesterday I heard a squeak as my wife opened the back door . I have a `` thing '' about doors that make animal noises , and after listening to the old radio show `` The Inner Sanctum , '' and having the wits scared out of me as a little one , I am touchy about such things , so I immediately went searching for the 3-In-One oil and 2 minutes later the problem was fixed and I suspect it will stay fixed for quite sometime now.The only human being on the face of this earth who knew less about fixing things was my father . The only tool he could use and the only one he taught me to use was 3-In-One oil . For that I shall forever be grateful . As a small child we always had cans of this stuff around the house and if anything was broken , and I mean anything , it was oiled ! My father also kept a can of this stuff in his dental office and used it frequently on his dental tool/machines . The man was an absolutely squirrely about the stuff.I can not imagine running a household without this product . I use it on anything where metal hits metal ; doors , tools -LRB- both hand tools and mechanical -RRB- , cars , guns , fishing reels , windows , furniture , toys when the kids were little , typewriters -LRB- Antiques now , I know , but I still use one -RRB- , camping gear , garden tools after use to protect them from rust , bicycles , exercise equipment , and on and on . One of the biggest uses I put this oil to use is applying a thing amount to all of my garden tools after I have used and then cleaned them . A good shovel , clippers or rake can last several life times if treated properly.I much prefer this oil to WD-40 as it lasts so much longer and I personally can not stand the smell of WD-40 for some reason . About the only thing that oil can be use for that I do n't use it for , is sharpening knives and for that I use Smith 's Honing Oil . Like another reviewer here , I even take a small can of this stuff with me when we travel as a squeaking hotel room door -LRB- and there are many , many of them out there folks -RRB- , is just as annoying to me as a door in my own home . Do n't even get me started on squeaking car doors and squeaks in automobiles in general ... Allow me to point out a couple of things ; practices that can get you in trouble when you use this stuff . First , this oil dose not wash out of clothing very well ; be careful . Secondly , the biggest problem people have with this product is simply using too much of it to oil what ever it is they are oiling . You simply do not need all that much applied in most cases and all you will get from overuse is a big mess . Thirdly , it must be remembered that many things need CLEANED between oiling or before you apply new oil . A good example of this is bicycle chains . If you keep applying lubricant and never remove the old along with the collected dirt , you are going to wear your chain out rather quickly . The same holds true for guns . Guns need to be cleaned and cleaned often ... even if you do not use them all of the time . The old oil needs to be removed from the working parts , the part cleaned , and new oil applied . You can simply ruin your gun by not doing this.Enough preaching ... This is an excellent product . I have used it all of my life and will continue to do so.Don BlankenshipThe Ozarks
 3-In-One Oil has been around for years and should be in every home , just like band aids and first aid cream . This quickly and easily will stop those annoying squeaks when you open and close your doors by putting a few drops on the door hinges . A little goes a long way , so unless you have lots of problems , one can will last you for a while.I actually bring a small 3oz can of this on vacation when I stay in a condo or hotel room . I ca n't tell you how many times I have encountered a squeaky bathroom or bedroom door that is sure to wake up either me or my wife depending on who gets up first . Just a couple of drops of this product -- and problem solved.This works more effectively than WD-40 at stopping squeaks for the long term . While WD-40 will stop a squeaky door , it really does so only on a short term basis -- sometimes as short as a couple of days before the squeak returns . By contrast , with this product you will not hear a squeak again for months.I also put a few drops into a lock that I use outside all year round to keep it working smoothly.Bottom line
 I put this all over my bicycle chain and I can feel the difference . The chain fuels much smoother . There is no clanging of the chain parts against each other after using this . The ride is totally different after you soak your bicycle chain with this .
 I left my bike chained in the rain for a few days . Unsurprisingly the lock to the chain began to rust on the inside . This caused it to be extremely difficult for me to unlock my bike . I read online that 3 in 1 oil can help fix my problem . So I applied and a generous amount onto the lock and let it sit overnight . And voila ! The next morning it worked like new . Great product
 I was very happy to find 3in1 oil I have used it for years with great satifaction .
 3-IN-ONE is fantastic all-purpose oil . I use it for everything from my bike chain to my beard trimmer , and I 'm always happy with the results . One bottle will last a very long time , and I always keep one in my basement . I highly recommend this oil .
 3-in-One is a &#34; unique &#34; type of lubricant . It is great for household purposes . I used it on door locks , elliptical rails and worked great .
 I was having a heck of a time finding 3 in 1 oil at the store . This may last me 20 years .
 It does what it is supposed to do ... what else can be said ? I use it for fans , bike chains , household needs , hair clipper blade , you name it !
 I really hate to walk around and hear the squeaky noises of the doors so I used this in all my house , my car and everything that would make a noise and problem fixed . very simple and very cheap way too .
 You know how your grandpa had a can of oil forever ? Seemed like the same can?Well , it was probably 3-in-1 , and it probably was the same can all that time.A little dab will do you . Squeaky hinges ? I think maybe a teaspoon did six doors ' worth of squeaking hinges.Unless you have an entire locomotive train to lube , or you run a mechanic 's shop , get the smallest bottle available.And lube everything , because it needs it . Your bike , your doors , your car doors , it 's surprising how much better a little oil will make your life .
 i bought this specifically for my knives , and had some mixed results.As a cleaning / storage oil it works great . it also removes and protects against rust rust which is a must have for carbon steel blades . works the same on other pieces like door hinges or small motorsOn the other hand , it 's good for oiling your hinges on your knives or other hinges -LRB- iv ' e used it for more than my knives -RRB- but if you put your folder in your pocket even with a clip it gets lint and other debris clogged in the hinge . i know of few people that do n't carry their folder in their pocket , but in a sheathe and that seems to be fine.All-in-all it 's good . just keep the area you oil clear , and do n't just keep adding oil , every once in a while you have to clean the old oil out and put new oil in .
 I use this oil for pretty much anything that needs a little oiling , and at $ 5 for an 8oz bottle , Amazon beats the local store by a long shot . It works just fine as a gun oil , cutting oil when drilling , or just to get hinges to stop squeaking .
 Oil is oil ... and this does not need my endorsement ... it has been around longer than i have ... just what i needed for keeping my fans running quiet and smooth .
 Was satisfied with the product and the timeliness of delivery . The 3 n 1 oil is just as good as when I was a child
 Could not find my WD 40 , so I purchased this product . Like this product equally as well as WD 40 . It has become a staple in my home along with WD 40 . It is good for many uses around and in the home . The Seller 's price point was phenomenal ; and the delivery time was equally good . Would definitely recommend this product and the Seller for future purchases .
 3-in-One Oil is a light weight oil and seems to be a necessary item for many uses . This works very good in small fan motors where many other oils are entirely to heavy for a small motor fan . I like to keep some on hand and a few ounces will usually last me many years .
 my grandfather used this stuff for everything from fishing reels to the achy knees.Not so sure about the knees and i dont even own a fishing reel ... but i have yet to find a replacement for this product . Doesnt spray all over the place like aerosol -LRB- wd40 -RRB- If you didnt grow up using this , give it a try - for almost anything that squeeks or has friction.If you did grow up using 3-in-one oil then you know its many uses and probably just want to know if it is still as good as you remember . Rest assured , it still works . The company was acquired in 1995 by WD40 but they have maintained the same formula and high quality .
 This combined with dry powder graphite helped fix noisy computer fan ! Now its completely silent ! Product is very easy to use .
 This oil has been around as long as I can remember and is useful in so many household applications .
 Order came as advertised . It is what I wanted as I did not find a source here .
 One of those things that I do n't want to shop for often , so just get enough to be on track there , and that should do for a good long while .
 I 've been a cyclist for over 40 years . I even worked at a bike shop from ' 82 - ' 85 . We used WD-40 on chains -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- . Over the years I 've tried boiling chains in melted blocks of wax , commercial wax lubes , back to WD-40 , more commercial wax lubes and most recently , the tried & true 3-in-One oil.It 's oil . It smells like oil . It 's slippery . Anything wet will attract dust . Deal with it . A clean bicycle chain means it has no lube . There is no such thing as a clean lube for chains.Many cyclists advocate using chainsaw oil . I 'm not going to go that far , but 3-in-One is great .
 Does what it advertizes . Cleans throtle body and stops hesitation on take off . Highly reccommened for old high milage engines .
 This is the best petcock for the money that I 've come across yet . It moves freely and clicks into place so you know what position it 's in without looking . Reserve is very easy to find while rolling down the highway .
 WAY more air flow . LOVE IT I highly recommend K & N products . great air sucking sound it makes when the throttle is wide open !
 Installation instructions were a little vague and the heatshield bracket is a little `` flimsy . '' Other than this the product is excellent . I noticed an immediately increase in throttle response and fuel mileage .
 30 Minute install . Package arrived complete . Completely fits my car . No irreversible mods to my car . A straight swap to the original air filter kit.Cannot feel the actual increase in HP as expected but the sound is great!Installed in a Honda Civic Si -LRB- 99 -RRB- and on idle the sound is the same as stock , same with gradual push on the gas pedal even if you rev till red line -LRB- as long as its gradual increase the sound will be like stock -RRB- , but when you floor it , then you hear the loud sound , especially when Vtec kicks in until almost redline . : -RRB- Thing to note , upon shut down of engine you will hear the filter sucking air for up to at least a few seconds after , which forums say is normal .
 Increased my horse power in my 300zx significantly ! Definitely buy again . Product is great . Also would like some decals if you have any ?
 so far so good with this helmet it fits better than other helmet that i have own , love the color it matches my honda gold wing . the gold wing has a big and wide windshield , but if you use this helmet with a bike with a lower windshield or with no windshield you will need goggles because even with glasses you are going to have a hard time seeing .
 I have owned many over a lifetime of riding . After several years of use , I replace them because no matter how good they are , lining , padding , structural integrity become suspect . Two truths about helmets
 This is a great open face helmet . I have purchased Shoei in the past and they run true to size every time . Additionally , the shipping time was super ! Very pleased with this purchase .
 It is hard to find a quality open face helmet any more . I do n't like full face helmets and at 62 years of age I 'm not going to switch . My old open face helmet from 1975 was falling apart . I tried several lesser priced helmets but they did n't fit right and were small and cheap . This is a great fitting very high quality helmet that I 'll use mostly for snowmobiling and some for motorcycle street riding . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 I bought this to replace an aging RJ Platinum Air that I wore so much the foam liner started deteriorating . This helmet is a newer version of that helmet and it has its plusses and minuses . The plus is it is much lighter and sits a little higher on your head . I 've not noticed any ventilation issues so I guess that 's a good thing . The minus is the cheek pieces come `` out '' further and initially they bugged me but I guess now I 'm getting used to them . I liked the strap stay on the old version better since this one has one of the little plastic snaps . Overall a great helmet but I wish Shoei would have stuck to their old shell shape .
 Mats were shipped promptly , color is perfect and they are of good quality . I would recommend this product to anyone looking for quality BMW mats .
 The selection system told me it was n't , but this is the part number for my 04 Dodge Durango 5.7 Liter Hemi . You really need to check on K&N ; 's web site to get the part number , then come back to Amazon and search for that part number.On the plus side , this intake was a fairly easy install . The engine room is much cleaner now . It is probably lighter without the ton of plastic you remove . The fun part is tromping on the gas . It is much louder than I expected . I really like the sound . It gets a bit loud for my wife , but she never tromps on the gas anyway.A minor minus is one of the plastic peices you remove has the big HEMI logo on it . A replacement logo to put on the intake tube would be nice . Of course , you can pick those up anywhere .
 I researched this for a while before I bought it . The kit was super easy to install and the horse power is noticeable . Worth the money and the hearty growl of the engine is excellent .
 I was fouling plugs on a John Deere 3020 and with the help of the hotter spark from this coil I 've eliminated the problem .
 This thing sparks good and is a perfect match for the Pertronix points delete I did on my Farmall 200 .
 Tractors spend a lot of time out in the weather and elements , but when you need it you do n't want to spend a lot of time tuning up the ignition just to get it started and running correctly . This product and the Electronic Ignition components were just the the right solution ! I only wish that I had purchased this earlier so that I could have started enjoying my antique Oliver 550 tractor earlier .
 Buen producto da un mejor rendimiento al motor , lo recomiendo para mejorar el encendido y dar un poco mas de potencia
 Bought this for my Massey Ferguson tractor to go with the electronic ignition . No more points to burn out or to set with this new ignition .
 Received this item very quickly - item is exactly as described . Would buy from this seller again
 I never imagined that this job would have been this easy . Ca n't believe I waited so long to repair my door windows.The regulators installed very easily and work great!Thanks &#34; Dorman &#34; .
 My husband put these mats in my car and was amazed how they fit ... just like they were hand made for the car . They fit great !
 I ordered these for the wheels on a used Ford Expedition that we recently bought . I was very pleased with their appearance and they seem to be well-made and durable . The key is durable and duplicates are available from Gorilla . Very pleased with this set and the peace of mind they give .
 Sunday morning at 3:30 am , someone tried to &#34; Jack &#34; my wheels . He removed two lug nuts , the third was my Gorilla Lock . He walked away empty handed . All this was captured by my video surveillance system . Rims and Tires $ 3500.00 . Gorilla Locks under $ 20.00 . You do the math !
 Good product . Looks better than the one I bought from the dealer and a lot cheaper . The key looks heavy duty . and the shipping was fast .
 This thing has taken a lickin ' and it definitely keeps on tickin ' . I 've had easily it 's recommended load on it numerous times and it 's fine . Still threads just as smooth as the day it was new . And a 9/16 wrench fits the square part of the shaft for turning it . Sometimes that is easier than the little bar .
 I use this winch to raise and lower implements on the back of a tractor . it works great and has quite a bit of power . My first winch failed after three months and was quickly replaced by Warn .
 This updated version of the 1700 is a top quality , compact , full feature winch . Hard to believe all of this value for the price . Thanks Warn!Highly recommend this model for the rated loads .
 This warn winch is a great prouduct . It is a super value for what you pay . I purchased this winch when i saw how well my friends warn winch worked . I would definitly recommend this winch .
 This stuff works fantastic on my cars , and it does n't strip off any of your wax like Zip Wax by Turtle Wax.Absolutely Fantastic !
 Okay , so enough on the `` shampoo and conditioner '' bit.It 's the best car wash formula I 've found , especially for the price . 1 gallon will go a long way depending how much you wash you car , and how diluted your mix is . I have a couple different foaming wands and pressure washers and it suds up very well in all of them . It does a good job of getting caked on mud and bird droppings off , and rinses clean . Does not strip off most wax jobs.Meguiars always has quality products that are one of the few things I 'll trust to `` touch '' my baby -LRB- Evo X -RRB- .
 For the price , you ca n't go wrong with this car wash . It 's cheap , works very well and you get a ton of it ! I 've had mine for about 6 months so far and have over half left and I wash my truck and my wife 's car once a week . Does n't strip wax which is a major plus . Removes bugs and bird poop easily . Overall , great stuff !
 Meguiars Gold Class car wash is by far the best soap I have used . I have tried many carwash soaps like Turtle Wax Zipwax , P21s Bodywork Conditioning Shampoo , Chemical Guys Maxi Suds , and list goes on ... nothing compares to the Meguiars Gold Class in terms of value . The one thing that sets it apart is the lubricity ... from start to finish the the soap maintains its lubricity which one of the most important things about car wash soaps . Suds are decent too , but again suds are not as important as lubricity . It also has conditioners for the paint that I can actually see when I 'm washing my black car , and gives it that deep black wet look unlike any other soaps that I 've used can do . P21s is on the same scale but I ca n't justify spending that amount on a car wash soap which is n't noticeably better than the Meguiars . They stopped selling it in my local automotive store in BC , so my last trip down to target in WA I bought 3 jugs of it , and they were 8.99 which might have been a sale . I would have spent $ 15 a jug no problem . BUY this soap and use a nice sheepskin mitt and you wont be disappointed !
 Gets dirt and crud off.Works with a mitt.Works with a foam gun.Works on wheels.Can be used to wash the outer layer of a wax or sealant without stripping if you 're quick and gentle.Will take wax or sealant off if you slather it on and work it.Smells good without being overpowering or noxious.Doesn ' t hurt my hands.Doesn ' t stain my driveway -LRB- though the brake dust it takes off the wheels can do . -RRB- Little goes a long way.Basically , it does everything right ; only brand I 've found that does . I 'll probably continue to use it . Do n't store the bottle on its side ; the cap is n't designed for that , will leak , will make a big mess .
 This is easily the best car wash solution I have ever used . The product creates lots of foam and does a great job of removing dirt and road grit . The soap also rinses off easily and does n't strip off paint sealant or wax .
 I have used this product for at least 7 years now and am still thrilled with its performance . You have to use a large quantitiy of the product to get great suds , but once you do , you will never use another car wash formula .
 I like this brand because it suds well and it works well on my cars . Soap is soap but Meguiar 's has a good line so i use their products on my cars .
 Cant beat Meguiar ` sI was asked to wash a 76 corvette , that had cat remains and hair balls was on or is on the paint . Rinsed the car off with a presser washer , then used the two bucket wash system with this soap . Everything just fell off the car , when washing with this stuff . After I wash done washing , the car shined , even though it had n't been waxed for years.I use this on my daily driver every week . I used some armor-all wash and wax -LRB- not the best stuff out there but its all I had at the time -RRB- about 4 months ago , and with using this , it looks like it was just waxed .
 Well worth the money , buy a couple and get free shipping you just cant beat Meguiar 's quality .
 i love this stuff it leaves a beautiful shine on my car and its cheaper than advanced auto parts . here you get double the amount for the same price
 I purchased these bearings for the differential in a 2002 New Beetle Turbo S with a 6 speed transmission ; Timken quality was there . While other brands I purchased like SKF are making their bearings in Mexico , India ; Timken 's country of origin -LRB- COO -RRB- is still in Canada -LRB- race -RRB- and France -LRB- cone -RRB- . Bearings were new and the items were packaged well ; the price I found here was half the price from Autozone . Ca n't go wrong with Timken quality and the price was right .
 Being a maintenance buff for our families 4 vehicles , I find Amazon a convenient and very cost-effective source for my Fram Automotive products . Besides being priced at competitive prices with leading retail outlets , delivery to my home is the icing on the cake for me . I prefer the ToughGuard line of products , although regular oil & air & filter changes with any brand is the key to good auto health .
 I wo n't get into the argument that begins something like
 I bought this lock for my wife 's new Volvo R-Design V70 wagon . It 's too small to fit the R-Design steering wheel ; so I 'm using it in my Miata . The parking lot at work is monitored ; so I 'm saving the extra security plate for times when I 'm parking long term with less security . I like the way this design , when installed properly , would make cutting sections of the steering wheel a big waste of time . With the extra plate across the airbag , evil doers whould probably look for another car to mess with .
 Even though I have a great alarm on my '90 BMW 535i , more is better . All of the other steering wheel immobilizers have youtube videos of jr high kids picking their locks in seconds . No one seems to have an answer for Viper 's product.Fits nicely snug and protects the airbag . Easy to put on and is no problem to remove - with the key . It could be better only if it had a flashing led on the handle for + + visibility .
 I have a new Toyota Tacoma and was looking for a lock other than the Club , which can be cut off your steering wheel with a hacksaw , This can not be removed from your steering wheel with a hacksaw , it is easy to put on and off , offers great protection on your car , better than the brake pedal locks also which didnt fit my truck . This can be used with or without the airbag plate , I only use the airbag plate for parking overnight . I am very happy with this Viper lock
 I own a 97 Honda Civic DX and it fits perfectly . I had my airbags stolen and did not want it to happen again . This lock is VERY Secure and protects the driver 's side airbag . I feel it is a huge deterent against this crime . I also had an alarm installed and I feel very safe .
 It 's solid and heavy as a rock ... yet to see the purpose of this item defeated.Working great so far . It 's just a bit heavy to handle at times .
 Before I purchased , I checked the part number on the manufacturer website . This was intended for my car - 2004 Honda Accord LX . It is Front Sensor that goes before Catalyst . Sensor fitted perfectly and the `` Check Engine '' light is gone ! The price was awesome only $ 88.64 USD ! In Canada it would cost me $ 270 CAD . Thanks StockWiseAuto for good transaction !
 I bought this oxygen sensor -LRB- sometime referred as the AFR - Air/Fuel Ratio - Sensor -RRB- to replace the front sensor of my Honda Accord 2005 which was indicated by my OBD Scanner . After installing this device , I cleared the trouble code and it kept returning back just as some users have complained . But I soon learnt that the ECU will clear the fault on its own after some number of trouble-free drive sessions . So I let the sensor be and drove my car throughout the next day -LRB- about four separate trips -RRB- . At the end of the day , I scanned the car again and -LRB- alas ! -RRB- the fault code has been reset by the ECU.It is such a perfect replacement part for the Honda Accord 2005 and the merchant had such a wonderful service , timing and packaging . I will gladly recommend it to others .
 This item was a drop in replacement for the factory sensor on my '05 Accord . Length and connectors were identical to the OEM and installation was a breeze .
 This Chevy bowtie billet hitch cover was of exceptional quality and detail from TM Performance Products . I would highly recommend this manufacturer .
 I bought this for my 96 Chevy.It fit perfectly into my 2 &#34; receiver . I just used some cardboard to shim it tight . No rattles . Looks great .
 I love my intake system , works great . Problem was when it arrived it had the entirely wrong filter for the intake . I had to go to Autozone and buy the right one for $ 50 . Luckily i called K&N and they told me to send back the wrong filter with the reciept for the new one so they could mail me a check for the whole price of the new filter .
 To anyone who is even remotely considering adding an Air Intake to their car/truck , this is the one you want . I put it on my 2004 Toyota Tacoma 2.4 Liter and it made a HUGE difference . Added Torque , HP and increased my MPG . Absolutely love it and would definitely recommend it . - Dan G
 installation was pretty straight forward . took about an hour and a half as i was in no rush and had never installed one before . noticable gains immediatly . i will never again own a vehicle without putting a cold air intake on it . thanks amazon and k & n !!!!!! get you one !!!!!!
 This is more of a review of the menu used to choose the item then the item . I gave the item 4-stars since it arrived well packed and looked to be an excellent product . My review is more of the Amazon menu for picking the correct item . I put my automotive info as request in the ordering process and a model number came back to me indicating the correct one for my vehicle . Well , it WAS NOT the correct model . I got it and looked at the instruction sheet and it did not appear to be the correct one even tho I had already removed the old air filtration system . I called K & N and they gave me the correct part number . I then took both the part numbers of the item received as well as the one given to me by K & N and ran them through the Amazon menu . They both came back as correct for my vehicle application . WHOOOOPS !!! I am sending the first and incorrect one back and have ordered the correct one based on the verified number -LRB- twice -RRB- given to me by the manufacturer . Still , the RETURN POLICY for Amazon is EXCELLENT and I will continue to buy from them ... BUT they need to fix the automotive menu for selecting the correct air induction system on the online site . IT is a waste of time and money to return an incorrect item and reorder the correct one . I will review the re-ordered item when I get it installed after I receive it .
 We use these on our racing Ford Festiva to convert wheels from bolts to studs . With this length , you can afford a spacer or two and still have enough thread to race safely : -RRB-
 i made my own bearing buddies for my 21 ft boat trailer with these fittings . worked just fine and havent had a problem with them since .
 This is one of the best universial by pass . It was simple to install
 Its a good item but , inserting the key transponder in to the unit is kind of frustrating . The transponder reciving antenas are very annoying . . If the car shocked suddenly when driving . . the unit will not work untill relocate the the transponder.However , this is what I did . I placed a tape that stick both sides on the transponder reciving wires , and stick the key in the right place to the circuit bord and cloced the top cover . . so then the sticky tape that sticked on the transponder reciver wires will stick to the top cover ... Then it will not move due to shocks . Now the unit works allmost all the times .
 so far so good with this helmet it fits better than other helmet that i have own , love the color it matches my honda gold wing . the gold wing has a big and wide windshield , but if you use this helmet with a bike with a lower windshield or with no windshield you will need goggles because even with glasses you are going to have a hard time seeing .
 I have owned many over a lifetime of riding . After several years of use , I replace them because no matter how good they are , lining , padding , structural integrity become suspect . Two truths about helmets
 This is a great open face helmet . I have purchased Shoei in the past and they run true to size every time . Additionally , the shipping time was super ! Very pleased with this purchase .
 It is hard to find a quality open face helmet any more . I do n't like full face helmets and at 62 years of age I 'm not going to switch . My old open face helmet from 1975 was falling apart . I tried several lesser priced helmets but they did n't fit right and were small and cheap . This is a great fitting very high quality helmet that I 'll use mostly for snowmobiling and some for motorcycle street riding . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 I bought this to replace an aging RJ Platinum Air that I wore so much the foam liner started deteriorating . This helmet is a newer version of that helmet and it has its plusses and minuses . The plus is it is much lighter and sits a little higher on your head . I 've not noticed any ventilation issues so I guess that 's a good thing . The minus is the cheek pieces come `` out '' further and initially they bugged me but I guess now I 'm getting used to them . I liked the strap stay on the old version better since this one has one of the little plastic snaps . Overall a great helmet but I wish Shoei would have stuck to their old shell shape .
 I just finished installing the Ready Remote Deluxe Car Starter . I was very impressed with the product . Design Tech Int ` l , the maker of this product , did an excellent job of providing detailed installation instructions . They also have a very helpful resource section available on their website . If you are interested in a remote car starter I would definitely recommend this one . The installation however should not be attempted by the faint of heart . I spent the better part of a weekend installing this product . One should have some basic wiring skills in order to install this product . Care must also be used to avoid damaging your car 's electrical system if you improperly install some part of the system . Be very careful not to set off your vehicle 's airbag ! You must also be aware that you will probably need to purchase the Universal Alarm Bypass Module if you have a newer vehicle . This is necessary to bypass your car 's anti-theft system -LRB- this prevents thieves from hot wiring your car -RRB- . It is unlikely that your remote car starter will work without the bypass module so I recommend you pick one up at the same time you purchase your remote starter . If you decide to purchase this product just be sure to take your time in reading through the installation manual before starting your install . For those who do not feel they are very technically inclined I would recommend you have a professional install this product for you .
 I originally purchased this product about 2 years ago , and installed two of them on my wife &#146; s and my own vehicles . I have since installed 3 others for misc friends and family . They all have worked great . The two original starters worked as great the day I sold them as they did when they were first installed . I have since traded in our older cars and will be adding 2 new starters this week &#133; . I don &#146; t know how I could be more satisfied . The starters were also fully adjustable . As my older cars aged , and became more difficult to start , a few tweeks and I was right back in business &#133; . Thanks Target and Design-tech for making such a quality and cost effective product &#133;
 My wife and I took a 13 day trip out east on our motorcycle this summer and we could n't be happier with our Nelson-Rigg King 950 Tour Pack . The bag is very versitile and holds a lot of gear . The roll pack that mounts to the top of the bag is great for holding rain gear , bike cover , rain covers , etc. . The bags hold thier shape even when empty and they look great on the bike . We got a lot of compliments about the bag on our trip from other riders and they were stunned when we told them how little we paid for it . We packed this tour pack full and hit the road and we can report that it worked fantastically and is well worth the money . The rain covers will keep the bag dry and its contents safe from the weather . We rode in rain so hard you could n't see the road in front of us and our clothes , laptop , papers , etc. where dry as could be when we uncovered the bad . The backrest mounting system is as good as I have ever seen in more than 35 years of riding and touring . If you are looking for a great travel bag for your bike at a competative price this is the bag for you .
 We recently purchased the deluxe tour pak after mulling over the possibility of spending over $ 1,700 for a Harley King Tour Pak . We want you to know that we have been extremely happy with our decision to go with the Riggs-Pak Deluxe Tourer . We just completed a 2,135 mile road trip thru the eastern US and our Tourer was there every mile of the way . Every single compartment on the bag was well-thought out and extremely convenient . We were able to quickly strap the bag to our bike in a matter of minutes . The bag stayed in place and never moved over the course of our entire trip . The carrying straps were very handy . The office organizer was easily accessible and perfect for holding our maps and atlas.Something that we did not think about while we were looking for a bag - the best part of the bag was that we were able to carry it into our room each night just like a suitcase - something that is impossible with the Harley Tour Pak . The rainproof cover was watertight and very easy to slip over the bag.I belong to a riding club with over 130 members in Cleveland , Ohio and they all know how satisfied we have been with this product !!
 I 've had a few different bags in the past . None of them come close to this bag ! You can use either of the bags together or independently . The large velcro straps hold tight and there is a nice zip on flap so the wife does n't get uncomfortable .
 tried in a weber mercruiser 5.7 lx 4bbl in place of oem `` 3step '' rods to test enrichen a bit , didnt seem to change performance or fuel flow much surprisingly , put original 3 step rods back in , may try these again when e15 crap fuel starts to haunt us.these had more of a pin tip leaving a bigger orfice at low vaccum - popup piston up settings tha the squared off mercruieser oem.data wont exactly match edelbrock 1409 charts because of likely differences in popup springs and primary jets in weber .
 Used these on new German & Italian brake drums for a 1973 VW Thing ; replacing crappy/dangerous spacers/adapters & original 1955 Ford Thunderbird wire wheels the previous owner had installed . They fit/worked , and still work well although I did use a die to add a few more threads to the rear studs to take advantage of the Thing specific rear drums which have a very thick mounting face ; and used red LokTite rear & blue front , although not called for/required . These were used with VW aftermarket steel rims and hubcaps which require the &#34; ball seat &#34; nuts NOT the 60 degree taper . -LRB- I add this as a tip , as I have seen many incorrect usages -RRB- .
 Installed on an early watercooled Volkswagen . This is a very well made product , threads are well formed and clean . Installs using an odd-sized allen wrench -LRB- 5.5 mm -RRB- and use blue Locktite to prevent them from backing out of the wheel hub.Sadly , they are not as `` long '' as I would have hoped -LRB- not a product fault , but for anyone considering the same VW modification -RRB- . I had intended on using them with 8-10mm wheel spacers behind my OE 14 '' Aluminum wheels . Installed and lugged using Honda OEM open ended lugs , there is only enough thread for approx a 5-6mm wheel spacer . Anyone intending on using a wheel spacer above 5-6mm , I would recommend going with the 77737XL wheel studs , they are 1/2 '' longer .
 Before installing my wheel studs changing my wheel was such a hassle my car may not have gotten all the maintenance it needed . Now taking my wheel off is a breeze so it does . Great product .
 This Chevy bowtie billet hitch cover was of exceptional quality and detail from TM Performance Products . I would highly recommend this manufacturer .
 I bought this for my 96 Chevy.It fit perfectly into my 2 &#34; receiver . I just used some cardboard to shim it tight . No rattles . Looks great .
 So far so good . Installed over the weekend and it was a pretty painless job . I have heard many people say only go with factory parts when it comes to fuel pumps , but I decided to gamble on this unit . This unit is made in the USA so I feel better about its quality compared to some chinese made pumps . Everything fit nicely , just dropped it in and it works as it is supposed to . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is it does n't match up with the factory GM wiring harness . It comes with its own wiring harness that you have to splice in ... not much more work , but I felt it was an unnecessary effort . I will update this thread if any problems develop with the pump .
 Nothing but the best to say about Tanabe products.This muffler is my 2nd product from Tanabe and they produce only the BEST quality.Perfect fit and easy install.The look and feel of a perfectly designed and well executed product.I will buy anything else they make for my Lexus ... Now I am off to drive and enjoy it ; -RRB-
 This item was even better than I expected and was received sonner than I expected .
 Looks good and feels good . I did have a hot spot which I adjusted by pressing in the liner with my thumb to customize the fit . With this minor adjustment I have a perfect fit .
 This is a great product for the money if a half helmet will do the job for you . Light weight , comfortable , and easy enough to take on/off . Chin strap could be a bit longer and include a retainer at the end but that 's a minor inconvenience .
 Great fit and in perfect condition . Great price for this helmet . Be sure to follow the fitting instructions before you order for that perfect fit .
 Great product ! Helmet was exactly as described , fit perfectly . Shipping was super fast , arrived a day before it was expected . Not too much heavier or larger than my novelty which is a HUGE plus . Most people do n't even realize it is a DOT . Plan to order 3 more for the rest of the family in the near future .
 Edelbrock tech support rocks by the way . I called them and gave them my engine combo -LRB- mopar 318 , stock cam & heads , 1406 edelbrock , 318/360 performer manifold , headers , automatic -RRB- and they told me to install these rods and move the pump shot to the richest hole . I did that and the motor runs awesome with no stumbles or hickups anywhere in the rev range . How could I go wrong ?
 This product covers our Dodge Ram truck dashboard perfectly ! Color matches the interior too . Thin and lightweight , it 's easy to clean and remove if needed . Excellent , inexpensive solution for an ugly , cracked dashboard .
 Replacet the pads in my 2001 Celica GTS , perfect fit can not think of any cons . Direct fit replacement , arrived as described and on time .
 Great Fit , and color match for my 2006 Dodge Dakota . Amazon has done it again , great job . I looked at these same mats on a car truck site for more money . Amazon had the very same mats for about 30 bucks cheaper and free shipping .
 Brand name productNew , good conditionShipped promptly , packed wellBest price around by far.Very satisfied .
 The stuff works very well but more importantly is staying where I put it . I did a lot of work making sure the intake system I wrapped this with was very clean before installing this tape . Even so I was very worried the adhesive would deteriorate with time and the tape would come off . So far the tape has remained exactly where I stuck it .
 This Chevy bowtie billet hitch cover was of exceptional quality and detail from TM Performance Products . I would highly recommend this manufacturer .
 I bought this for my 96 Chevy.It fit perfectly into my 2 &#34; receiver . I just used some cardboard to shim it tight . No rattles . Looks great .
 When I realized that my son 's pending move to Savannah to begin his sophmore year in college meant I needed to pull a tandem axle enclosed trailer , I needed to equip my Durango with a breaking system . After borrowing the controller , I had to order and install the wiring harness within 3 days . Thankfully , the seller came through . The Tekonsha wiring harness was clearly marked with easy to follow instructions . I spent 15 minutes installing it , most of that time trying to see where I plugged the darn thing under my dash as it was dark outside and raining . But it worked as billed .
 I have had this on my truck for some time and love it . It keeps the water away from the filter . Thus not having to change the filter as often . Great value , great product .
 Pretty nice jacket . It 's a thicker leather with lining on the inside and removable soft pads . It 's heavy and you 'd think that it 's really warm , but after wearing it for a few hours I did n't break a sweat . But like I said its a heavy jacket and needs some breaking in.I 'm a 46 but got a 48 just to be careful and it 's big . Not extremely big , but I would have definitely been fine with a 46 . The armor pads need adjusted a bit and they tend to shift around , but they 're removable so it 's expected.It 's not bad looking either . Not what I hoped it would look like so I was a bit disappointed but I 'm not really concerned with looks more then protection .
 It 's a little odd at first . But once you 're use to it , it saves a lot of time .
 The shipping was swift and the dashmat fit my car perfectly , it was a very good experience .
 Got it for my friend for his birthday He loves it . Great quality and great price
 This is a duel set of detailed wiring schematics , and troubleshooting manual for the 1987 and 1988 jeep yj . Pages are clear however these are scanned copies of the original manual and not a re-print , some of the pages are cut off at the top where the title of the schematic is , making it more difficult to make out . This manual comes as an unbound set of 17in x 11in sheets so make sure you have a binder ready to for it .
 I would have paid a bit more for an AFE-Pro dry filter . I did n't do enough homework before ordering the K&N . Because the K&N is an oiled filter , there 's chances that over oiling can fould up the mass air sensor . A dry filter would not have such an issue . The K&N works fine after 6 months now , my gas milage has improved 5 % and acceleration is smoother especially at low gear and RPM . If I ever drive in dusty conditions , then I 'd have to check the filter , clean and oil more often . Since this is a lifetime filter , I 'll stick with it for a few years .
 Install it in your car and immediately feel the improvement . K&N Filters let your engine breathe more air , making more HPs . Also help you to save a lot of money in OEM Filters that produce less performance . Definitely is the easiest and best way to improve your car 's performance . Also you can feel an improvment in your mpg . This filter will last for the life of your car .
 I bought this filter about a year ago for my Honda Silverwing . As anyone who 's owned one of these bikes knows , the air filter is not in an easily accessible area and it 's a pain in the butt to get to . Not to mention that the cost of replacing the stock paper filters can get quite expensive ! So far I 've been pleased with it and have n't had any problems . I did remove it after about 10,000 miles to check it and it was n't all that dirty . No evidence of dirt or dust getting past the filter into the engine . Cleaning and reoiling is a little messy but simple enough to do . Now I 've gotten one for my Toyota Rav4 too !
 I love the fact that I do n't ever have to change my air filter out as long as I have the car ! I live in Arizona so I will probably have to clean it more often that suggested but it works good and have no problems so far . great product - only wish I would have bought it sooner !
 Excellent 5 + Everything you can expect from a filter.I bout 2 of them . One for Rav 4 and one for Chevy AstroAnd now I can drive 4 miles more per gallon.Great product .100 % recommend .
 if you want a smoother running 2005 rav4 this wonderful product will give it to you - it cost more but worth it
 There 's not much to say other than it 's a K&N Filter and it will last a very long time . Just be sure to follow the instructions in terms of cleaning and oiling the filter properly .
 This is my second K&N ; Air Filter I have purchased . First off , Rav4 filters are not always available at local stores so having a lifetime filter is an advantage over not being sure of availability and not having to purchased a future filter from a dealer . The filter DOES have to be cleaned and re-oiled when it gets dirty , but I would rather spend a little more time and save money over the cost of a paper/dry replacement filter . I also like verifying the filter is installed/seated correctly since I have had problems in the past with hurried maintenace people `` pinching '' the filter in the filter box.My first filter was installed in a Honda Accord w/V -6 and I actually get 4 miles more per gallon -LRB- highway -RRB- with the K&N. ; I 'm not sure about the MPG with the 4-cyl Toyota RAV4 but I 'm hoping for simular results . Either way it is a cost savings over the purchase of numerous future paper filters.If you keep your cars for a while I recomend trying one .
 Looks good and feels good . I did have a hot spot which I adjusted by pressing in the liner with my thumb to customize the fit . With this minor adjustment I have a perfect fit .
 This is a great product for the money if a half helmet will do the job for you . Light weight , comfortable , and easy enough to take on/off . Chin strap could be a bit longer and include a retainer at the end but that 's a minor inconvenience .
 Great fit and in perfect condition . Great price for this helmet . Be sure to follow the fitting instructions before you order for that perfect fit .
 Great product ! Helmet was exactly as described , fit perfectly . Shipping was super fast , arrived a day before it was expected . Not too much heavier or larger than my novelty which is a HUGE plus . Most people do n't even realize it is a DOT . Plan to order 3 more for the rest of the family in the near future .
 Wife and I like pink flamingos , and this plate caught our attention . We ordered one with our names in yellow , to use in our trailer window when we camp . With minimal instructions , they got it perfect and it looks great . Received order in just a few days .
 Just what I ordered and I received it so quickly ! I will order from them again !
 The motley tube is stretchy and keeps me satisfied and smiling . I could go all day long inside of it , since it is so very warm .
 I really like the Motley Tube . If you 're looking for real cold weather riding gear , use common sense and get something heavier -LRB- a Schampa neck gaiter , for instance -RRB- but in cool to hot conditions this thing is great . It prevents chaffing from jacket collars . It will prevent some air flow around the jacket collar . You can soak it in water -LRB- wring it out -RRB- and wear it around the neck for cooling . It also , for me , prevents my dirty helmet from soiling my shirt collar when I 'm riding to work . It is very soft and comfortable.Though you can certainly use this as a great layer in cold weather , it is NOT a heavy garmet that `` stands alone '' in cold weather and should not be purchased for that purpose . For cool to hot conditions , looks and versatility the Motley Tube works very well .
 Got this for my daughter to run in cold weather . Worked well . Would recommend anyone who works out in cold weather
 I bought this mainly to break the wind on my neck on cold rides and it does that . It 's a bit thinner than I realized or expected , but I doubled it on itself and it did just fine stopping 30 degree wind at 50 + mph .
 I use it as a beanie when running and it is great for absorbing the sweat and still keeping my ears warm - used it when weather is 30 to 40 degrees Fahrenheit . I hand wash it and air dry it and it is dry within an hour . Has retained its shape . bottom line it is a great product .
 Great item . Other reviews have mentioned that it is of thin material and they are not incorrect . There is no ` Hem ' on the edges , that would have been a nice touch but I do n't see it coming apart any time soon . I use it as a face mask on my motorcycle to stop bugs , grit and dirt . It 's about 88f today and perfect for ventilation and cooling when riding . I probably wo n't use it in the cooler temps though . For the price ... nice !
 This are great for the price . Good for cold weather and commuting . The size is great , not to tight , but snug enough to stay warm . It does not block all the wind , but really depends on what style helmet you wear . I have a full face , so its great . Only struggle is that the full face tends to push it down when putting on your helmet .
 Dear friends : I 'm a retired auto mechanic business owner of 30 years , got to retire at 55 , now 60 . My former business partner Fong a wonderful Asian fellow with a great family and as honest as they come , otherwise I 'd never have had him work for me at first , and then move the shop to Northbeach and I spent my last eight years working there together.I have been buying Airtex pumps for all of those 30 years , both mechanical and in this case electric.I plan to make the 200,000 hundred-thousand mile club with my 1989 Dodge Caravan LE with V-6 model with 3.0 AC P/S P/B and Power locks and windows and seat.I have 187,000 now so in another year or two I 'll be posting on AllPar website -LSB- ... -RSB- to be a member of that club . I have NEVER had any of this companies pumps fail , ever ! Now that shows that they still upgrade and perform frequent quality control tests and design improved pumps , this one is totally quiet and smooth and holds a steady proper pressure.The old pump was screaming in there , and it just got to be to noisey to feel comfortible driving so out it came , also always replace your fuel filter and be sure to check the fuel level sending unit is working good and check the resistance and visual appearence.I 'd say about 30 % of the time with the exception of some make and model vehicles you might need to change the sending unit.So have no fear or worry on the Airtex pumps , there still good , and in the 21st century where many things do n't work so great , its nice to know there still some things that do.Happy Motoring.Paul GrahamSan Francisco
 And was much cheaper than the high street stores . Arrived on time too and it was the OEM Denso part .
 I did a great deal of research to find which A/F sensor was required for my 2002 Toyota Camry . The Denso product was identified as the best alternative to the OEM part and it was reasonably priced on Amazon.com . After replacing the old A/F , the warning light on the dash went out and so far has not come back on . This was a great relief to find that it worked as it would be a hassle to take it out and return it .
 With gas prices being what they are , I decided to go the last 12 months with just regular unleaded -LRB- 87 octane -RRB- in my car . I did n't really notice any problems ... until one day I noticed that I 'm not getting the kind of rapid acceleration I used to get , and that my engine idles louder than it used to . I also noticed my mileage was getting worse over the last year . In short , I was starting to see the signs of pre-combustion/detonation due to using low octane gas . I switched to premium and NOS Octane Booster for one month and I 'm already seeing more power -LRB- higher RPMs without pressing the pedal down as much -RRB- , a quieter engine idle , and slightly better gas mileage -LRB- based on my car 's built-in mpg estimator.This is a great street-legal octane booster .
 The NOS street octane booster not only increases the octane but also cleans out the fuel system . I noticed improved excelleration and a smoother idle . I have tried other brands in the past but NOS is by far the best . I own a 2000 Ford Mustang GT with a ProCharger supercharger and with only 91 octane rating gas available the NOS booster gives me piece of mind re
 Easy to set up , easy to use . Great Air Lift product . But not as seen in pictures . The pump is different and so is the gauge . I understand from the mfg that the pump I received is better . So I 'm happy . Kit works great with standard air shocks .
 I purchased this kit to use on my 95 Extended cab F-250 in conjunction with my air shocks to help haul my slide in camper and it was worth every penny . I love having the on board compressor and the gauge makes it easy to monitor the air pressure . When I used to have air shocks , I would forget about them and they would slowly leak out over time and it ended up ruining my air shocks . With this unit , you get a control panel with gauge -LRB- that has a light in it -RRB- mounted on the dash board -LRB- or anywhere you want to place it -RRB- that lets you see how much air pressure you have in the shocks . It made a big difference in the ammount of weight that I could carry without the truck squating . The only feature that I would like to see -LRB- and I can add this myself down the road -RRB- is the ability to valve off the air shocks and use the compressor to air up tires . Either that or use it to air up an onboard air tank . It could also use a larger compressor because with the time it takes a bit to bring the shocks up , it would probably take a little while to air up a full size tire . In the end , I think it is a great product that is well worth the money .
 I had one before and it broke after years of use , in fact I would n't have it if it was n't already in the truck when I bought it . I like this feature so I can take home heavy objects and do n't have to pay for delivery . It was easy to in stall the motor , I did it myself and have n't had a problem with it .
 I teamed the Air-Lift 25804 Air Shock Controller Kit with a pair of Gabriel Hi-Jackerair shocks in a 2002 Nissan Frontier Pickup . The controller fit PERFECT in the XE modelbehind the rear jump-seats -LRB- which you need to remove by pulling 4 12mm bolts and removing the seat.The location suits this pump perfectly - since the pump can be mounted vertically , it can simply be securedto the outer skin of the vehicle with RTV which allows for vibration to be dampened and obviously noscrews through the outer skin . Position in this vehicle is 2.5 inches from the rear with the air outlet to the right.Hose can be looped back and is totally out-of-sight and sound is dampened when in use.I would give it a 5 star rating but I was dissappointed the pump is only capable of 100PSI working pressure MAXnot 160 , however I generally run it around 60lbs . 1 Month later , there are ZERO leaks from the pump , fittings , or controlpanel which fits nicely in the front accessory tray . Over-all I would recommend and re-purchase this item in the future .
 I have this compressor and gauge on my 1980 plymouth volare . I keep a minimum of 20 psi at all times in the shocks to keep the air bladder from being ruined . it is nice , and easy to install . It is a lot better , you can adjust air pressure to loads without stopping at a gas station . you always know how much air is in the system . I like my air shocks and i highly recommend this for your vehicle !
 I purchased the Air Lift unit with a set of Monroe Max Air shocks as suggested by Amazon . My vehicle is a resto-mod 1956 Willys Wagon . I had purchased new leaf springs but they were a bit soft for what I needed . This air shock and compressor set up gives me the ability to stiffen up and raise the rear of my wagon when carrying heavy loads and lower and soften the shocks when I want a softer ride.The installation was pretty straight forward . I suggest that you have a pretty good level of experience to do this job . It is not really hard but you have to understand how to remove and install shock absorbers , wire circuts and install guages . When you are installing the air lines be sure to use a tube cutter or a razor blade to make very straight and clean cuts to avoid leaks.Once it is set up you can inflate and deflate the shocks from inside your car . Since they are air shocks and not the larger air bags they inflate quickly.Together these make a great kit that allows the user to have adjustable shock absorbers controlled from inside the vehicle .
 Very good product . This is the best invention . In the past I had to always use my portable compressor to fill the shocks .
 Easy to install can adjust comfort/height on the fly according to terraincould use a bit faster compressor .
 product was as describe easy to install works perfect except the light in the back of guage keeps falling out but that happens on all those general pupose guages outher than that i highly recommed it to anyone
 Excelente prroducto quede muy satisfecho muy recomendable lo traje directamente ala ciudad d Guadalajara jal M&eacute;xico Lo &uacute;til ise para un VW en un par de mortiguadores Monroe para un vocho modelo 80 es muy interesante este producto y travaja ala perfecci&oacute;n adem&aacute;s qe esta muy completo
 PURCHASED THIS KIT TO SUPPLY AIR TO AIR SHOCKS ON A PROJECT THAT IS STILL IN THE BUILD STAGE . LOOKS GOOD AND APPEARS TO BE COMPLETE .
 Like the other person said , its cheap looking . It does a job , but it wo n't last through any sort of blunt force , and it sticks out a bit from the hitch . I was hoping it would be flush , but instead it sticks out another 2 '' from the hitch opening.Getting four stars because it was n't expensive and did n't promise much .
 Good product fits well and was half the price of similiar items here in Australia finishes the look of the rear of any car
 We wanted a tube cover to which we could add our own printed lable . Turned out very well . And you ca n't beat the price .
 Product was just how i wanted it . Very quick delivery and very easy buy ! THANKS ! ... I would definitely recommend them !
 Found this vendor to very customer orientated . Product ordered Sunday PM , Shipped Mon AM and in my hands by Wed afternoon . Good place to shop
 Bought this product for my 1995 Mustang , that came without the original wheel locks . Product look good with great finish !
 These worked out great and are very durable . The key fits snug and makes it easy when your using it .
 I would like to thank you all for the oustanding service which you have given me . You insured me that I would get my product and I did . So once again thank you very much .
 I ordered these plastics for my boyfriend 's KX250 that he rebuilt . It was a basket case when he got it and now , thanks to great products like these , it 's absolutely beautiful ! I believe these plastics are made in the USA and they are very sturdy . He puts a hurtin ' on his dirtbike and they just clean right up . These plastics are a great price and a great product
 I used this as a supercharger belt and it works quite well so far . I am glad this belt was made , otherwise I would be paying an arm and a leg for a belt from Paxton Auto ! Great save from Prestone !
 some parts pop out and some mats block the vin number . overall good mat . the velcro strips that come along work well too .
 REAR ENDED SOMEONE ON THE FREEWAY AND ORDERED THEM ONE OFF AMAZON WITHIN THE HOUR . RAN INTO THEIR HITCH BECAUSE I WAS STARING AT IT , IT LOOKS GREAT . THEIRS WAS NOT FULLY RUINED , BUT DEFINITELY DAMAGED ENOUGH FOR ME TO BUY A NEW ONE . KEEP IN MIND IF YOU GET REAR ENDED YOU 'LL NEED A NEW ONE EVEN IF IT 'S A LITTLE TAP IN TRAFFIC . LEFT A GREAT LOGO OF MY FAVORITE TEAM ON MY FRONT BUMPER !!!
 Installed easily on my Tu250 and what a difference this makes in colder weather . It does n't cover the handle area though so I still get the brute of the wind on my hands .
 I mounted this on my Suzuki S40 Boulevard 2011 . It took a while to figure out how each mount would fit best -LRB- they 're very flexible for mounting options so getting the optimal setup takes some trial and error -RRB- . The windshield is a little shorter than I thought it would be , but it deflects the wind so that it 's hitting the top 1/3 of my full face helmet but I am 6 ' on a smaller bike . Much better than getting blasted in the face.The decal peels off very easily which made me happy . The only downside was that on my bike the black bars that hold up the windshield would run into my gauges when parking , so I had to dremel a bit of bar . I only had to take off about 1/8 '' but instead flushed it up with the mounts so it was closer to 2 '' off the end .
 Product was just how i wanted it . Very quick delivery and very easy buy ! THANKS ! ... I would definitely recommend them !
 This is a great product . I bought one after a friend said how much he liked his . My cycle seat is a little soft so the gel pad firms it up and makes the longer rides more comfy . I 've even thrown it in my car seat for longer trip
 Ordered this license plate a week ago and received it today -LRB- March 19 , 2012 -RRB- . It is not high quality , just a thin sheet of tin or aluminum . But , it works for its intended purpose and is a lot cheaper than some of the others out there . Besides , how quality does it need to be to just sit on your front bumper ? I 'll update my post after I give it a chance to experience the weather .
 This product is true to the discription . The quality of the plate exceeds the expectations given the price paid . Would purchase again .
 This dashmat fit our 2001 Honda Odyssey perfectly . It came with about a foot of velcro-like material to fasten the cover to our dashboard , but we only needed a couple of inch 's worth to hold it in place .
 This dashmat fit our 2001 Honda Odyssey perfectly . It came with about a foot of velcro-like material to fasten the cover to our dashboard , but we only needed a couple of inch 's worth to hold it in place .
 High quality Timken bearing set . Made in USA . Highly recommended and reliable American made bearings.Quality you can count on , unlike the cheap foreign bearings .
 I bike a lot at night and thought this would be a good idea to tape on my handle bars , fenders and down tube.When I opened it , I was quite underwhelmed . It did not seem very reflective at all compare to other stuff I see on the steet at night.I stood it up on top of a shelf in the basement at night and turned the lights off and shined my very bright bicycle light it from every angle and did not notice much of any difference between the tape and the stuff on the shelf or the shelf itself.However , when I stuck it on the wall on one end of the basement with a floor lamp at the other end and then I could clearly see it reflecting . It makes sense that it will be more reflective than the surrounding materials the farther it is away.I will keep it and use it as I doubt my ability to find anything better . I am so well lit with active lighting it probably makes no difference anyway.The picture is wrong by the way . You get 8 , 18 '' strips which are 2 '' wide . It is model # 465K . It says it meets all D.O.T. standards and is rated at over 600 candlepower per sq ft. `` Not to replace legally required reflectors `` I do not know exactly how it compares , however this may be a better reflecting alternativeReflexite REF-DB Retroreflective Daybright Tape
 Great product put in 1969 ford p.u. arrived on time and instructions very clear big difference in trucks ease in shifting husband very happy price was good to
 Good product , easy install , no problems , just what I needed . They went on in about an hour , but of course I have my own shop , but the only tools I needed were a pice of chalk , a center punch a drill/drill bits and a few wrenches and wala I as done .
 Easy install - quality parts - good instructionsI only wish you could adjust the firmness without altering the height when the bags have a higher psi ...
 Great price , product , and great delivery time . I measured my head and per the sizing chart , it is a bit snug , but it 's not too tight .
 This is a great little entry level helmet . It has a quality finish , trimmed out with a fashionable , well secured visor . This inside is well padded and appears to be very well constructed . The strap is durable and comes with the timeless double loop fastening system . The only thing this helmet lacks that I would have preferred is the snap to secure the excess strap back up to the side of the latch . This feature has become pretty common on most helmets to help keep the strap from flapping around against your neck or cheek and this helmet does not include it . I still give the helmet an easy 4 star rating , great quality and you ca n't beat the price .
 This helmet is at unbeatable price . But , some State-run Motorcycle Safety Courses require a 3/4 helmet at minimum , and this is only half . Privately sponsored MSF courses allow this helmet . Also , the XL size is little too small for my head . I got one from a store 's discount rack , also XL and it fits perfectly .
 I purchased this kit for my 91 jeep cherokee , it lifted the rear about 3 inches and when I tow my utility trailer it has minimal sag . rides good and looks good . very impressed with this product .
 I had purchased some new rims for my 2001 Jeep Cherokee because the originals had rusted badly . New aluminum rims made the tires set out about 1 '' further than the originals and because of rear leaf spring squat , the tires rubbed on the inner fender when cornering or going over bumps . Bought the Air Springs and 3 hours later , with help of a couple of mechanic friends , they were installed . They lift the rear several inches and now my tires do n't rub . I have also noticed better cornering and better stability when I tow .
 I bought these for a birthday present for my dad . We are very happy with their quality . I look forward to buying more Putco products .
 Great price , product , and great delivery time . I measured my head and per the sizing chart , it is a bit snug , but it 's not too tight .
 This is a great little entry level helmet . It has a quality finish , trimmed out with a fashionable , well secured visor . This inside is well padded and appears to be very well constructed . The strap is durable and comes with the timeless double loop fastening system . The only thing this helmet lacks that I would have preferred is the snap to secure the excess strap back up to the side of the latch . This feature has become pretty common on most helmets to help keep the strap from flapping around against your neck or cheek and this helmet does not include it . I still give the helmet an easy 4 star rating , great quality and you ca n't beat the price .
 This helmet is at unbeatable price . But , some State-run Motorcycle Safety Courses require a 3/4 helmet at minimum , and this is only half . Privately sponsored MSF courses allow this helmet . Also , the XL size is little too small for my head . I got one from a store 's discount rack , also XL and it fits perfectly .
 Really like the styling and look of the pipes . They have a low bass tone at idle and when you roll on the throtle they sound great.They were packaged well and arrived in good condition .
 My tool box lifts had gotten tired so I ordered 2 of these as replacements ... WORKED PERFECT ! The company that made the originals wanted $ 40 each . . these were the right length and strength . I had bought lifts at the local parts store but they were too strong . . would have eventually broken my mounts .
 Product was just how i wanted it . Very quick delivery and very easy buy ! THANKS ! ... I would definitely recommend them !
 I 've had these mirrors on my bike for a few months now , and I could n't be much happier with them . The quality is pretty much perfect . They 're definitely a huge step up from some of the cheapo bar end mirrors you might see on the market , and well worth the extra money , in my opinion . The back of the mirror , the arms and the brackets are all nicely machined and finished.Installation was quick and fairly painless . I removed the bar end weights , trimmed a bit off of the throttle tube , and just squished my grips up a bit . I clamped them on just over halfway onto the exposed bars , and tightened the bar end weights down against them to help ensure they were secure.Not only are they nice looking and easy to install , but they also work very well . The mirrors themselves are large enough and slightly convex , giving you a very good picture of what 's behind you . I had been afraid that the convex shape would make things too small , but it 's so slight that it 's hardly noticeable . You 're simply able to see more than you would have been able to with a flat mirror . The quality of the glass is very good , as well , which also helps with image quality - no crummy , plastic mirrors here , and the glass is easily and cheaply -LRB- $ 12.50 on the CRG website , last time I checked -RRB- replaced via a single screw , if a break happens.Finally , the folding mechanism -LRB- what differentiates the LS from the regular CRG Hindsight mirrors -RRB- has worked perfectly . I had read a review on webBikeWorld that mentioned problems folding the mirrors once they were tightened down . Instead of folding , the adjustment part of the mechanism would move . I have n't any such problem with my mirrors . They 're securely mounted and adjusted , locking the ball mechanism in place and allowing the folding mechanism to move as designed . Perhaps the system has been improved since they reviewed them . I actually fold them in every day when I park , to minimize any potential damage that might occur if someone knocks my bike over -LRB- it 's been backed into twice ! -RRB- . When I fold them back out , they always maintain their adjustment . Of course , living in California and having to deal with traffic from time to time , I also fold them in to lane-split at times . With a simple flick , they 're out of the way , giving me a bit more room to move . Another quick flick , and they 're back where they should be.Oh , and one more thing - vibration . On my bike at least -LRB- first gen SV650 -RRB- , they 're rock solid . That may have as much to do with bar end weights as it does with the construction of the mirrors . Whatever the case , vibration is a non-issue . I 'd recommend keeping your bike 's weights on , if you can!I hope you found this helpful . If you have any questions , leave a comment , and I 'll reply as best I can . -LSB- Update , 12/4/2012 -RSB- - Two years out , and I still love these things . They 've even survived a couple of drops , without any glass breakage .
 Having tried multiple mirrors these really stand out as a quality alternative . Extremely well made and components are replaceable . IF you do damage it , you can replace just the necessary pieces and save $ . There are 3 models i considered , the 3 '' LS won for best field of view and the fold in design . the 3 '' non-LS would be my second choice . the smaller 2 '' would be if i did n't really use my mirrors , but wanted to avoid a ticket for not using any.Pros : They do n't buzz at all on my Buell 1125R . The slightly convex mirror gives you great blind spot coverage for close-to-you viewing.Fold in design is perfect for me . I can pull them in when i park in tight spots or to squeeze through my driveway cars to park in the garage.The Fold in retention on them is excellent . I 've only had mine fold in one time while riding , and only when GREATLY exceeding the speed limit . -LRB- do n't speed , stay in school , drugs are bad -RRB- . If you do need to replace you can buy individually , which are still less than the OEM mirrors would be.Cons : A bit spendy , but component replaceable mostly justifies in my mind.Even the 3 '' is a bit small when trying to spot a trooper on the on-ramp as you pass it.Most anything more than a few car lengths back is pretty small and hard to distinguish . -LRB- I wear glasses and maybe just need a new prescription , but imagine most people will have the same issue . -RRB-
 This is a really nice piece ... super quality , great looking , great view with minimal vibes . What else could you ask for . -LRB- Oh yeah ... the price is good too . -RRB- I picked the folding unit and am glad about that ... less likely to dink it in the garage .
 Great product , folks that know CRG know that they are well designed . I have seen other CRG mirrors fade from the sun after a while , but has n't personally happened to me yet . I remember shipping was a little delayed , but it was n't prime-eligible so I knew it was to be expected . Good price on Amazon for this product .
 I was Very Satisfied with this mirror . I went to the dealer and they told me that they would replace it for over $ 350 ! I found this one on line . Once I received it I installed it . So I saved about $ 300 ! What are those dealer thinking !!!
 It 's 100 % accurate to the original -LRB- perfect match to the other side -RRB- and functions perfectly . Was n't too bad to install either , though more work than I would have liked . Hey , it 's a car , they do n't build them to be easy . Would definitely recommend this to others and go this route again .
 This fit perfect on my vehicle ... easy installation ... No problems at all ... good price . . the only thing is that it took a while to come but no other complaints
 This passenger-side rear view mirror was perfect to replace the mirror that was broken off of my 1999 Chevy Venture . There 's a great video on YouTube that describes how to replace it with simple tools . It 's an easy job , and the mirror works perfectly . It was well packed and arrived undamaged and perfect . I highly recommend it !
 I would have had to pay 120 from the dealer for their mirror . Like one of the reviews said before it did n't include the nuts ... but I had them from the mirror that fell off . The top corner of the mirror is n't flush with the van -LRB- 02 -RRB- ... but that should be fine .
 Ordered the 99-05 Chevy Venture mirror from Amazon . Was just like the original factory mirror . Unit was as described and easy to install after figuring out the removal of inside door panel . Quality is good and price fair .
 This mirror was a little different , than the original mirror , on my 2003 Chevy Venture Van and did n't install totally flushed/flat but it 's not really noticeable and works well ... not really an issue and not bothered by it for the GREAT price!It was cheaper , bought new , here , than it was , used , at a junk yard ! ; -RRB- Also , it was shipped and received promptly .
 Easy to put on . Works great . Very slight difference in appearance from original . Nothing you can really tell unless looking closely .
 No issues at all.Cosmetically , being new , it looks a bit different than the 10yr old opp side mirror . But If it bothered me that much I would have bought both sides -LRB- I did n't -RRB- .
 the product worked like the ones from the parts store let alone for way less $ $ $ $ ! thanks
 I am a motorcyclist but I bought this for a bicycle . It mounts the same way it would on a motorcycle and the overall quality of the product , especially the mirror glass is very high . It is optically superior to any bicycle mirror I 've seen and gives me a bright and clear view to the rear , mounted on the left bar end . Replacement mirror glass is available should it become damaged in a fall . It is large enough to get a view of what 's behind you yet small enough to be unobtrusive . I 'm very pleased with this product in it 's use on a bicycle . Motorcyclists should know there is a larger diameter mirror available from CRG called the Hindsight Mirror that would be more appropriate to that purpose . It is stated in the documentation that this Blindsight Mirror is intended to augment existing mirrors on a motorcycle and is not for standalone use .
 At first glance , this mirror looks way too small to even function . Once mounted on my FZ8 , I could see twice what the stock mirrors allowed me to see . I removed the two stock mirrors and installed just one of these CRG 's on my left bar . I love it . I can actually see whos behind me now . I will be putting these on any bike I have in the future and will recommend to all my buddies .
 I bought The driven Side mirrors for $ 97.00 and after a month and a half they just fell apart ... lot of money for a nothing . I bought me a pair of these baby 's and they are great.I have a 08 Suzuki Gxer and the mirrors are nice and small , you do n't have to force them on , just need a 5 mm hex key , and they look nice . I do have bar ends on my bike and the mirrors do interfere with the bar ends.These mirrors are a great buy and are better then the expensive ones i bought before . I love the mirrors since , as a biker I always want to know who or what is behind me .
 So these things ar tiny but you actually can see better out of them compared to the factory mirrors . They are sold individually and not in pairs which I made the mistake of thinking , but even at the high cost , they are worth it for the looks as well as improving visibility behind and beside you . My factory mirrors were totally blocked by my body and I could n't see behind me .
 Although I can not fathom why they seperated the order from the mounts to make a quicker delivery , they look great . Just need the snow to go away so I can ride now !
 I love these mirrors . Though they 're a bit small , which makes it a little tough to see what 's behind me I love the look they give my 2007 Ducati Monster .
 I tow a 5000lb camp trailer with my 2000 Mountaineer . Had about 4 inch sagin rear when attached even with weight dist hitch . Mounted these bad boys and with 30 psi in bags the vehicle rides at normal height . Nice ride and less bounce over bumps . I drop the air press to 10 psi when unhooked which keeps the bags just slightly inflated but does n't alter normal ride height . The instructions were easy to read and took about 2 hrs to install the kit . Does exactly what I wanted .1 of the 90 % elbows was defective and `` Air Lift '' customer service answered 2nd ring and sent a replacement in 2 days .
 Very good product , however when you read `` approx . 2 hrs to install '' , do n't believe it ! I 'm sure it would be if you 'd installed 10 on similar vehicles , but for my Explorer , it took about 6 hrs to get everything set up correctly !
 This product fit perfectly and did exactly what it said . There was nothing complex about the installation and it worked well right out of the box . My Explorer Sport is back to stock ride height and when I tow a heavy trailer , I just add air . I could n't be happier .
 Great purchase . This was one of the best things I have purchased for my boat . My SUV rides level just as if I did n't have boat attached .
 I have never been a fan of front plates however i recently purchased a new car and it had the plate frame on the front . . When I removed the frame , there where bolt holes in the bumper so I put the frame back on and began my search for a front plate . . Everyone around here has vols plates so I decided to go against the grain and remind people we have a professional football team as well . . This plate fits that need perfectly . . Very well made , metal plate . .
 The product was exactly what I expected ... what amazed me was the RAPID two day delivery via U. S.P.S. after the order site indicated it would arrive about 7 - 10 business days after I entered my order.What was also VERY nice was that the price I paid was only about 20 % of the listed price on the `` Official Titans Pro Sports Shop '' pricing in downtown Nashville TN ... on ALL counts , buying through Amazon.com was an enjoyable AND cost-effective experience !
 Someone had ordered this and returned . I saved about $ 30 and I am all about savings . It works great and really reduces the glare . Kind of wished I got Dark Grey instead of Black because my interior is Grey but it works just great .
 I checked everywhere and no one can beat Amazon . The best price , products are exactly correct , fast shipping which is sometimes free and is still fast .
 This is a perfect match for the original one I had which was stripped . I purchased this with a HeliCoil kit and it worked great !
 I installed this Air Lift kit on my 2001 Ford E150 Econonline van . It installed easily and works very well . My van now rides much better when pulling our travel trailer , the purposing action is pretty much been eliminated . The rear suspension no longer bottoms out . You will have a hard time beating the price from Amazon.The only fault that I found with the kit is there was no common air fill valve included . You will have to fill each side separately . This is fine if you need to offset side to side load differences but I do not need that option because my vehicle is equally loaded from side to side.Thanks for making such a good product , I would recommend it to anyone .
 Total job took about 4 hrs . because drilling the frame required that I loosen and move fuel line and wire harness that runs along the inside before drilling holes . I used to be a Toyota mechanic so I would consider the installation easy if you have any mechanical skills . Now that I have finished an installation I could do another in about 2 hrs . I am very satisfied with the product , it performed exactly like I had hoped . It allows me to maintain a level ride height vs 4 '' sag . Air bags do not have resistance like steel springs , so if your shock absorbers are worn out you will notice more bounce . If you replace your shocks be careful not to use Heavy Duty shocks unless you want a very stiff ride . I removed worn factory shocks and replaced with Bilstein HD -LRB- since HD is all they make for my vehicle -RRB- only to end up with a HD truck ride vs the soft passenger van ride I had before . It handles much better and is very stable because the suspension is firm but the cons are firm rides are not as comfortable on rough roads . I would buy this product again but use softer or factory shocks since I know what the air bags ride like before I replaced the shocks I can say without a doubt the shocks are what made the vehicle ride rougher .1 yr . later update on air bags . They work great . perfect for anybody transporting extra weight . After you remove weight from vehicle just let the air psi out . About 10 psi per 100 lb . extra load in vehicle to keep it level . I had Bilstien revalve the front shocks and vehicle rides great . Rear HD shocks do n't seem to effect ride but front HD shocks are killers . Now with med . ride shocks on front , it feels great . Very happy with Bilstien customer service in the end .
 These applicators are great !!! I love them b/c you not only avoid spraying tire dressing on your car - it also keeps your hands clean ! I highly recommend these !
 Not sure about the guys who are having a problem with large tires , I use these on my truck with 35 's and my Wrangler with 33 's and they work great ! The only downside is that the hard rubber part you hold gets messy and greasy after awhile , but for spreading ArmorAll or any other tire treatment easily and without overspray these ca n't be beat !
 They work great . I was in the AAP and found some Griots garage sponges then saw these for half price . They are the perfect size for putting on plastic and tire dressing . The curved end made getting into tight spots easy .
 I loved they way they fit and perform . I am an avid outdoors man . They handle the snow , , mud and tree branches great . Would recommend this product to anyone with pets or outdoors person .
 Someone had ordered this and returned . I saved about $ 30 and I am all about savings . It works great and really reduces the glare . Kind of wished I got Dark Grey instead of Black because my interior is Grey but it works just great .
 My woodworking equipment having taken over my garage , I was forced to look for some shelter from the sun for my BMW Z43 . Fit is fine -LRB- even without any tie-downs , the cover stayed on in some recent severe winds -RRB- ; material is substantial and well put-together . If I were to have a gripe it is with process of installing the plastic grommet around the hole -LRB- which one is required to make -RRB- for the aerial . But it is doable if you read carefully the instructions .
 I was hesitant to purchase this and it took me at least a year to make the decision to buy it . I should have bought it sooner.It was easy to install , I had no issues with the installation , just be carefull while working with the sensor you need to remove from the old unit and reinstall on the new.This has provided a welcome boost to power . Now when I hit the throttle hard , you get a force that feels and sounds GOOD.I do not know at this time if it has done anything to improve mileage , as of this time I am having too much fun enjoying the new found power.The only thing I think K&N ; could have done with this is to improve the appearance of the plastic tube that connects the aircleaner to the engine . It looks cheap and for the price of this thing I think they could have done better.If you want an increase in power and acceleration , you should consider this.This is installed on a 2008 Chrysler 300 3.5 L V6
 After installing this air kit , I believe it will live up to my expectations . I have n't driven the car enough to make an accurate evaluation of it 's performance , but it has increased the pep my car has . The instruction sheet could be a little more clear , because the parts diagrams were kinda confusing . The sheet said approximately 90 mins . to install , I did it in 45 mins . If the diagrams would 've been better , i probably would have completed the install in 20 -30 mins .
 Assuming the springs work as intended , the product seems fine . However , presentation fails in that the package has NO CLUE as to which spring does what , although they had _ plenty _ of space to print `` Edelbrock '' and quite a bit of bragging / advertising . Had to visit Amazon.com to find the rated level at which each spring activates -LRB- THANKS ! -RRB- . Only to find they list `` yellow '' and `` gold '' as two of the colors . Discerning yellow from gold proved impossible for us here . The springs were measured and the following attributes recorded : Color , Rated -LRB- advertised -RRB- inches Hg activation level , # of coils , Free Length -LRB- mm -RRB- , Spring Rate -LRB- g/mm -RRB- : Gold 4 '' Hg , 15 coils , 29.2 mm free length , 8 g/mm rate ; Yellow 8 '' Hg , 10 coils , 31.9 mm free length , 13 g/mm rate ; Black 6 '' Hg , 12 coils , 32.6 mm free length , 15 g/mm rate ; Orange 5 '' Hg , 10 coils , 26.1 mm free length , 19g/mm rate.Note that the orange is the stiffest spring rate -LRB- g/mm -RRB- , but its significantly shorter free length places it 2nd weakest as far as advertised activation level in inches of mercury vacuum . Oh , and the photo shows three springs whereas the package contains four - a minor fail that can be overlooked.A clue sheet with every package , and better color differentiation -LRB- or at least the obvious number of coils count -RRB- would make the product much easier to properly use . They have such information ; why not share it ?
 great quality belt ... we 've bought the `` other '' cheaper brands & they never lasted , will stick with Gates belts , also saved over $ 10.00 buying it on Amazon !!!
 well packed , and it fits filter bracket perfectly . Denso is one of the OEM for Acura/Honda so it can be trusted .
 This filter is great . The idle is better and gas mileage is up 1 gpm .
 Given that these are to last for years , I thought I 'd delay a few months before writing a review . So far , so good.Pros * Perfect OEM fit -LRB- drop-in -RRB- * Cleans well * No more disposal of paper filters * Better air-flowCons * Initial cost is a bit high , but ... long-term this is a non-issue * Requires periodic cleaning -LRB- but this is the point -RRB- -- so if you like disposable filters , keep buying thoseOther thoughtsThe K&N ; as expected is catching all of the junk that an air filter should , and when it gets some more stuff attached , I 'll get the cleaning kit and go at it . I have no way to measure HP or torque to substantiate any claims of improvements in those departments . The vehicle feels like it has the same characteristics as before this filter , which is all I was after .
 Slightly more expensive than made in China &#34; Fram &#34; garbage . K&N lasts forever and gives you slightly better gas mileage and performance . I installed it on my 1993 Toyota RV which made a huge difference up steep hills .
 K&N makes the best filters you can get I have used them in cars and motorcycles for years . I got this for a 1994 4 Runner and has made a great SUV better . I went from 11 MPG in town to 15.5 MPG have not done a road test .
 Product as expected . Seem to have better performance after installation . Do n't expect much additional horsepower but truck seems to just run better . Definitely recommend !
 I have enjoyed a K&N air filter in my last two cars . They are the most simple way to actually positively effect gas mileage and engine performance . Anyone can install these . I have seen about .5 mpg increase since replacing my clean air filter . The best part is that I do n't need to worry about it for the next several years .
 This compressor is an exact match to the compressor that was on my 2001 Chevy Suburban LT. The only difference being the original was made in Japan , and the new one is made in the USA.The new compressor came with PAG oil , which you are supposed to pour into a calibrated cylinder to compare with the amount of oil in the old compressor . The only thing is that my old compressor only had 2-3 drops in it , so I was not sure whether to match the drops or just install the new compressor with all the oil . I installed the new compressor with all it 's oil . It is my understanding that the compressor comes with the right amount anyway.I installed new accumulator/drier and I had the system flushed and refilled with 3lbs of freon . Everything works great . I no longer have any vibration or whirring when my a/c is on . This unit works great , but time will tell
 This compressor is the factory OEM part . On my OEM compressor , there was a label on the face of the compressor pulley identifying it as a Denso . You will need an inspection mirror to see it while installed in the vehicle . It fit perfectly on my Suburban . My application was a 1/2-ton 2002 Chevrolet Suburban LS , 4WD with the 5.3 L flex-fuel -LRB- up to E-85 -RRB- engine option . You can tell your vehicle is flex-fuel if there is a `` Z '' in the 8th position of your VIN
 The Denso replacement compressor was a perfect fit in my 2003 Chevy Suburban . The existing compressor was failing at about 85,000 miles and causing the belt tensioner to rattle violently . This replacement was heavy duty and appears to be working well . The replacement procedure is a little involved and required me to get under the truck to get to the inside bolts , but it was well worth it for the satisfaction of doing it myself and the $ $ $ savings .
 looks good and bright but the reverse lights are notafter all im happy with the resultneeds alittle focus to connect the black wire with the tagged wireit replaces the oem directly , and comes with resestors built in
 light is good and fit well avalanche 2009 also the price is reasonable so i rate them with 5 stars well done
 These taillights are a huge improvement over stock . The fiber optic running lights look incredible , and the LED brake and reverse lights are blinding ! Plus , you ca n't beat the price , I 've seen these same taillights for almost double the cost from other retailers .
 I 'm using these liscense plates for an added addition to a wreath I 'm making . They 're inexpensive and look great !! They 're mad of plastice , but will be perfect for what I need them for ,
 We have used this generator in our motor home with 2 AC 's for 10 years !! It has been flawless , I have way over abused it , maintained it terribly and overused it for sure . It 's the quietest unit wherever we have been with other motorhomes . I ca n't imagine , nor have I seen a better unit out there .
 Very nice . Looks like it will catch everything . Drivers side kinda fits in cockeyed , but I can live with it . Got it for the winter conditions . Have n't had a chance to evaluate that part yet But , I think it will still catch the snow drippings and I will beable to pull it out and dump it with no problem . UPDATE
 Product was just how i wanted it . Very quick delivery and very easy buy ! THANKS ! ... I would definitely recommend them !
 I bought this for my hubby after he bought his corvette and he 's learned how to do most things on his own as far as maintenance goes . He really likes this book and spends a lot of time in the bathroom with it : -RRB-
 Product is exactly as described . No exceptions.Need 13 more words to finish this review . one , two , three , four , five , six ...
 I have had this puller set for 15 yrs . It has lasted well past any cheap pullers out there . It is very well constructed for the professional or ameture technition . I highly recommend it.I am a lead tech at a high flow auto repair shop , I use this thing all the time , it never fails ...
 I have used heat shield sunshades for years on a variety of cars . They are great , they are custom fit to whatever the make and model of your car so there is always a perfect fit . Living in southern californa my cars can take a beating when parked outside in summer . When using these shields there is a noticeable difference in temperature . If in doubt try it one day then leave it down the next you will definitely notice the difference . This is usually the first purchase I make for my new cars . You can not beat these with the generic one size fits all products and the quality of the materials is first rate . I recommend these to all my friends and family .
 Just as the previous review stated , I also had to adjust my cam sprocket holder -LRB- J38614 - the 3/8 '' square drive tool with three lugs -RRB- . The lugs were not 90 degrees to the base , requiring the inside surface of each to be filed to fit between gear spokes . After modifying , the tool worked great on my 95 cutlass supreme 3.4 L
 Cam Timing Tools arrived as promised ! Did need to adjust the cam gear holders to actually fit the application -LRB- 94 olds 3.4 -RRB- could not have done the job without them !!!
 After the OEM lug nuts on my Magnum got rounded off by Goodyear I got these as recommended on LXForums.com . The only potential issues are
 I installed this in my '97 Geo Prizm one year ago , I recently changed my oil and I checked the air filter to see how clean it was , and it barely looks like it 's been used . I am very satisfied with this filter and I will buy another one when it comes time to change it out.The car is running great !
 Replaced my old tank in my 88 IROC-Z because it was rusty when I went to change my fuel pump . This tank looks to be nearly identical if not identical to the original tank . My only complaint is that the tank seems to weigh more than the stock tank ; although I did not weight the two , I susspect it was liekly only a couple of pounds in difference at MOST . The tank was shipped with a new gas cap , and o-ring with seal for the fuel sending unit . The tank was covered in light oil/grease for protection of the bear metal , some quick cleaning and a shot of spray paint for extra protection and it went into the car . No complaints so far and would recomend for anyone who wants a stock replacement tank .
 Ordered two for my 2004 Ford Explorer . Within 5 minutes both were working perfect . The instructions in my Ford Manual worked for me a little better then the ones that came with it , but they are about the same . Would highly recommend !
 Got this for $ 20 cheaper than my local dealership had it for . Came with clear and easy to follow instructions , I had it programmed within 10 minutes of getting it . Shipped fast , and got to me quickly and undamaged . The battery did die sooner that expected , but the dealership had batteries for $ 4.50 . I am very happy with this product .
 I 've been having major issues with my keyless entry that came with the car . It worked when it felt liked . I desperatley needed a replacement for fear that one day I would be stuck and not be able to get into my car . I ordered this and it shipped the same day . I got it within 2 days and was able to program my car within one minute . Works great !
 This works and it is easy as one , two , three . Go to you tube.com and type in how to program you keyless remote entry , for this has better instructions than the instructions that came with the product .
 this product work like a charm . . it was e-z to program . . like 1,2,3 . . it arrive on time . . its just like the original so now i am able open my jeep without the key bcoz the originals got broken . . great buy
 Bought these remotes for my 2004 Explorer and they work great . Directions were easy to understand . Do not look any further .
 The item arrived very quickly after ordering . It was in good condition . I followed the instructions , and it worked on the second try , only because I did n't do it correctly the first time .
 This product worked exactly as expected . The directions were clear and easy to understand . We had the fobs working within 5 minutes and there has not been a single problem . The delivery took longer than expected but overall the whole experience was great .
 This product worked just great . I followed the instructions and was able to have it programmed in a few minutes . If you need one of these , this is the way to go .
 This replacement keyless remote works well and was very easy to progam.Taking it out of the box and programing it took less than 5 min.One of the I cons on the remote was different but it still worked.Would buy this product again if i break another remote .
 Prompt delivery , full support during the whole process . . Recommended . . I bought 2 Ford Explorer FOBS - remotes and they work great and saved me 100 $ + . .
 If you have a bike lover in your family , they will love to have it as a present . My biker , which in my case - is my little brother , said it is very professional and he was very pround to own a pair of these .
 What an incredible buy ! The install made a BIG difference on performance . Even though I am not a mechanic , I was able to install the Mikuni carb myself . I rode my hog to the dealership to check out my work . They said to looked good and it was tuned properly . I would recommend this purchase and seller to anyone with a stock CV carb . Some of the guys at the dealership even recommended the Mikuni over another popular brand . They said it is easier to work on and tune .
 My factory card was going bad , so i got this as a factory replacement . it worked great right out of the box and was not hard to install . i followed the instructions and had it on the bike in no time . the only thing i had to adjust was the idle , it was great ! i got the bike running better than ever and i have had no problems with it at all . Very happy with the purchase , and i would do it all over again ... what a bargain !
 Would like to say how easy this install was and the manual was pretty easy to follow . Plus the quality of the product is an A + .
 Delivery was very expedient ; I had it here in a day and a half . Installation was straight forward and the piece bolted right in , it was a perfect fit and matched exactly and was way less than what the dealer was charging . Overall this product was a good buy and would buy again if my other mirrors get smashed .
 I was completely satisfied with the quality of this mirror . It looks just like the factory mirror , cost only a fraction of the factory alternative , and was extremely easy to install . The mirror even came in a sewn felt bag to protect it from scratches.Outstanding quality and value . Could n't be happier with this purchase .
 Rack is a nice addition to bike and I have had compliments on it . Only they dont tell you that the rack has a 25 pound max rateing because it bolts to the fender . I think the rack will hold more than that , it 's the fender that wont hold more than 25 pounds . I 'll just put all heavy items in the saddle bags . ''
 There may be an extra bracket between the sensor and the car ; watch for this if the sensor does n't seem to fit . . Fits upstream/before cat for my car . . Best priced item I found . . Made my check engine light go off . . Increased fuel economy about 1.5 mpg . . I 'm happy with the purchase .
 Once it was installed it broke the end twisted off , I will have to order another one . Ordered replacement today
 Stick with the org . others do not fit well DASH MAT fits like a glove . Thank you bought another one for the car !
 The pedals looked like they where used they had some scratches but they fit good and still looked good they did n't look like they where opened so it must have gotten scratched when packaging at factory .
 We have n't installed these yet but they look really nice . They look well made . We got them for my husbands 72 blazer and i 'm really excited to get it done and install these .
 Dealership wanted $ 20 for a new filter for my 2002 Prius . Was half the price here . Seems comparable in quality to the one in the car , with good rubber seals and fits snug on the mount . Recommended !
 Perfect fit for my 2001 Prius . Looked almost identical to the stock filter -LRB- never changed it before -RRB- . It was really easy to replace and saved me quite a bit of money . I think I can actually feel a slight increase in acceleration too .
 I wo n't get much into detail about scent and other irrelevant topics but one thing I will say is it certainly does n't smell bad . It does a great job and Ive found it to be much more sudsy than the majority of other wash liquids I 've tried . This is my new car wash fluid of choice !
 This is really amazing , I could find something better than this , I have bought two actually , the kit miss 4 fuel line disconnect tools , I do n't know why OTC did this , since this is an expensive item already , they should include it , but you can see my others reviews , to see the item you need to buy to complete your kit , I use it at my shop -LSB- ... -RSB-
 very good quality . i think this unit has every connecter there is . Even fit my 84 911 with motronic F.I. Although this unit is made in taiwan , i ' v never seen a better made set , all with quick disconnects . You will still need your specific auto service manual for proper hook-up and #readings .
 Top quality components , although I actually have the OTC6550PRO model , with newer fittings for newer vehicle applications . If you own this OTC6550 and need fittings for newer vehivcle applications , just buy the upgrade tray to convert this set to the newer PRO version .
 In today 's world fuel pressure is very critical . I had the ability to borrow this product and test it before I had to purchase it . This is a great product and is sold at a great price here on Amazon . With a fleet of over 400 vehicles it is also a money saver . We can now test and not have to guest .
 Is an excellent product for testing on all vehicles injeccion , its broad range of adapters which facilitates the revision in the fuel line . With a 6550-otc has no need to invent new couplings
 Length :
 Ordered mine directly from Motive Products for about the same price . Mine was missing the flexible tubing for brake bleeding and the handle was defective . After emailing Motive , they promised to send a new handle and the missing tubing.The unit worked as advertised . A bit slow but be patient . Remember to warm up the engine a bit -LRB- as directed in the instructions -RRB- and unscrew the oil filler cap before drawing the oil out . Beats crawling under the vehicles and struggling with the oil pan nut ! Will try bleeding brakes with it next time .
 Motive extractor . Works like a gem . Make sure to heat up engine to decrease viscosity of oil . Suction is good and evacuates all oil .
 Worked as advertised . The vaccuum could have been a bit more efficient . It seemed like I had to pump a lot .
 This fluid extractor is so easy to use - you could complete the process with one hand!I got tired of getting `` raked over the coals '' on oil changes and completed my first GL-450 oil changewith this magnificint device . Saved $ 100 and paid for extractor in one change!I did n't have to get under anything - it removes the fluid right at the dipstck.I just sat back & watched the process . I 'll be using this on all my toys ! Awesome value !!
 I bought these for my boyfriends bike because I have the same on my own bike in clear . It took him five minutes to install and I have n't had a problem with mine so they 're definitely good quality flush mounts . They look great in smoke .
 I got these for my cbr600 I put them on its a no brainer to install just takes some time , my bike looks a million times better !
 These flush mount turn signals look great once mounted on a bike but they 're a bit tough to install . The wiring went smoothly but getting them to sit perfectly flush was a bit of work .
 This tool is great and well made and gets the job done fast . The way the jaws can clamp down on the gear being pulled is amazing . I would recommend this to anyone .
 Purchased this item to remove the brake rotors from our Sonata 's , which I swear become welded to the wheel mounts . Have used a dent puller in the past to provide the force required to dislodge the rotors , but had been faced with a far greater challenge this last fall . Tried the idea from U-Tube using the screw and nut trick , but failed miserably . This Jaw Puller was a bit pricey , but taking the car to the brake shop would have been far worse . The first try with this puller worked great - being slow and gradual while keeping the torque at about 20-40 ft-lbs provided excellent results . My second approach on the other side was also successful , but not without breaking the rotor first , due to being less gradual and more forceful . Conclusion
 this is a great product , you can torque on this thing big time and never have to worry about it slipping -LRB- as long as you 've got enough surface area to grab on -RRB- . They are expensive but safer and much better built than most other pullers out there .
 I use this puller all the time repairing lift truck masts and it works great . Once you set it up on the roller or gear it wont come off til you unscrew it .
 Because my current ball mount had too low of a drop , I needed to get a new one . My problem was that I now was going to have to pay someone to weld the sway tab onto a hitch . To save money and time , I found this on Amazon and it made the job much easier . I received the new hitch and in just a few minutes I had installed both balls onto the hitch and it works great . The short drop keeps my popup from bouncing too low to the ground .
 I needed a way to attach two balls to the rear of my car for two different hitches -- this was a perfect answer to my problem .
 This is a great way to get the trailer swaybar ball attachment integral with your trailer hitch , purchasing the hitch with the side sway bar attachment is about as cheap as paying someone to weld the stub that comes with the sway bar to your old trailer hitch - and it is positioned correctly .
 Have not pulled the wheels from my 70 GS455 since installation but the chrome was much nicer than the cheapie lug nuts these replaced . Price here at Amazon was the best I could find .
 Yes ... better than the original . . after 20 th miles work like new and whitout any vibration . . Perfect product . . If you need it order it from Amazon
 I looked everywhere on and offline for a dash cover or mat or carpet for my Moms car . Dash mat is a product I have used and purchased in the past . I was happy with the Dash Mat I purchased this time as far as quality of the product . I was disappointed that everywhere I turned I could not get a color picture of the actual color of the Dash Mat I get that maybe there were only a couple of colors and I think a couple might look good either way . None the less because I was n't shown a full bill of goods so to speak I have to deduct 1 star for not giving all the info . The product Dash Mat is an awesome product otherwise as it cools your dash off and keeps even dust fom being a big problem but the biggie is the lowering of solar radiation through the windshield . As a resident of Arizona I can appreciate even a few degrees lowered temp on a110 degree day .
 This is my second Gorilla 4-Way Lug Wrench -LRB- one for each car -RRB- . Has helped more than one motorist and neighbor who , when they discovered they had the need to change a tire , realized they did not have the correct lug wrench - either because they lost it , or they realized only then the wheels on the vehicle were not factory . The fact it folds is a real space saver but in no way robs it from its ability to do the job .
 I was using the old standby Chilton or Hayden books . They did n't have all the information I needed for my restoration.This is a reproduction of the actual shop manual ; works fantastically !
 Comparing product dimensions I found that this filter would fit my Mitsubishi Mighty Max . It is n't an exact match but it is so close it does n't matter when the price is only $ 1 .
 I have been using this product for years with many different jobs . HUGE time saver .
 This product works perfect , just as described . I used it a couple of times now on our Mercedes C230 . It takes about 15 minutes to suck all the oil out . Very clean operation without a drop of oil outside .
 This Mityvac 7400 arrived promptly and was better than I expected . I have n't yet had a chance to change my oil but it does seem to have plenty of suction . I am very pleased with the purchase as well as the timely delivery .
 This is easy to use and a great time and money saver . If you like or prefer changing your own oil , I would recommend giving this a try .
 Seems to work well and is probably one of the better constrtucted models I looked at .
 I bought this product for my E500 but decided to use it on my M3 because the E500 was not ready for an oil change yet . Within 35-45 mins it pulled about 5.5 quarts of oil out but the car takes about 7 quarts . I had to drain from under neath to get the rest of the oil out because the M3 is not really made for top drain IMO . As for suction power it can really sucks . Just remember to warm up the engine to thin the oil a bit for easy suction . I ca n't wait to use it on my E500 .
 Best oil change I ever did . If only the oil filter was so simple . Definitely worth the price .
 Worked better than I thought . Was able to empty out all the oil -LRB- synthetic -RRB- in my Mercedes , no problem . The only issue I have is the cleanup afterwards , not very convenient .
 Works beautifully with the Bimmer , but need the Lisle Oil Filter socket for sure.The evacuator though simple , can use a more thorough instruction to explain the drain plug -LRB- kind of stuck in there blocking the drain , but removable -RRB- . Did n't work with Honda CRV . Did n't find any reference in previous reviews . But the Honda drain plug is easy to do ; though not the oil filter.I would buy it for just the Bimmer .
 I used this to change the oil in my 2006 sea doo jets ski . I use a 10w40 conventional oil per the owner 's manual . I have very little experience with engine maintenance , and this pump worked fantastic . This is my first ski and has had it for a year . I just ran the engine for a few minutes to warm up the oil , put the small hose in the dipstick hole and pumped just a few times . The whole process took around 15 minutes and that included take off and replacing the engine cover/seat . I would defiantly recommend some buy this pump if you were considering changing your own oil .
 Was delivered quickly and in perfect shape . Very well built , better than expected . Already `` exchanged '' the transmission fluid in 2 vehicles with it . Works like a charm . No mess whatsoever , pump out 4 liters according to hash marks , put 4 liters back in , run , check , done . Very sturdy , stable , leakfree , easy to use , etc. . I 'm very happy , I feel it was well worth the money . Only thing I 'd change is to have more tick marks in the side to measure amount of fluid . The tool has 1 per liter which is n't bad .
 Heard great reviews on this product so I gave it a try . The unit works great at removing the old oil from my MBZ CL55 . My only complaint is removing the oil from the unit by pouring it out of the top . Also for some reason the pump handle after pouring the oil spurts oil out of the top when I started pumping . I eventually got that to stop but it was annoying other than that I saved some money doing a MBZ oil change .
 Durably made and easy to use . Extendable foot rest makes the unit stable during pumping . Evacuated 7 quarts of 5w-30 synthetic motor oil w/in 5 minutes . Should have owned this tool years ago .
 I have been using the MityVac with Mobil 1 synthetic oil with no problems at all . I only use synthetic oil in all my vehicles and lawn equipment , and after using for several oil changes , there are no problems with the MityVac related to synthetic oil that I have noticed . I am revising this review because I noticed that some of the other reviews cited problems with synthetic oil.I give this product 5 stars . I purchased the Mityvac 7400 from Amazon . I use it to change the oil in my vehicles and lawn mower . The benefit of the Mityvac is easier handling of the used oil . It is less messy than oil splattering from the drain plug into a pan . But remember - you still have to deal with some of that while you change the oil filter . The included hoses are coiled up , so when you use them , it is easy to drip everywhere on your engine and driveway when you pull it out after oil removal . I found that a 5 foot section of PVC pipe with a couple of end caps from my local hardware store solves these problems . It provides a neat place to store the tubes between uses , and keeps them straight so that they are easier to handle while removing from the engine compartment . Highly recommended , but do n't expect this product to enable you to change your own oil if you are not already comfortable with a more traditional process . I also purchased the brake bleeding attachment but have n't had a chance to use it yet .
 I used this on my 2002 BMW and it seemed to work great , but the next time I went to use it - oil started coming out of the T-Handle where air normally is the only thing that escapes . I called the manufacturer , and they advised me that a defect is allowing the seals in the lower part of the canister to degrade and will allow oil to bypass . They informed me that it would be covered under warranty - but Tool Topia is not working with me . When you call the line for returns , they have you leave a message - nobody ever calls you back either . I have called 4 times in the last 6 days - and nothing . ** UPDATE ** After Mityvac heard my story , they offered to send me another unit right away!Don ' t buy this from ToolTopia -LRB- Amazon 's seller of this unit -RRB-
 I bought this pump and have used it at least 5 times for my cars oil changes . I find it extremely well made and excellent value for the money . Well worth it , especially at the sale price . Does exactly what it says on the box -- extracts the oil from the sump with virtually no effort .
 I purchased the Mityvac 7400 7.3 Liter Fluid Evacuator.This is great around the garage and the house . I find myself using it more than I ever thought I would . Since I purchased this I have ordered another . I use one for oils and the other only for Anti-freze . Cleaning it out can be done but takes about 15 to 20 minutes.Cons : Designed in America by Lincolin and produced in TaiwanWhish it had a feature to pump the fluid back out instead of having to pour it out . -LRB- the air operated model does this -RRB- . This product is well worth the money !
 I was surprised when I saw that Mercedes Benz suggested a fluid evacuation system for doing oil changes on my SLK320 . But I started reading reviews and people were raving about this system . I guess I am adding my voice to that chorus . Ive never had an oil change go so easily and so fast and my car holds almost twice as much oil as most . You stick the hose down the dipstick tube and pump the handle a few times to get the oil to start flowing . I had to pump it a few more times but the entire process only took about 20 minutes . I highly recommend the Mityvac 7400 .
 nice and efficient . open the oil fill cap to help the vacuum . Oil needs to be warm or it will take awhile .
 This is a great fluid extractor . I did my first oil change all by myself on my BMW 325CI . I warmed up the engine for 10-15 minutes . I just waited till the temp gauge reaches the middle point . Then I took out the dipstick , inserted the tube down the dipstick pipe till it hit the oil pan . I only pumped the handle 5-7 times . You do n't want to pump it too much . It may create too much of a suction and may break a seal or something . As the container fills up , there is less empty room in the container so it will require less pumping . Eventually all of your oil will come out . I sucked up about 6.8 liters of old oil . It was very easy to do and was actually pretty fun . While it 's sucking the oil out , you can change the oil filter . Build , seems to be of qood build quality . The only thing I did n't like so much is the tubing . I wish the connecting gommet was something different . Maybe a screw like connector would be better . If your dipstick pipe is big enough , you can try to find a 10mm platic or teflon tube that is about 10 feet long , that would be even better . That way you do n't have to connect the two tubes together .
 Mityvac 7400 7.3 Liter Fluid EvacuatorGreat product . Works very efficiently and effectively . Does the job .
 Works great with little mess . After I figured out how far to insert the tube into the dip stick hole , it worked like a charm . I had the tube too far down into the crankcase .
 This item was worth every dime . The other reviews that say it does n't work , I 'm not sure why they would say that . My method
 This Vacuum Powered Fluid evacuator is just what you need for changing the oil in your boat or 4-stroke jetski . It has a large enough reservoir to do a big block or a couple of smaller jetski engines .
 Worked like a charm in removing radiator fluid from my car . I will be doing my first oil flush next week , I know that it will work just fine . As for those that claim that the build is cheap , I do declare that it is not . It is made of a high grade plastic that seems to withstand hot liquids with ease .
 Great product . Make life easy.The only downsite is it take a long time to clean.What I did is to put warm and soap water in a big tank and let this sucker to suck serveral time -LRB- until the tube are clean -RRB- . There is no way to clean the conatiner.Anyway , it is good product !
 Works with my 2006 Honda Accord - Oil and Transmission fluid2003 Chevy Tahoe - Does not work for draining oil . I can not get the tube down to the oil pan . Drains transmission fluid .
 The mityvac 7400 appears to be well constructed and it worked as advertised . I 've only used it once to change transmission fluid on my 2005 dodge minivan . I evacuated 4 1/2 quarts in about 15 minutes . You 'll need to give it a few additional pumps during the evacuation process to keep the fluid flowing . You can monitor the fluid flow by watching it through the translucent tubing . I 'd recommend this product for evacuating fluids that you ca n't remove by draining .
 Yes , it sucks.But that 's a good thing!My days of laying on my back , under the car , trying to get the oil pan drain plug unscrewed while creating an ecological disaster in the driveway are over !
 My VW has the oil filter accessible from the top , so it does n't make sense to get under the car if I do n't have to . I love being able to suck out all the oil without getting too dirty . I tried the cheap one from Harbor Freight , which mich have worked if the tube did n't collapse under its own pressure -LRB- and it was very difficult to get all of the seals for the different parts seated properly -RRB- . But with the mityvac , I get a great vacuum every time , and I just take the whole thing to a place to get the oil recycled . It is pretty easy to remove the plug and pour the oil out . This model should be plenty large for nearly all average sized cars .2 successful oil changes so far.Not sure how easy versatile they are , but it might be worth checking out the model that dispenses too .
 Good , solid product that worked great . Instructions could be clearer about the fact there 's 1 tube that 's ALWAYS used , and then you use one of the remaining 2 depending on your vehicle , and that the drain adapter just pries straight out , but is rather difficult the first time.Oh , and tech support warned me to not pour the oil OUT too fast or it can get up into the air vent and spray out next time under pressure.Pros
 have used for transmission fluid changes , axle fluid and steering fluid changes . easy to use , solid construction , several hoses included in the kit that can be `` daisy chained '' for longer runs . Took several minutes to pull 2.7 qts of 75-140 oil but it was unattended . Very handy . No cracks or flaws in mine . There are 1 qt graduations on the side .
 I read the reviews on Amazon ; concerned about the various issues.I bought it , had it shipped to San Jose , CA and arrived in 3 days standard free shipping.It was easy to set up ; just tighten the screws to make sure it 's tight . Run car up to temperature , turn off , insert hose carefully into dipstick . Push a little further than dipstick until it stops -LRB- 2007 Ford Focus -RRB- . I pumped it about 5-10 times , and continued to pump later . It seems to only require a few strokes and takes about 15 mins to suck out 3.5 liters -LRB- car holds 4.7 -RRB- . Some lost to consumption , other to oil filter -LRB- downward facing -RRB- . The reviews mentioned seals that fail due to synthetic oil ; others say yes , others say no to the failure cause.The Focus uses 5-20W oil Mobil 1 synthetic , so we 'll see in 3 months how it holds up.For now , it worked perfectly ,
 I have a Mercedes C230 and this system worked GREAT for extracting the oil . This is a wonderful tool and it could n't have worked any better . This unit was very easy to use and only took about 10 minutes to complete the job . Try it for yourself and I 'm sure you 'll feel the same as I do .
 I bought this becuase I have a new boat with twin inboards . I would normally pay $ 100 - $ 125 per motor so it would add up , as I like to change every 50 hours . This thing is so easy to use and NOT messy . Forget the battery powered ones . Forget going to WestMarine , too . They sell them for over double . I did this all through the dip stick . Great PRODUCT !
 I bought this MityVac from Amazon and only used it once so far to do the oil change on my 2001 BMW 325i . For anyone with the same car , you will be happy to know that this worked like a charm . Just warm up your engine a bit before using it , not hot just warm . Also , you might consider loosening your oil filter to allow oil to drain down while using the MityVac . I only loosened the oil cap on the engine and it still worked fine . A couple observations
 I have n't worked on a car in over 25 years -LRB- my old 1982 Monte Carlo -RRB- . I now have a 25 year old pontoon boat with a pre-1985 Chevy 3.0 L 4cyl engine . I was tired of getting ripped off by the local marinas , so I decided to do the work myself . I read the reviews and purchased this item hoping it would be easy to use . Swaying over the water , I popped off a drain plug that is used for access to the oil pan , plugged the tube into the hole -LRB- you get 3 different sized tubes to choose from -RRB- , gave the handle a few pumps and the oil immediately started flowing into the cannister . Since I was doing other things like changing the distributor cap , points , rotor , fuel filter , etc. , I was not able to run the engine to warm up the oil , but it did n't matter . The suction was good enough to drain 4 1/2 quarts of oil in less than 15 minutes . I had to give it an extra pump or 2 every few minutes , but there was no effort to get this unit to work , even with the thicker oil . Disposal was easy ; however , there is no note in the instructions that the cap to the holding unit is a plug and not screwed in . I also wish they had an adapter for my drain cap , which uses a garden hose type threaded cap . Considering an oil change at the local marina is probably $ 40 or more , this has pretty much paid for itself with the first use . Well worth the money !
 This is a great and easy to use evacuator . It 's great for removing fluids such as oil , power steering fluid , or brake fluid .
 Very good product for normal use . I work for an a automotive shop and weuse the same model . Once in a while on some cars , I do more pumping thanother ones . If you do n't want to get dirty , the evacuator is the way to go .
 Hmm . Nothing difficult in the procedure of using this product . I got the product in 2 days after I ordered -LRB- of course 2 day shipping -RRB- . I got it out , hook them up and got the oil out after warming up the car for a bit . One thing I notice is that the rubber that connects the dipstick tube to the main tube is loose once the warm oil softens the rubber . So , there is a tiny leak of seal . However , even with the tiny leak , all the oil is out of engine within 10 minutes or so.At first , I quite could not get the oil out . Because the dipstick tube did not reach the oil . But , I was able to manage to push it down deeper and rest is the magic . So , maybe I can measure the length of car 's dipstick , and then , I can manage to put the stick in right depth -LRB- I guess I got ta go deeper than dipstick , I mean . -RRB- I feel that they could make the tubes in coiling format , so it would not be as hard to maneuver and to store . Please , improve the connection of tubes !! These would be my wishes.Overall , it was good . My drain plug is broken , so it is helpful to use this instead of replacing the bottom of oil pan.Thank you for making this product .
 After trying unsuccessfully for a few minutes to drain my oil , I found the best way is to feed about one or two feet of line down the dipstick tube , and pump the unit about 10-15 times . Then slowly pull the line back out until you hear it start to slurp -LRB- like when you 're reaching the end of a soda you 're drinking with a straw -RRB- , and feed it back down slowly until you feel the tube hit the bottom of the oil pan . Using this method , I 've done four cars with no problem.It does take longer to drain your oil with this pump , but you can take the pump straight to the parts store to dispose of the old oil and filter without having to scrounge up an empty milk jug , and your wife will probably appreciate not having an oily drain pan lying around .
 After being convinced vacuum extraction removes ALL the old oil and ALL the sludge -LRB- it does -RRB- , I researched a variety of oil and fluid extractors.Extraction is especially recommended for Mercedes , BMW , VW and vehicles where the oil filter is accessable from above . You could change oil and clean up wearing a business suit . And fast.Run the engine to warm and churn the oil . Remove the dipstick and insert the extractor tube -LRB- several sizes supplied -RRB- . Operate the extractor . Used oil is viewed and measured through the translucent side of the extractor . Replace the filter and refill the crankcase . Pour out the old oil - into soda bottles if you wish - it 's that neat and accurate.Under carriage inspection is indeed important and I plan to remove the undercover and do it again sometimes after the snow melts , if it gets warmer or when I have time.This type extractor seems best for automobiles , as many are designed for boats and small engines . Some extractors leak when used with synthetic oil , but most manufacturers have changed seal material and will supply replacements if a problem exists . A rare few older engines do not present a suitable path for dipstick oil extraction.The Mityvac 7400 Oil Extractor from Amazon was the right model at the best price . Delivery was virtually instant . I plan to order others . Soon my automotive DIY friends will be out from down under and walking upright again , but maybe not in business suits .
 I have only used this once , and I was amazed as to how easy it was to operate . No more getting under the car and dangerous ramps . I pumped the unit about 3-4 times and again the same in another 5-10 minutes . In total , about 20 minutes the entire 5 quarts were pumped out . If you use synthetic oil , the cost of just one oil change will return your investment -LRB- that 's both oil , filter , and the Mityvac -RRB- . No more spilled oil or drips with this system if used properly . If you are so inclined to change your own oil , it will give you peace of mind that you are getting the quality oil & filter of your choosing , instead of some off-brand at service centers . Ca n't say enough about my level of satisfaction at his point . I initially contacted Lincoln -LRB- the mfgr -RRB- before buying to clarify use with synthetic oil and history of gasket failure . They promptly responded that their QA and engineering departments had made design changes to address previous problems .
 I drive a Mercedes S-430 , which I consider to be the finest car on the road.The manual states that the oil should only be suctioned , with a device such as the Mityvac 7400 ; but , for reasons unknown , even to me , I have stubbornly drained the oil the old fashioned way ... until recently . The manual even states that the design of the oil pan is such that suctioning will remove more oil than draining.The Mityvac was just too easy to use . The line that goes down the dip stick tube was so long that I only needed to connect the one line , instead of two , as the manual suggests.It did n't take that many pumps to remove the 8 quarts of oil . You could hear it sucking , like a kid sucking a straw at a soda fountain.Why did n't I buy this thing years ago ... why ... why !!! The whole job only took 10 minutes . What a fool I 've been !
 I bought Mityvac fluid evacuator recently . Changed my car enging oilwithout any problem , very good item .
 I am still wondering why I did n't buy one before now . Very handy tool , I used it to evacuate transmission fluid out of car -LRB- Toyota V6 -RRB- and it worked great . Having the suction created on the down stroke makes it easy to use along with the extended foot step . I had to do some metric conversions and mark the side of container with lines , or you could just pour in known quantities of water and mark the sides . Knowing how much liquid you removed is needed for easy exchange . Three tubes included and so far long enough for my usage . The unit advises on a 175 degree rating so I usually wait about half an hour before removal so oil has time to cool off a little , this is also advised since you are really applying a plastic tube to hot metal parts under the hood . I can see many other uses for MityVac and recommend it.Gary in Louisville Ky
 It seems that my dealer overfills my car every time I take it in . This works great for taking the 1/2 quart out . 5 Minutes and I am done .
 Used it on a 5.7 Mercruiser equipped boat . Was a bit slow , but that might be my technique . Left more oil in engine than I expected but I change oil frequently so I 'm not so concerned . Easy to transport and dispose of oil for recycling . Once I use it on our cars and other eqpt . I 'll have a better idea of how functional it is . So far I 'm satisfied and it seems to be well constructed . I do n't anticipate any problems .
 I 've used this to change the oil in my Passat TDI and my motorcycle with excellent results . The materials and construction seem to be good , no real complaints . The little part that you step on to hold it own could be a little larger . The spout on the top makes it easy to pour out the contents , and the hoses fit tightly and do not seem prone to slipping out or anything like that .
 I purchased this from Amazon after thoroughly researching ... one of the main drivers for this particular unit was the capacity . I own a BMW , and needed the 8 qts . I also did n't have an air compressor handy . ; - -RRB- My first oil change was on my Toyota MR2 . I wanted to test the unit before putting my faith in it , and wanted to see how thorough the vacuum was . So the Mityvac picked up all it could , and then I unplugged the oil drain bolt to see what was left ... Which was surprisingly little . There was about a half cup worth of oil that the Mityvac did n't pick up . I thought that was GREAT for the money I put into it . If it serves as an indicator of things to come , it 's a great buy.Note
 The oil vac worked well . I did warm up the engine first to reduce the viscosity which helps the oil suction process . The Mityvac worked very well with no spills or drips . The 7.3 L canister allows for plenty of room to hold the old oil . The vacuum pump works well and holds a vacuum . The design of the product allows for relatively easy cleanup .
 I purchased this item for my husband and he says it works great . You just need to purchase a longer hose if draining oil from a truck .
 I have been really impressed . I have had it for about a week and have done 2 transmission fluid changes and 2 power steering fluid changes . Works very fast with little effort . I have already saved way more than the cost of the unit . Anyone that works on cars should own one of these .
 The pump was very easy to assemble and use . I used it to change the oil in a 2007 C230 . I extracted almost 8 quarts using the medium size tube which took me about 40 minutes with pumping every 5 minutes . This was more time and work than I read in the other reviews but still a better alternative than getting under the car .
 I maintain a car , an SUV , and two motorcycles , as well as my parents ' cars and a neighbor 's pickup truck . the Mityvac has proven to be a reliable , clean way to remove oil , differential lubricant , and automatic transmission fluid , as well as bleed brakes -LRB- with the bleeder kit -RRB- . I now use it on the riding mower and auxiliary generator as well ; there seems to be no end to possible applications . Seals , hoses , and gaskets have been no problems , even with synthetic lubricants .
 Worked just as advertised . I used it to extract the motor oil from my Kawasaki Ultra 250x jet ski engine . I have only done it once so I am not sure if the seals in the piece of equipment will degrade because of the synthetic oil as one user had indicated . It will be another year before i use it . The Ultra 250x jet ski 's have a problem with fuel getting into their oil so it is my guess that the fuel in their oil may have deteriorated their seals or they left it in the Mityvac for an extended period of time.I was a little disappointed in the shipping though . The factory box was badly damaged when I received it from UPS to the point that I took pictures before I opened it in case anything was missing . It is not difficult to use but it still would of been nice if the documentation and warranty registration card would of been in the box still . I hope that is all that was missing.The vacumm mechanism worked flawlessly and the continuous suction was great . The pour spout on the top helped when transferring the fluid to a disposable container but be careful when removing the suction hose from the spout as it will likely splash a little bit of oil onto your pants.The construction of the product felt very solid and durable . I would recommend it to anyone.I did notice other folks were disappointed with the length of the tubes and I would agree that they could be a bit longer . I suppose one could run to the hardware store and purchase water line for a refrigerator ice maker and make their line as long as they needed .
 From out of the box to full of 4 quarts of transmission fluid from my Toyota Sienna ... less than 5 minutes . Should have bought one a long time ago . Clean , easy to use , fluid spout makes pouring spill free . The hoses are firm -LRB- not soft plastic -RRB- and good quality .
 I bought the Mityvac 7400 to change the transmission fluid in my Saturn L200 car . This car does n't have a dipstick but the fluid can be changed through a plug high on the transmission ... -LRB- otherwise you 'd have to pull the pan and gasket -RRB- The Mityvac worked great ... . I just snaked the small hose down the fill plug and sucked out the old fluid ... it took about 15 minutes total to get 7 qts . out.It works really easily and draws a strong suction with only about 3 pumps of the handle.I can recommend this to anyone that wants to easily tranfer trans . fluid or oil.Bill
 After the oil monkeys stripped my oil threads decided to change the pan and get one of these . It took some time trying to pump and get it to suck out all the oil -LRB- it was the placement of the straw that matters the most -RRB- . Needs to be placed at good angle to suck the oil . Took some time fiddling around to get right spot . . but it eventually worked so am giving it 4 start . It seems like it sucked all the oil out which is good . The hose I used was the 2nd smallest in diameter . It should work for any honda ranging from 88-01 acura , civics . I am not sure on the newer style honda and acuras . I will update after I try out other cars . Item looks like its built very nicely ...
 I did my first oil change on my wifes BMW Z3 with this thing . Because the car sits so low , it 's tough to even get a jack under it -LRB- the oil filter removes from the top -RRB- . I bought this unit to get around that . It was quite easy to use . Just pop a tube down the dipstick tube and give this thing a few pumps here and there . After several minutes it starts slurping , indicating the level is down to the bottom of the pan and it 's done . It really was quite easy . I have two minor gripes . 1 -RRB- I wish the suction tubes were longer . It comes with 3 of different diameters about 3 feet long each . It reaches fine for a little car , but I 'm not so sure how well it will reach when I try this on my Jeep Wrangler . 2 -RRB- It took longer then I thought it would to suck all the oil out . I did n't time it , but proabably 10 to 15 minutes . No big deal , just an FYI . Overall , a great unit with little room for improvement . I 'm glad I bought it !
 I bought this product a week ago and have changed the oil inevery thing I own that has a motor , Lawn mower , Tractor and Car & Truck . Product is easy to use and no mess to clean up afterwords . It took about10 min to drain the oil in my Mercedes and 10 more to finish the complete job . What I saved by doing these jobs myself paid for the Mityvac , after just the first time use .
 This is a great product . I have BMW M3 which makes the oil change so easy ince the oil filter is located right on top so no need to get under the car to open the drain bolt . It took me about 30mins or so to change the oil .
 This works very well , only difficult aspect is trying to clean it after an oil change , but it worth the price for a high quality product .
 it works great dont have to go under my jeep to change the oil ... i like it .
 Only down side , is pouring the fluid once pumped is a sloooow process . Otherwise great product w / competitive price !
 Before I purchased this Evaculor , I read the comments from other people 's reviews . I was worried about leakage . It impressed me that the machine functioned very well . It saved me a lot time to have the oil changed . Since that was the first I used it I ca n't predict the leakage when the next time it 's being used . Overall , I would recommend this product .
 I bought this pump to do oil changes on my motorcycle without having to jack my bike up and stuggle with an oil pan bolt on the very bottom of the engine . Unlike smaller handheld pumps that require continual pumping to get the oil out , this pump just needs a couple of initial pumps and the resulting negative pressure is enough to drain the oil in less than ten minutes . What had frequently taken 20-30 minutes of messy pumping , now takes much less time and I can store 3-4 oil changes in the pump and then take the whole thing to my local automotive chain store and dump it . Price and quality of the mechanism were great .
 This is really what I was looking and hoping for . You literally stick the tube down into whatever fluid you need to drain and pump it right out . Very quick and easy . Sometimes it is a little difficult to manage the tubing and pump at the same time .
 My father-in-law had one , he was having fun with it changing the transmission fluid in every car that pulled into his driveway.I knew right there , I had to have one . With 4 high mileage cars , I pulled this thing out of the box and went right to work changing transmission fluid in all my vehicles . I had been looking for a syphon to get fluid out of one car . Now I have one.Saves the cost of paying someone else to change it or taking the proverbial hot transmission fluid baptisim .
 I had no serious difficulties with the first use of this device - nothing was loose as suggested by other reviews and it functioned as advertised ...
 Worked well for changing transmission fluid . Easy to pump and extract fluid . I wish the tubing were longer
 After reviewing several products that would allow me to change the oil on our sailboat without using the drain plug , I purchased this based on the reviews . I was a little skeptical , but it worked great . I did n't spill a drop the first time I used it . There were 3 plastic hoses included to fit different dip stick tubes . The tubes connect to the pump with a rubber plug , but it can come loose easily once it is coated with oil . I did need to pump the handle several times to maintain the vacuum and keep the oil flowing . It was n't really a fast process , it took about 10 minutes to drain 5 quarts of oil , but well worth avoiding the alternative of trying to use the drain plug .
 I 've used this mityvac to change oil , and flush radiator flood . I 've changed oil 3 times and flushed radiator floor 4 times now . My mityvac is still working -LRB- no leaking yet -RRB- . This tool is so useful and it has saved me so much money by not going to the st-ealer-ship . The st-ealer-ships change your oil the same way . They use their $ 1000 + mityvac or something like that to suck out your oil in like 1 minute for 8 litters . Well this baby sucks out 8 liters in 20 minutes , and that is fine . I 'd rather spend just $ 60 on the parts and not $ 120 at the Mercedes st-ealer-ship for the same service . This makes me wonder why changing oil always take 30-45 minutes at the st-ealer-ship ? What a scam . Now I know .
 Ordered from Tool Topia . Quick shipping . Works great for my 98 Avalon . Remember to unscrew oil filler cap so a vacuum is not created . Easy to dump the oil from at local parts shop . Great product .
 This was so easy , my wife changed the oil in her Fiat 500 and was absolutely ecstatic . Will be using it on my Mustang on the next oil change .
 Recently bought the Mityvac 7400 because the dealer wanted $ 150 for an oil change on my SLK230 . In order to pull the drain plug its jack up the car -LRB- put on stands -RRB- remove a skip pan and dust shield then on to the plug . The Mityvac worked great -LRB- I need to develop a little bit better technique -RRB- but it did a great job getting the oil out the dipstick . The pouring spout makes it easy to transfer the used oil for disposal . Because it is dedicated to oil changes a wipe down does the clean up . I had so much fun I changed the oil on my wife 's Grand Cherokee , while I was at it .
 I used this with my Honda Civic and it works perfect . Had to use the smallest diameter hose , the bigger one would n't work for some reason . Just need a little patience , but it beats crawling under the car and/or stripping the oil pan plug ...
 thing works great . got ta keep pumping slowly and its not the fastest , but drains whatever in probably 10-15 minutes.should save lots of time on fishtank water changes and auto fluid replacements
 I wanted to save some money by doing my own oil changes , but I did n't want to have to get my hands dirty . I tried this item & it works as it claims to . You just need to use some elbow grease to get the job done . So , I guess it 's a choice of whether to work harder or dirtier ?! I think I 'll be using this again and again . Not just to change my oil . I 'm sure I 'll find other uses . I am happy with the purchase .
 I 've never been so satisfied with the reality of a product 's discription.It works like a sharm , I currently use it on my BMW 328i and it just make changing the oil a brise . With this produt you can change your motor oil on your own , living you with extra money you can use to buy the top of the line oil .
 This item seems to be ok for it 's price , should be a little cheaper for what you get .
 I used it as soon as I received it . I changed the oil for my car in 5 minutes .
 I have a MityVac vacuum unit that works great for bleading brakes , etc. on my motorcycles , so I am pleased with their products . I recently purchased a Weed Eater WE1 mower . Only way to change the oil is from the dipstick , so I do need a device to evacuate spent oil . Same situation for another mower and a large snowblower -LRB- which I have n't changed since I bought it a couple of years ago -RRB- . I am still looking for an acceptable device and this Mityvac 7400 looks like it will fit the bill . Also considering the Liquid Vac sold by Northern Tool.I see many positive reviews on this product , but some who give it one star , due to degradation of seals in the vacuum pump caused by use of synth oil . It appears to occur over time . It probably takes a while for these seals to degrade . My recommendation would be to either pump some fresh dino -LRB- organic -RRB- oil through to dilute and clean out the synth . Would take a lot . Just use cheap oil . You could also try a surfactant such as plain old kitchen dishwashing soap in warm water pumped through the system.As far as folks complaining about cracks in the container or other areas , they should be easy enough to repair with epoxy or the mechanic 's best friend , duct tape.I have rated this a four , just to be fair since I have n't any experience with it , but I think I will order one , just to see how it works on my small engines . Price is right and free shipping . I will continue to use my own elbow grease to do my cars and motorcycles though . I will be getting back when I see how this works . Oh , by the way , I use Rotella T in all my engines . Sometimes synth and sometimes dino oil.One question though , has anyone used this vac pump to empty fuel tanks on small engines or motorcycle fuel tanks ?
 I 'd seen this evacuator in some car care catalogs I get , but for around $ 75 instead of the $ 52 Amazon charges . I generally am fine with going under the car , but I have an S2000 now and it 's too low to go on my ramps . So , I bought this after reading many reviews.In short , this works great . I got it in 2 days after ordering , and it was in perfect shape . I checked , and there were no cracks or crazing in the plastic where it was screwed together . The translucent plastic also appears to be very thick - I ca n't imagine the vacuum pump in this ever being strong enough to collapse it , as one review described . I work in an engine laboratory and deal with automotive tools daily - this is as high quality as most other tools you 'd find in a professional garage.I found the instructions to be just fine . They 're only one page , but this is a simple device . In short , there are three tubes that come with it . The largest is designed to connect to the evacuator , and the other end connects to either of the smaller hoses . The small hose fit in the dipstick tube on my S2000 , and it was easy to push it down to the oil pan . If you do it slowly , you can feel when the hose first touches the bottom of the pan . The engine oil was still warm from my drive home . I removed the oil fill cap on the engine and pumped the handle on the evacuator 10-12 times . The oil began to get drawn into the chamber quickly . I went inside for 5 minutes or so . When I came back out I had about 1.5 quarts of oil removed . I repeated the pump and wait routine twice more . By then I had most of the oil out and it was mostly sucking air . I did one more pump cycle to make sure I 'd gotten as much as possible . According to the markings on the tank I had about 4.7 liters of oil , and the engine holds 4.8 . There was easily enough left in the oil filter to make up the difference . After refilling and running the engine there was no sign of dirty oil contaminating the clean stuff . I 'm confident that this got as much oil as using the drain plug would have.The best part was that I stayed clean - I did the whole job in my street clothes . Pouring the dirty oil into my recycle container was easy and clean too - the opening has a funnel tip on it so that the oil pours cleanly.If you ca n't get under your car easily , or you 're just tired of doing that , I highly recommend this tool . Of course , you 'll need to be able to get the oil filter off from the top of the engine to do the whole oil change , but if you can , then this beats putting the car on ramps , changing clothes , going under and getting oily , cleaning up , etc. . I see this getting a lot of use at my place .
 This is an excellent product . It really works best with Mercedes and BMWs where they also have the oil filter on the top of the car so you dont even need to get under the car to remove the oil filter . Ive also used this on my Audi , which it works fine , but you still need to get under it to get the oil filter out.Also should point out , this wont work on some domestics because the way they snake their dipsticks into the oil pan . Clear example is the Dodge Ram 04 . It comes with a tubing small enough to fit practically any car , but the dipstick on this truck snakes through to major curves so didnt work on that car.But I can say it will work for almost any import or german car.Dixit
 I purchased this to change oil in my 2003 BMW 3 series sedan . If you have ever changed oil for a 3 series you will know how difficult it is to go underneath the car , remove the plastic cover & remove the drain bolt . Oh & all this AFTER you have raised the front wheels . With the Mityvac , all this is eliminated & you can complete the entire oil change in 20 mins without ever having to go under the car.My only gripe was that this being a `` fluid extractor '' the hoses provided were too short . I had to place the extractor on the engine for the hose to reach all the way down the oil stick tube .
 This oil extractor saves a ton of time . It sucks the entire 3.5 quarts out of my Prius in about 3 to 5 minutes . I know that it 's getting nearly everything out of the pan because I put 3.5 quarts back in , and that brings the level right to the full line . You still have to change the filter , but I can catch the drips from that in a gladware container instead of a huge oil pan ! If you have a European-style canister filter mounted on top of the engine , you 're even better off!I have had no problems with leaks , and the vacuum is very strong . You only have to pump the air out once to drain the entire pan.If I were buying one again , I would get the model that allows you to pump fluids back out . Tipping the evacuator to fill containers for recycling can be messy , unless you 're very careful . If you 're buying this in order to save yourself a hassle , consider the reversible MityVac model :-RRB- .
 I bought this to change oil on a Mercedes C230 as it is recommended per the manufacturer to change oil from the top as opposed to traditional oil changes from the pan . The product works well and creates suction instantly once you have the tube down the dipstick into the crankcase . I found that the tube was not long enough for the reservoir to sit on the ground with the tube inserted so I had to use a stool to rest it on while I pumped and drained the oil . It was certainly different than what I 'm used to but very effective and less potential mess than a normal oil change . After you are done the pour spout is great for draining into containers for recycling used oil . I have not taken off the top to clean the inside as I was in a rush , but I do n't see that being any more difficult the operation of the device .
 Wonderful product . Efficient , clean , well made . Needed to change oil in the city -LRB- usually do that at my country home -RRB- . Could n't get beneath vehicle in the street . Did n't want to go to a shop for this . So , for the price of an oil change I purchased this product . It works 100 % fine . What really impressed me was the speed of operation . Job took a few minutes of time and the cleanliness of operation . Barely , if at all , did a drop of oil hit the ground . I do NOT use synthetic oil ... rather ... I use the old fashioned type on my vehicle . I 've read some places that synthetic oil conflicts with the seals of this product . However , I wonder if that 's really so . However , I would , as a word of caution , recheck this . Otherwise I am very , very pleased .
 I use this to extract oil from my Mercedes E320.It works great . I have used it about 3 times . I read somewhere not to leave synthetic oil in it after use as it may degrade the seals . So I rinse it by running some degreaser through it after use . It works great so far . I had a Topsider clone before that quit working so I think this is a better device .
 Works as advertised . Made changing the oil clean and quick . Make sure you have room to store the dipstick tubes , as they can get ungainly .
 I picked one of these up to change the oil on my BMW . I needed something low mess that I could work with without lifting the car and figured this fit the bill so I could take care of an oil change in my apartment complex without dealing with the crotchety whiners that live there too.The piece is solid so I was pretty confident it was going to accomplish its mission . The only thing that surprised me is how stiff the hoses are - thinking about how much vacuum the device must generate to pull oil through , they probably need to be in order to keep from collapsing but I was n't thinking about that when I purchased . They are plenty flexible enough to string over your car 's fender for an oil change but they return to the shape they were packed in upon disassembly . Wanting to store both ends of the hosing up , so as not to drip oil in the packaging -LRB- I did n't bother trying to clean them out ... did n't care to pour oil , even that little bit , onto the ground -RRB- , it took a tiny bit of effort to get them in the box . Next time through , I 'll get some plugs for the hoses so I feel a little better about storage.The pump worked exactly as expected . It took a few dozen pumps to get everything started and it continued to draw oil without any input from me while I changed the oil filter on the car . Once the fluid was low enough that I was n't getting a full-hose worth of oil out of the sump , I had to pump a lot more to try to get as much of the old fluid as possible.It 's not the speediest solution ever but it does n't take any longer than lifting the car , draining , etc. and I did n't mind having some time to work with the filter while the pump did its business.Cleanup was simple
 This is a time , grime and back saver ! I was able to change the engine oil on my E38 BMW in 30 minutes without jacking the car up and crawling underneath -LRB- the oil filter is replaceable from the upper engine compartment -RRB- . I read the previous reviews and it looks like the manufacturer has listened to the complaints and fixed the problems :1 . The tubes are sturdier and do n't soften and collapse when the oil is at normal engine operating temperature2 . No leaks with full synthetic oil3 . The tube tip is cut at an angle so it does n't `` cling '' to the oil pan bottomThis is one of those `` why did n't I do this earlier ? '' buys !
 I bought this because Mercedes recommends extracting oil using a vacuum pump & thought that if it 's good enough for my Mercedes it must be good enough for my other vehicles . The pump comes with several sizes of vacuum hoses to fit different sizes of oil dipstick tubes . It does a good job of pulling the oil out of the engine if the oil is warm . It saves crawling under the car to remove the plug and catch the old oil & also saves wear and tear on the drain plug . Some of my cars have filters accessible from the top and it completely eliminates the need to crawl under the car to change oil on them . I do occasionally drain oil the conventional way to check the magnetic drain plugs for metal filings , etc. . I have found a couple cars where the pump did n't work well because of the bends made by the dipstick tube . You also need to `` play '' with the depth of the pump tube in the dipstick tube to remove all the oil without going so deep that the pump tube curls up in the crankcase . Pump is constructed well and I also use it for pulling fluids from motorcycles , lawnmowers , differentials , etc. . It works great for me changing vehicle oil most of the time , but there are occasional exceptions on vehicles with oddly routed dipstick tubes . Be aware that it works better on some vehicles than on others . Overall , I 'm very happy with it .
 I had no problems with evacuating fluids with this tool , unlike some of the other posts i read , i do n't use it for sucking out engine oil , the dipstick tube is too tiny to route the long hose in . i used it for sucking out old winshield washer fluid . i also bought the brake bleed accesories kit to vacuum bleed my brakes . i have n't actually bled my brakes with this tool yet but i hooked it up and put it in a big bucket of water and it sucked out the water pretty fast . it holds a surprising amount of vacuum and the suction is better than i expected on this thing . For $ 68 and free shipping i got no complaints .
 to do maintenance on your own cars or as a little hobby on the side . this tool is very easy to operate and very handy to use . easy to transport .
 Mityvac 7400 fluid evacuator helped me pump the oil out of the engine in my SeaRay boat . It is very well designed and did the job with no problems .
 I have tried this on two cars , an Izusu Rodeo V ^ and a Honda CR-V 4 cylinder . It worked great on the Honda , sucking all of the oil out of the engine . On theIsuzu , it got all but about 1 quart of oil out . This is probably due to the Isuzu engine having a oil sump that I do n't think even the dipstick reads , sort of a reserve tank . I still have yet to try it on my original intended target a Mercruiser I/O 4 cylinder , but I expect it will work well.You could probably change your oil without this , but it sure is nice when you pull the oil pan nut to check if there is any oil left and you do n't get hot oil running down your arm and drop the nut in the collection pan and have to fish it out . It is also really nice to have the used oil contained and less likely to get dumped out .
 I bought this to change oil on my 2003 MB C230 . It worked well and save me major bucks by changing oil myself .
 The Mityvac 7400 Fluid Extractor works fine . I have not used it for oil changes yet . I did use it when I had to work on my yard sprinkler system . I worked on the underground valve compartment . The compartment was flooded and the 7400 worked just fine with geting the water out . I was afraid that purchasing the big Mytivac was the wrong move but now I am glad I got the 7.3 liter model . It has 3 sizes of plastic hose and it was made for oil changes . I could have used a bigger hose for water extraction .
 There was no way to reach the drain plug on the boat engine . this did the job through the dipstick in about 15 minutes once setup . pumped the handle about every 15 sec . and at the end you can hear and see air bubbles through the line when finishing . nice also to be able to see the oil extracted through the canister .
 Mityvac 7400 functioned better than expected for removing transmission fluid and power steering fluid from vehicles . I would give 5 stars , but still have to pump it .
 I purchased the Mityvac to bleed the hydrolic systems in my Corvette . It works very well , I am very happy with the overall quality of the unit , there are no leaks or problems . It can make and sustain a surprising amount of vacuum , I have had it over 25 in . If it came with a vacuum gauge , I would have rated it 5 stars , you will want to get one to go along with this unit for bleeding clutch master cylinders , etc. . I would recommend this unit to anyone . RB
 I bought the pump and used it right away to drain transmission fluid first and engine oil afterwards.It works great .
 Found this product extremely useful . I use it to change oil on an E320 and works great . Highly recommended for people that own european vehicles .
 4 stars as it worked . Will give the fifth star if it proves durable over time . Better than going to the dealer . Used on 2005 Mercedes e320 cdi .
 The Mityvac 7400 is a full 7.3 liter evacuator that I use to change the oil in my car -LRB- 2006 Jetta TDI -RRB- . I use it to suck the oil through the dip stick tube and it works wonderfully even with 5w40 oil.I used to use another brand 's little green evacuator which would require me to kneel and pump approximately 45 times to get enough suction . The 7400 is a standing system and I can get the same suction with about 10-15 strokes of the handle.Wonderful product , every garage should have one !
 No more draining of the oil pan from under the car . Great suction power . Also used it for replacing steering and brake fluids .
 I was going to buy another battery powered unit , but I 'm glad I chose this , works great . definitely a 5 star
 This really works to change oil the easy way . I do have some concerns about getting all the oil out but it seems to be working great and start to finish on my VW TDI took 15 minutes .
 Pays for itself quick . I use it to change my new vehicles old that has a top changing oil filter . just change the filter first so all the oil drops down and then put in and suck the oil out . Some people have complained about problems with the oil -LRB- synthetic -RRB- ruining the seals . Have n't had a problem . But after using and thoroughly draining also clean it out with some hot soapy water a couple times so the old oil is n't sitting on the seals . Local shop wanted $ 65/synthetic oil change and this lets me do it for $ 30 . Pays off quick and is easy and painless to use . Highly recommended . Would n't use on an older vehicle that might have more crude in the oil pan but the newer vehicles should n't have much problems with crude in them .
 Nice product which simplifies your life and makes changing oil much less messy . It is fairly straightforward to get it going and start pumping out oil in no time . Cleaning this up is not so easy though.Top part is not easily removable , so I used some degreaser to spray insides and rinse off . Cleaning up those hoses is not easy too and I would much rather prefer a one time use hose solution.Be careful pushing the hose inside your engine too hard . I changed oil on my Mercedes without any issues , but when I used it on my wife 's Subaru small hose banded and got stuck inside the engine . I pulled it out after jerking and pulling for about 20min , but that scared me a lot .
 used it on to change the oil in my boat . THe oil was cold . I pumped it up and left it for the night . The next day it was all sucked out .
 The Mityvac arrived quickly and in perfect condition ; item was as described by the seller . I have only had one opportunity to use the Mityvac ; that was to drain the oil from my walk behind lawnmower . In the past I had to turn the mower over on it 's side to drain the oil which always made some sort of mess either with spilled oil or just the clean up afterward . With the Mityvac I inserted the hose through the mower 's oil fill tube , gave the Mityvac a couple of pumps and the oil started to drain . The draining process only took a couple of minutes and a few additional pumps . What more can I saw than that it worked slick ; no mess and done with the oil change withn 15 mintes . Ca n't wait to try it on one of the vehicles .
 changed engine oil on my equinox . just make sure it will work on your type of car . other wise it will give you pain like one of my friends . when it works , it is super cool . not a single drop of oil on the floor .
 I used this item to bleed brakes and change oil . Bleeding brakes was easy , but changing oil was a little frustrating as I pushed the dipstick tube too far in . However , once I got the `` touch '' right the oil change went extremely fast and clean . Perhaps if the dipstick tube was more rigid , this would be more fool-proof .
 I wish that I had found this years ago because it is a whole lot easier and cleaner than crawling underneath the truck , etc. . I was surprised when I saw that Mercedes Benz suggested a fluid evacuation system for doing oil changes on my SLK320 . But I started reading reviews and people were raving about this system . I guess I am adding my voice to that chorus . Ive never had an oil change go so easily and so fast and my car holds almost twice as much oil as most . You stick the hose down the dipstick tube and pump the handle a few times to get the oil to start flowing . I had to pump it a few more times but the entire process only took about 20 minutes . I highly recommend the Mityvac 7400 .
 so far works as advertised . No issue with suction as noted with other posters . Only used once for oil but I found an unexpected use for removing water that collected in a hard to reach place in my basement . Worked like a charm . Not to say I have done the easiest oil chang that I have ever done in 35 years of playing around with cars etc. . Thanks to Amazon and Mityvac for the quick shipping .
 I 've used this Mityvac twice so far on my Mercedes to change the oil and it has worked flawlessly both times , though it is pretty slow , but that 's expected .
 I used it on my old 2000 RX300 with few problems . Most of the oil got sucked out with the hose provided . Since I did n't measure exactly how much oil I have in the engine , I was n't sure how much was left over . My guess is probably very little . But I do n't see this to be a problem as I change my oil every 5K miles.One complaint I have is the cap -LRB- where you poor out the oil -RRB- . Instead of unscrewing it , I had to use a screw driver to pry it out . I hope this does n't create a problem the more I do this.Update : Its been almost 2 years since I owned it . Its still working like a charm . It saves me a lot of effort and time when it comes to changing the oil .
 Worked on my '08 Mercedes S550 but , wish the volume of the container was just a tad bigger . My oil change takes 11 qts . so , I have to empty and drain again . Used it to drain Power Steering resevoir on a FordExplorer also . Worked like a charm . I drain the oil semi-warm due , to the hoses being plastic and one reviewer saying the hose collapses when the oil is drained hot . Worked for me .
 I bought this because the oil pan in my van got stripped but leaks no oil . I did n't want to hassle with putting on a new pan or using an oversized plug so I purchased this to suck out the oil thru the dipstick . It works great and I think I get out more oil and crud that sits in the bottom of the pan than draining thru the pan drain hole . I also have to crawl under the car only once ... to change the oil filter . I will be using this on all my oil changes . I 'm very pleased with this and it seems to be built quite well ... it should last ! One NOTE
 I did my first oil change on my Mercedes 230SLK . It 's so easy with the extractor . The only con isyou have to run some solvent through the hoses andreservoir after the change and that adds to the timedevoted to the job . It 's a well made piece of gearand looks like it will last a long , long time .
 Very well made . It works good at extracting differential , transmission and brake fluid . I use a separate end hose that I attach for brke fluid only . This way I do not contaminate the brake fluid with any left over tetrolium products on the hose .
 I 've had Several of these Fluid Evacuator for changing my oil . This is by far the best I have ever used . All the others had thin plastic bottles that when the vacumn was applied to them they just collapsed . It takes maybe 30 to 40 pumps to get 4 to 5 quarts of oil out of the crankcase but it 's better than laying on the cold floor of my garage . Most filters can now be changed from above the hood . I give this unit 5 STARSMityvac 7400 7.3 Liter Fluid Evacuator
 This is the most amazing product.Got it for my inboard oil changes and will now use it for much more.Simple , clean , and easy to use !
 Excellent product . Stick in the hole where the oil dipstick goes and suck out all the oil . Change filter and then replace oil as normal . That 's it . No mess . No getting under the car and risking striping to oil plug . I 've been using my friends mityvac for years . He finally told me to stop being cheap and go and get my own . At $ 59 with free shipping this is the best deal around . You wont be sorry .
 Works good . a little slow , probably because the suction hose is very small in order to fit in the dipstick tube . It took about 20 minutes to drain 4 1/2 Quarts of oil . Flushing after use is a bit of a bother , also where do you store about 8 ' of plastic hose that is dripping oil and degreaser ?
 I have done Oil change for many years the old fashion way . . Man what a different . I do n't have to set up any ramp , jack the car up or crawl under the car any more , -LRB- maybe with the exceptions of changing the oil filter of the cars that has the filter underneath -RRB- . But my German make car 's filter are up on top so it is that much easier I just pop the hood and a few pump later and it is done . The only thing is that I still have to do is get under the car to get the oil filter out . ... Overall this products got me to change my oil on my 4 vehicles . . in less 2 hours including a small clean up and change tube for different vehicle .
 Hi , I am by no means a handyman . I was a bit worry how difficult this tool may be after I ordered it . I bought it to change motor oil for my BMW 525i . It took around 10 minutes to drain all the motor oil with only about 10 pumps ! Altogether it took me around 25 minutes to do the whole job , amazing ! I highly recommend this one .
 I use this on my Waverunner for oil removal . Works like a charm . I Never spill a drop ! And as for me thats a miracle . :-RRB- Well designed .
 Works great ! I ordered this item to change the oil in my wife 's new Volvo and avoid the hassle of having to crawl under the car -LRB- it has a top mounted oil filter -RRB- . The Mityvac arrived promptly with no damage ; the directions were well written ; and within an hour I was changing oil . About 5 pumps removed half the oil and another 5 pumps finished the process . The unit is simple but very well made and a genuine bargain at Amazon 's price -LRB- with free shipping -RRB- . The dealer wanted $ 150 for the 15K service . I completed the job in 30 minutes and barely got my hands dirty . Thanks Amazon !
 It drained out more oil from my car than pulling the drain plug underneath , I would definitely recommended to people doing their own oil change since it eliminates the hassle of getting underneath and made the oil change job a easy 30 min job . Built quality of this item is OK , not bad considering it 's not that expansive , the price is pretty reasonable for what you receive .
 I bought this because I 've never changed my own oil , but thought it would be a much easier place to start than climbing under the car ... funny how it worked out.I tried the pump first on my 2002 Mustang -- NO DICE WHATSOEVER . No matter what I tried , I could NOT get any of the tubes deep enough to suck out ANY oil . I ended up changing the oil UNDER THE CAR . UGH . I did use the pump afterwards to suck up the used oil from my oil pan , and it worked quite well.I then tried it on my 1966 Ford Ranchero , and had every drop out within less than 2 minutes . Compared to the under-car method , WOW . This thing works like a charm . From oil pan to Mityvac to empty oil container and off to recycle.As I said , I 'd never changed my oil either way before -- and having now done both , I 've got to say if this device fits your car , it 's incredibly useful . Four stars , even though it was unusable on my Mustang -- since it can only work for cars with a correctly shaped dipstick tube , I ca n't fault it for that .
 I do n't normally write reviews , but I have to say , after having received this product and using it a number of times to change the oil in the family cars , it is an absolute pleasure to use . As long as you change the oil when the oil is HOT -LRB- normal operating temperature -RRB- , it evacuates every ounce of oil -LRB- which I checked by pulling the drain plug -RRB- in minutes . It only takes me three to four pumps to create the vacuum and for the oil to start flowing and possibly five minutes tops to have it all out of a six cylinder engine . Clean-up is a breeze and the pour spout works great . Just a good , quality product that works just as described .
 I am very impressed by this product . The key is to use it after the engine is hot , but you have to be careful around hot parts -LRB- and FYI I 'm not liable for any injury -RRB- . Do n't worry about the hose melting ; I stuck it all the way down in the crankshaft and it was fine . The oil was drained in about 5 minutes , and got all of it out as far as I could tell -LRB- I ended up re-adding a full 4.5 quarts , which is the indicated capacity of my engine -RRB- . There is no way I could have done this safely -LRB- i.e. at this oil temperature -RRB- by draining from the oil pan the old way -LRB- i.e. without a fluid evacuator -RRB- . It 's still a messy job , but much less so with this device . One of the best purchases I ever made !
 I used the Mityvac 7400 to change oil in my 2003 BMW 330i and my 2007 Volvo S40 2.4 . Flawless . Did n't spill a drop ! My wife was even amazed . Takes about 5-10 minutes to extract the oil . 10-20 pumps at the start , 10-20 more about halfway through , 5-6 more at the end for good measure . In the long run , I think it does n't save much time , but there is hardly any effort.If your car 's oil filter is on top of the engine compartment -LRB- i.e. BMW , Mercedes , Volvo , Mini , etc. -RRB- , you should change your own oil and use one of these . I can not believe how great it works . I tried it with 2 gallons of water from a jug , I sucked up the 1st gallon in less than a minute . Same thing with the 2nd gallon except it shutoff near the end , just as it should have because it has a float inside to keep you from over filling the canister -LRB- 7.3 L / 1.9 gal capacity -RRB- . I 'm sure it will take a little longer with my engine oil . I will update my review when I change my oil later this week.Also , some have suggested that the tubing is too short . Nonsense ! There is one tube that attaches to the canister , and you connect one of the two remaining tubes -LRB- select the largest one that will fit down your dipstick tube -RRB- to the first tube . It 's plenty enough tubing once connected.Moreover , the instructions were good enough for anyone with a little wits about them.Lastly , a few people saw `` cracks '' in the housing lid around the screws ? I work in injection molding plastics for years , and those are not cracks . Those groves are intentionally molded there to help hold the screw heads tight .
 This thing does exactly what it says it does . I use it to change the oil in a large marine diesel motor.I sometimes wish it evacuated the fluid a little faster ... but the bottom line is that it works and it makes oil changes easier . -LRB- And easier oil changes means that I will do it more often/regularly ... so yeah ... this was an overall good investment . -RRB-
 Very pleased with the Mityvac 's performance . Used it to change the oil on my boat . Smallest tube fit down the dipstick tube perfectly -LRB- Mercruiser Inboard -RRB- and it took about 20-25 minutes to get 4.75 quarts out . My engine holds 5 . It was still sucking oil out at the end very slowly but I had to pump it constantly to get the last few ounces out and stopped . It has good suction and you can actually hear it working . Took the Mityvac to a free household hazardous waste drop-off site and they emptied it for me and gave it back ! Cleaned it with solvent as stated in instructions so we 'll see about it not working the next time I go to use it as some other reviews have said . Overall I am very happy with the purchase and would recommend the Mityvac to anyone pondering the idea of doing their own oil changes . It works ! I will update my review once I pull it out again to use to say if it worked or if the seals have failed . HAPPY BOATING !
 works as advertised . the quality is only ok , for this price i expected a bit more . but that is ok . it does what i need . the tubing is a bit shot for some vehicles . the marking of the fluid measurement on the side is not accurate .
 This is my 2nd purchase of this product . It is the absolute best way to change oil in a houseboat , or any other engine that does n't have easy access to gravity drain!P.S . My 1st unit was stolen # @ *** ! +
 I have used these in a shop atmosphere before and it worked great . Had no problems with product at all and love to use it when I can . Use it for sucking out transmission fluid out of pan so I dont make such a mess with changing a filter . Now friends with boats and pwc 's want to use if for changing oil . The only thing bad that I noticed is that the hoses they give you may not be long enough sometimes , easily fixable with some rubber hose and some nylon air line .
 The quality is good.Pumping action works fine . It starts pulling the fluid out after couple of pumps . -LRB- Make sure you first run the engine for about 3-4 minutes to warm-up the oil -RRB- . You have to attach extension-hose to the main hose then main hose to the top of cylinder . Emptying is a little tricky , you got ta pull the adaptor piece out and empty from top . Overall it works fine . Do n't lose the tubes after job is done , put all back in the box .
 I keep finding more uses for the Mityvac Fluid Evacuator . It works great on all of them . The only negative is that the hoses are a little short . However similar tubing is available at home improvement stores and easily replaced . I would appreciate a plug to prevent spills when I am transporting it .
 Purchased mine new from Amazon about four years ago . I use it on my 2003 BMW 330i and 1967 Austin Mini Cooper . I have had no problems with the unit . Excellent performance . I can pump up the unit , then go inside while it does it 's job . I leave it for about 30 minutes , which gets virtually all the oil out of the pan . I finish by hand pumping the last few minutes so that it `` gurgles '' until the dregs of the oil are pumped out .
 This Fluid recovery tool is awsome . What a time saver , no need to hunt up the right tool for draining crankcase oil.Just one simple step and your done . The suction does all the work and is easy to discard the waste fluids too . I also used it to change oil in my harley , no more laying on the floor to unhitch the drain line and fight with the plug . . Never before has changing oil been so easy . I highly recomend yjis to all D.I.Y ` RS
 My husband has a black Chrysler 300 and he loves this product . It is not sold in stores under this same name but this item works.In the stores this item is called - Mist and Wipe Quik Detailer or Gold Class Quick Detailer . But if you do a search on amazon - another item by Maguiars with the Quik Detailer name well also appear . But it is NOT WHAT you get in your local stores . It is a totally different item . So if you want the item from your local walmart , track auto , etc. then yo uare ordering the FINAL INPECTION.I know that is ridiculous and confusing but another poster on here saved me from ordering the wrong item . You spray this item on the car and wipe with a cloth , preferably microfiber . Also buying the 16 oz for 9.99 does not make sense when you can get a gallon on here for 25.00 dollars .
 I own my own detailing business and use this product exclusively for three purposes . 1 . As a clay lubricant for paint contamination removal and 2 . Putting the finishing touch on vehicles that are freshly painted and/or have had recent body work . I love the fact that it 's body shop safe , and 3 . Prepping my polishing pads . Otherwise , for anything else I use Meguiars synthetic spray detailer that wipes off even easier and has the added benefit of putting a protective `` film '' over the vehicle . Another great product by Meguiars .
 This product is an excellent value ! You save when you buy in bulk , as everyone knows , so once you have used the 16 oz spray bottle , buy this to refill it ! It 's great as a lubricant or that final touch after/between waxing !
 First started using this when I was compounding my old car , It is great for a pad lubricant , great for a final detailer and does a good job on chrome . Its big plus is it is paint safe , meaning you can use it where you will be painting without having to use special cleaners to remove it first .
 This gallon is more than enough product to maintain a waxed car after wash , always bring a spray bottle full with you & microfiber to dry & buff after a touchless wash , or hand was if you are n't waxing that day . Deep gloss & no streaks !
 I have been using this product on my vehicles for years , and have found none better . Does a fantastic job of touching up vehicles between washes and waxing . The gallon container is a great value -LRB- just discovered it this past week -RRB- , as the 16 oz . spray bottles are quite pricey .
 Perfect for a quick cleanup when you do n't want to wash the entire car .
 I looked everywhere on and offline for a dash cover or mat or carpet for my Moms car . Dash mat is a product I have used and purchased in the past . I was happy with the Dash Mat I purchased this time as far as quality of the product . I was disappointed that everywhere I turned I could not get a color picture of the actual color of the Dash Mat I get that maybe there were only a couple of colors and I think a couple might look good either way . None the less because I was n't shown a full bill of goods so to speak I have to deduct 1 star for not giving all the info . The product Dash Mat is an awesome product otherwise as it cools your dash off and keeps even dust fom being a big problem but the biggie is the lowering of solar radiation through the windshield . As a resident of Arizona I can appreciate even a few degrees lowered temp on a110 degree day .
 I looked everywhere on and offline for a dash cover or mat or carpet for my Moms car . Dash mat is a product I have used and purchased in the past . I was happy with the Dash Mat I purchased this time as far as quality of the product . I was disappointed that everywhere I turned I could not get a color picture of the actual color of the Dash Mat I get that maybe there were only a couple of colors and I think a couple might look good either way . None the less because I was n't shown a full bill of goods so to speak I have to deduct 1 star for not giving all the info . The product Dash Mat is an awesome product otherwise as it cools your dash off and keeps even dust fom being a big problem but the biggie is the lowering of solar radiation through the windshield . As a resident of Arizona I can appreciate even a few degrees lowered temp on a110 degree day .
 Very nice looking , jewelry quality BMW M series logo keychain with heavy chrome plate and a hologram like carbon fibre insert . Perfect gift item for M owner or enthusiast .
 Here are some comments directly from him : Real carbon fiber and nice colors on the / / M emblem . . and it stands out in a set of keys ... I love the keychain since it turns out to be the exact emblem off my car ... it goes well .
 I got mine at the dealership yesterday . My M3 key fits perfectly on the key chain . It honestly is n't going to hold a lot of keys . In fact , I just keep my M3 key on it and that 's it . I do n't want to make my awesome key chain look cheesy with more keys . The carbon fiber even moves with the light , which made it all the more cooler . Keep it plain and simple . It 's classier that way .
 nice look . seems sturdy steel but light . nice emblem . no real purpose except for looks . brother in law likes it .
 The dealer I bought my 2013 M5 from was kind enough to send me home with nothing but a key ring with no BMW logo or M logo keychain . Classy huh?I looked on Amazon and found this cool looking keychain and ordered it . Quality is really good and it fits perfect with my new M5 . Much better than the plain ring the dealer left me with
 Perfect and high quality just like the car it represents . Perfectly happy with the entire purchase . Can not think of ant issues at all .
 The key chain is a little small , but looks great . Just remember if it has a `` M '' on it , be prepared to pay double . A regular BMW key-chain 10.00 , put a `` M '' on it , and it 's 20.00 . Ha Ha Ha . I guess they figure if you can afford that car , you should pay more for everything . An oil change on a M3 is $ 300.00 ! Enjoy this nice key-chain . You know you want it ...
 The key chain is a bit small for my taste , but it 's good looking -LRB- see my photo on product page -RRB- . I guess for a $ 30 key chain I was expecting more heft , but it will definitely do the job . It is very lightweight and the durability has me concerned - hopefully its ' build quality will put my worries to rest . The key chain has a pretty cool 3d/holographic quality to it -LRB- you can check my 9 second video clip here
 I was afraid the keychain was going to be a bit too big but when it came in the mail it was the perfect size ! I love it and my boyfriend who owns an m3 loves it . We 're both happy . It came in a box so that was nice , I did n't have to wrap it up and the shipping was fast !
 This order was processed so that I received it when promised and was exactly what I expected . I will buy from again !
 Great product and got a good deal on it from ridersneeds . I have already used it about 8-10 times and it works great . 5 out of 5 . My only complaint is the gauge was not at zero when I received the item . -LRB- gauge was reading at 2PSI -RRB- This does not effect the performance of the item , works great !!! Quick shipping too !
 I just finished installing these seat covers in my son 's '98 Toyota Tacoma . Exceptional fit , very hight quality material , and easy installation . They look like factory-installed seat covers .
 I 've had a Thule roof rack system for over 20yrs . I needed these longer load bars to support 2 kayaks on my F250 . It 's nice to see that Thule 's high quality has not changed in over 20 years .
 Everything fits right.the price was good . Now I can carry both my canoe and my mountain bike when we go camping with no problems
 I bought this for my 1995 240sx because I did n't like how the sun reflected off the shiny dash into my eyes . For that , it was a great improvement . It would have been better if the fibers were matte black instead of glossy black . The fit was decent and presentable - certainly better than anything homemade . I was satisfied with the purchase .
 I had the typical pitman arm removal problem . I tried every trick in the book from sledge hammers , fork wedge , gear pullers , etc. . . I also broke 2 of the typical style pitman arm pullers . I ordered this thing and it is truly a beast . I can not imagine this thing breaking.It is well made . I installed it and ran my impact gun until the impact did not spin any more ... at all . Then I broke out the 3ft breaker bar . I could barely move it . I then put a 6ft ! cheater bar on the end of the breaker bar and kept torquing it down . The pitman arm slid right off after a few more turns.Measurements
 This is a great pitman arm puller at a great price . Much better than those cheesy pullers that break easily . This puller can also be used to pull bearings if you know what you are doing . This unit is IDENTICAL to the snap-on puller that costs about $ 150 . I own this unit and another mechanic at work owns the snap-on unit . Side by side there is NO difference ! According to my local tool truck OTC makes them for snap-on and puts on their logo . Make sure you use anti-sieze on the threads and it will work and last much longer .
 After breaking two cheaper pullers while trying to take the pitman arm off my jeep I bought this puller . It worked very well .
 After seeing a snap on unit that looks completely identical , I decided to get this one at almost a third of the price off the Snap On truck . It works great . It 's little bulky for tight situations where a regular puller would work better , but it makes up for it in brute pulling power . The threads in mine were tapped a little crooked , which makes the tapered part not completely centered when threaded all the way down , but it in no way diminshes the usefulness of the tool . Overall , I am very satisfied with this purchase and would recommend it to a friend . I ca n't for certain say this is the same unit as a Snap On , but it appears to look the same , and for the price , it can not be beat . I 'd give it 5 stars if the threads were straight , but I 'm just being picky .
 Like its brother , this thing is an animal . Heavy duty , industrial strength and gets the job done without any fuss
 This is a heavy duty pitman arm remover . Had to turn wheel all the way to the left , to slip puller over pitman arm , tightened it up and two minutes later arm removed . Well built .
 Fantastic pitman puller !!! Pulled a really really tight pitman arm that previously broke a 2 arm Stanley puller . Also this one is only 5mm at the base so can fit a small gap between the pitman arm and steering box where others ca n't . Did my research and everyone recommended the expensive snap-on puller , this one is very similar and worked well . Great value , highly recommended . Also hard to get in Australia but I simply ordered it online at Amazon and delivered to Sydney in 1 week .
 Once I committed to replacing the pitman arm on my 05 GMC Sierra Crew Cab I started doing some research on pitman puller and found many nightmare stories about using standard pitman pullers . I read good things about this type puller and ordered it in . Once I got the pitman arm in position I slipped this on ran the impact wrench for about 15 seconds and it popped right off . Worth every penny !
 Actually used this to separate a center link joint from the pitman arm . All my other pullers/separators failed . The 8150 did the job . This is a heavy duty tool that can handle heavy duty use .
 I bought this puller because the above reviewer promised it would fit about a 3 '' diameter pitman arm end . It does n't . Would n't fit on my 2.76 '' arm until I took about 0.050 '' off . I still give the puller a good rating because there just does n't seem to be anything bigger available . OTC has some 2-jaw models , but their photos show what looks like pretty puny hooks on the jaws , and some writers have mentioned breaking these , so I wanted the conical style . Mine looked to be made pretty well - no misalignment of the threads like another reviewer found . Once I got it on the arm with some anti-seize and used a little heat , it worked great . It would deserve a top rating if OTC could just tell the customer some dimensions instead of vague descriptions like `` designed for light trucks '' . So here 's my take
 Well-made tool ; rugged and very strong . I used it to pull the pitman arm off a Jeep Grand Cherokee , and it probably took 400 ft/lbs of torque to get the arm loose . No other puller could have taken that much force . You ca n't go wrong with OTC tools .
 I used the puller to pull the arm off a saginaw power steering box on a jeep wrangler . It was a tough one , and I had bought and tried a two fixed arm type puller from carquest which had a problem with the arms spreading and bending . The otc 8150 did bulge a bit and lost one thread before the arm came loose . But it worked . You will need a good 3/4 inch drive socket wrench and a long pipe on the handle .
 This product was shipped overnight even though I asked for free shipping and the product worked like a charm .
 Ordered for my husband and son . Very pleased of quality of product for the price . Would reccommend it to others .
 I have tried several other brands of caps . Stickers came off , finish was junk or they just did not fit properly . These caps are well made . Finish is bright and sturdy .
 This bleeder bag gets the job done . I ca n't help but think of a Capri Sun when I use it though.I used it last night to install new brake lines and then bleed the brakes on my 2002 R6 . Held all the fluid with plenty of space to go .
 I spent the better part of last weekend installing new brake lines and bleeding the brakes on my car . I managed to grab some Russel speed bleeders to make it an easy , one person job , and needed a nice clean way to store and dispose of the brake fluid . This bag comes with everything you need , a bag , a long tube , and a nipple . Simply connect the tube to the brake bleeder screw , with the other end going to the bag , and proceed with your normal bleeding procedure . The bag stored about a full liter of brake fluid . No mess on the floor , no leaking from the bag , easy as pie !
 I used this product to bleed my motorcycle breaks . It does the job , it makes a messy job clean . But I needed a friend to help me out since I needed someone to pump the breaks and turn the brake bleeder valve on and off in synch .
 its a essential part of a brake fluid change , and reusable , used with the speed bleeders , u dont have a big mess to clean up afterwards !
 i purchase it for a CBR600RR-2007 and didnt fit the nut to adjust it , i had to cut it but now is ok.this is for competition , is not very functional i think , but the bike looks great
 The description does n't really give much information about the RV-7542 . It is a 12V DC recessed wall mount power supply for any Winegard amplified antenna . It provides power to the antenna and allows you to switch between the antenna or a satellite dish -LRB- or cable television -RRB- with a press of the black button.I purchased a Winegard 360 HD -LRB- MS-2002 -RRB- amplified antenna for my camping trailer . The antenna comes with a 120VAC power supply but I needed to operate the antenna on 12VDC . The RV-7542 worked perfectly . At one particular location that I camp at regularly , I am lucky to receive one station and have to mess with the rabbit ears on my television to get a watchable picture , sometimes without success . With the MS-2002 and the RV-7542 12VDC supply I now reliably get 21 digital channels at the same location with no fuss . I 'm a happy camper .
 I replaced a cheap China unit that was manufactured in poor quality . I got much better signal and more channels .
 This is a box of 25 quality aluminum gaskets . Will be enough for another 188k on my RAV4 . I do changes every 7.5 k with synthetic oil . The price is low -LRB- $ 0.55 per pc -RRB- considering that one bagged gasket -LRB- 095-143 .1 -RRB- costs $ 5.64 at Amazon .
 BEING `` DASHMAT '' BRAND THE COVER WAS AS EXPECTED . GOOD QUALITY AND FIT WELL . THE ONLY COMPLAINT I COULD MAKE WOULD BE THE VELCRO STRAPS WOULD NOT STICK TOGETHER . I DO N'T KNOW IF THEY WERE OLD OR DEFECTIVE . I HAD TO BUY NEW STRIPS .
 I installed these lights on my 2010 Polaris 850XP . The installation was straight forward , the kit comes with all you need for wiring the lights.It also comes with metal brackets for mounting the lights to a round tube bumper or brush gaurd.I did not have either on my ATV so I custom made my light mounts.The wiring kit is the reason for the 4 stars , the lights are great but for my taste I would like to see a weather/water proof inline fuse holder and a power relay in the kit.Unprotected metal terminals on the fuse and wire ends will corrode after continued exposer to water/mud and washing which will cause problemswith good power connections down the road to the lights.I put heat shrink on the wire terminals and added a power relay anda marine grade inline fuse holder.The lights are a spot pencil beam and for only 35 watts they are bright , and project a good distance in front on my quad.If money was n't a issue I would have went with low amp draw LED lights.But for the money , these lights are GREAT.Plus the fact I have submerege them at least 4 times crossing a stream and have had them on my quad now forabout 2 months and they work flawlessly.Also I like the fact that the light itself is not real thick , so it mount nicely against my quad without protruding out in front of it.Function and fashionable .
 kc lites work well with my avt and winch.pretty easy set up , works good in cold weather like alaska .
 I bought this distributor cap for my Datsun 510 . I 've been driving this car for 30 years so I am very familiar with its parts . I generally prefer to use parts from the original equipment manufacturers and knowing which companies those are I can often find them from sources other than the dealer . Sometimes an aftermarket part is even better than the original and that is the case with this distributor cap from Airtex . The original part was made by Hitachi . The Airtex cap is molded to exactly the same shape and the plastic feels to be the same quality as original . Where the Airtex cap is better than the original cap is the contacts . The contacts on the Airtex cap are about twice the size of those on the original cap.I 've been running a Pertronix pickup and coil for well over 15 years and almost never need to do a tuneup other than to adjust my valves every few years . The car was starting to run a little rough so I ran a can of parts cleaner through the carb and cleaned my old plugs . Then it ran worse so I decided to throw some parts at the car . I bought the cap and rotor on Amazon and some plugs locally . One of the old plugs looked like it had n't been firing when I compared it to the others , so I may not have properly fitted the spark wire to that one . I have wires with deep and thick silicone boots and sometimes trapped air can make it difficult to get the terminal to seat on the plug . I 've actually had to use a paperclip to ` burp ' the boot at times . Anyway after the new-parts tuneup my car is running better than it has in a long time.I also bought the Airtex rotor and I have to say I prefer the original equipment rotor to the Airtex . Where the rotor fits over the distributor cam the original part has a broader metal insert and the fit on the original makes it much easier to tell if you are trying to install the rotor 180 degrees off .
 I installed these light on my 2009 Polaris Ranger , the front bumper already had the mounting holes pre drilled.So it was a pretty simple installation , the only thing I did different was to install a power relay from the battery to the lights and have the included toggle switch activate the relay and let the battery positive feed power to the lights.With the included wiring kit you are suppose to go from the battery to the the toggle switch back out to the lights.I have found when installing aux . lighting your lights are brighter and there is less load on the toggle switch -LRB- the supplied toggle switch is the cheaper version switch -RRB- . The wiring kit is the only reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 . The lights are great and seem to be made well and I have already put them through some abuse with water/mud power washing , repeat.On a week long Elk hunt in my home state of Colorado.We do not camp in the wilderness we live so close to the spot where we hunt we drive back and forth everyday.However from where we unload out ATV 'S / SIDE BY SIDES it is a full two hour drive in to our hunting spots.Its dark when we leave in the morning and dark when we comeout.Our driving speed is slow to moderate so the lights add the perfect amount of extra lighting at the right amount of distance in front my Ranger which makes navigating rocks/streams/ruts / fallen trees a breeze.Overall for a 35 watt flood ATV light I think they are a greart addition to the factory lights.Not bright enough in my opinoin tobe your primary driving lights but a great addition to , for slow to moderate speed driving .
 Great tool for the price . You offer the product cheaper thanks or same price as parts store but , your tool kit has more items . The parts east one back orders better , well still received it in a courteous manner .
 I have used K&N filters in all of my cars over the last 10 + years . I highly recommend them - from performance to durability - they are a great value .
 worked like a charm . only thing i didnt like about it is that its grey in color and not black like pictured
 I 've always preferred K&N products as they tend to fully test their products before releasing them . The filter wrap is no different . I bought this in conjunction with a K&N filter kit for my '94 F350 . I was concerned with the filter being open in the engine compartment -LRB- not enclosed in a box -RRB- and potential water fouling . I drive this truck through heavy snow accumulations and related water runoff/puddles . I 've had no issues with water fouling and the filter wrap appears to shed water off and keep the filter dry .
 This bag is wonderful . It was hard to find a bag to fit my 17in laptop . I ordered 3 other bags that said they fit up to a 17in and had to send them all back . They did n't even come close . This bag , not only fits my laptop perfectly , it has tons of storage for notepads and other belongings without being bulky . I would recommend this bag to everyone . It 's also a very professional bag , very attractive .
 Bought the bag for my daughter for her laptop , alot of handy pockets and she takes it everywhere with her , alittle expensive but well worth it .
 this thing has many pockets i sometimes forget what 's where lol i love the look too , once you start filling it though it starts to get a lil heavy but i balance it out and i 'm fine . i take it everywhere i may need my puter and get many compliments on it .
 This product works as advertised . Note that this type of compression tester is a little more difficult to use than the `` press to snug fit '' type , which must be forcibly held against the spark plug opening by one person while someone else cranks the engine over . This tester is a screw-in type which is what I specifically wanted . It takes longer to get a reading from each individual spark plug obviously , but has the advantage of being a one man operation and I think you get a more accurate reading . It has worked well for me .
 The remote works fine but the instructions were wrong . I had to go on the internet for the proper program instruction .
 shine great , fairly easy installation , would be nice if there was a guard over the glass .
 It fits the filter very well and easy to apply ; simply just wear it on the filter , that 's it . My previous car has its intake sucked water in during raining days , which costed a fortune to fix . Thus I think this product in some degree will protect the filter from sucking the water in , better than nothing .
 This is a great product , does n't restrict the air flow by much , it cleans off easily , and is easily removed . . also keeps filter dry because its water repellant . Kinda of spendy though ... at over $ 30
 This is one of those &#34; specialized tools &#34; that actually works like it is supposed to . It is heavy duty . I was happy that I bought it after using it .
 This tool made it mutch easier to remove and replace the hinge pin bushings on my chevy truck . Highly recommended to make the job easier.If you are going to do this job , I also recommend purchasing the spring compressor . I tried the zip tie method to compress the spring , and it did not work well for me ; the zip ties kept failing and it was difficult.I used a 1/4 '' ratchet extension to hammer out the pins -LRB- fits well on the end of the pin without slipping off -RRB- , but in afterthought would recommend the steck tool for pin removal if you can spare the extra money . It is not necessary , but would probably make the job easier .
 worked great , threaded right into the O2 sensor bung and helped me diagnose a clogged catalytic converter without having to take it completely apart . pegged the gauge and did n't seem to damage it.I was a little worried about the hose , but it held up really well . But as the instructions say , you should not leave the engine running for very long.great tool for a great price .
 Works great . The fitting fit right in one of my O2 sensor holes . Very simple to use .
 This item is not as good as the high-end competing product that has a steel braided hose and heavy duty gauge . I think you would want the steel braided product if you used this for an auto repair or muffler shop . But I just needed it to test my personal cars , so I wanted something that is decent quality to be used maybe once or twice . This product worked great for that purpose . I was a little worried about the `` rubber '' hose -LRB- instead of steel braid -RRB- , thinking it would quickly melt if it touched anything hot . But the rubber used is a very high quality . Almost like coolant hoses -LRB- without the nylon braid inside though -RRB- . So you can use it in a hot engine compartment no problem . As long as you do n't directly hold the hose up to a red hot exhaust manifold or something like that , it is fine . The gauge and dial are decent quality , not the best in the world , but definitely decent enough to get the job done , and seem to read fairly accurately . Later , I even went over to a friend at a muffler shop . He checked the pressure with his professional gauge , and this cheap gauge was right on the money on the psi reading compared to his professional gauge.Again , this gauge is perfect for the weekend mechanic that works on cars , and is careful handling tools . But for a auto repair shop , professional mechanic , or muffler shop , this gauge would probably fail or be destroyed after a few months . In that case , get the other brand with steel braided hose and heavy duty gauge -LRB- but that one costs 2-3 times as much as this model -RRB- .
 Has worked more than a couple times for me . Even if it breaks the next time it would be worth getting another . Cant beat the price .
 Looks really good also it worked really good also for the price you cant beat that tool you must have
 Went to a local mechanic and was told my car had 2 bad catalytic converters , The car was then taken to a Mazda dealer who said only one converter was bad . Both mechanics said they looked at the converters no one did a back pressure test , want it done right do it yourself . Tester is well made and worked fine .
 This is a nice soft pad . It is very furry looking , not nice looking , but it does its job and pads quite nicely .
 I 've had this bag for about a month now and I love it!So far I 've used it to carry my school books , a few groceries and I 've tried out the waterproof cover as well.It is very sturdy and the rain cover kept everything dry.It sure is nice to be able to carry stuff around on the motorcyle . I think it looks quite nice in the back versus the out-of-place look of the typical tank bag.Edit
 I use the top part a lot when I travel -LRB- tooth brush and sundries . The bottom piece I like to use when I need to carry stuff I buy at the store .
 fast shiiping . it fits right on my Hummer . im happy with the product . i just wish it was customized with the H2 logo .
 i bought this to go up the dusty mtn rds so far so good easly removable and washable
 I bought the AirLift 60769 spring kit for my 2008 Chevrolet Tahoe Z71 . My prior vehicle had automatic leveling suspension so I figured this would be a good substitute . The air springs work great . I 've had over a 1000 lbs of block in the rear of the Tahoe and remained level with just 20 lbs pressure in the springs . I can now tow my 3600 pound camping trailer with 400-500 lbs of toung weight -LRB- cargo deck -RRB- and a full payload in the car with no sag and improved handling . I did not puchase a pump , guages , etc. . I used only what is provided in the kit and increase pressure when needed via a garage compressor . My only issue was the installation . I would consider myself a `` wrencher '' and have little apprehension taking on automotive maintainence or accessorizing . There was no way to complete the install as directed . My model required cutting a 1 inch hole in the rubber grommet at the top of the spring to allow for clearance once the bag was in place . Completing that without removing the spring was quite challenging . The instructions called for placing the bags inside the springs then adding spacers and connecting the air hoses . For my Tahoe , this was an impossibility . There was no way that I could reach or even see the bag nipple connection once inside the springs . I attached hoses and clamps , and placed the spacer on the top of the bag before threading it into the springs . This meant that I had to be a little more carful threading the bag in ; keeping the bag deflated until inside the spring was also a bit more challenging . In the end , it all worked out . I would say I spent 3-4 hours total including all hose installation/routing . For me , a few more model specific notes or hints would have made for a less challenging install but then that 's half the fun right ? All in all - very satisfied .
 Hello , Purchased this product after reccomendations from my RV dealer and numerous online reviews giving this product the thumbs up . I was very happy with the system I purchased . The Air Lift 1000 and the Wireless Air system , both purchased through Amazon , Both came within a timely manner very well packaged and in good order . I had the products proffessionally installed by a local mechanic , No problems reported on his part . The system worked very well for our trip to Fla. until we hit the 500 mile mark and the wireless controller reported a failure to the air system . I immdiately felt a difference in ride while towing our 28 ' travel trailer . I tow it with an '04 Suburban . At the next rest area an inspection of the passenger side air bag revealed a 4 '' split on the inboard side of the bag in the middle . The roadway was clear and dry the whole way down and I did not hit anything while driving . We were able to complete our trip , just towing was a bit harsh without the system activated . Upon my return home I contacted Air Lift inc. and spoke to a very nice representative who immediately sent out a replacement air bag for me . Although he did not reccommend the Wireless Air system for the Air Lift 1000 . He stated that the sales person should not have reccommended it , I then advised him that I did not deal with a sales person and that I took the reccommendation of his web site which did not warn against using the Wireless Air system with the Air Lift 1000 . At this point he said that they were working to rectify this on the website but that the Wirless Air system was not reccommended . From what I understand from our converstation , the maximum PSI for the bags is 35 PSI so , I guess with a load , the air bags can get above 35 PSI causing a failure . I was advised that the Wirless Air system was OK to use with the Air Lift 1000 , it was just that it was not reccommended by the manufacturer . I can only assume that when the air bag calls for air to stay at a preset PSI -LRB- 5 15 or 25 -RRB- that the load along with the compressor can send the PSI above 35 thereby causing the problem . Just make sure you monitor the air pressure though , after all the instructions say to level the vehicle using the airbag when the load in attached to your vehicle -LRB- which I did -RRB- but when you get moving down the road just beware that when you hit a bump that the bounce is going to increase the pressure even more in the bags , so I am not sure if you should level the vehicle or you should stay at a lower PSI so that you dont overload the PSI and rupture the bags ? Kind of confusing ? Unless they are saying you have to constantly monitor the bags ? Thats not real convienient without the Wireless Air system monitor , which they do not reccommend . But what ever , I was happy with my purchase other than spending more money than I originally had to , If they would have put the reccomendation on there web site I would have followed it , otherwise they should just put `` call us before you buy an airsytem '' and that would aleviate everything . An oversight on the Air Lift companies end . So if you are looking to purchase this system make sure you stay below 35 PSI in the bags or they will fail . That is what I was told , and that is what apparently happened to me , so I hope this helps you with your purchase .
 Product works good , just do n't over-inflate . Max . pressure 35-40 psi unlike the other airbags they sell . Helps level out SUV when pulling Toyhauler camper . Definitely worth the money to me .
 I purchased these for use on my 2006 Suburban . When I hooked my camper up without them , the rear end squatted pretty bad -LRB- 475 lbs tongue weight -RRB- . Read some reviews elsewhere about these , all were positive . They work great ! I put 20 psi in while towing , which was a bit stiff . No more squat though . However , I have 10 psi for everyday use and I do n't even notice them . I had a mechanic install them , as my floor jack could not lift the truck high enough and it is pretty tight quarters under there anyways . Took him about an hour . Well worth the money !
 Ignore the one hour to install statement . It 's not even close . I installed mine on a 2003 Suburban and needed to increase the upper rubber bushing hole by 1 inch , as mentioned by others and in the instruction . I installed mine in 30 degree weather and had a difficult time compacting the bags down to fit in the springs , so I left the rubber caps on the nipple to keep water out of the bags and let them soak in hot water for about 20 minutes , after which time I was able to compact them down very easily . Make sure you feed the airline through the top of the spring with the clamp already on it before you put the bag in the spring . It also helps to warm up the tubing a bit so it slides down on the barbed connector more easily . Also , when the air line is attached , blow into the tube to expand the bag and line everything up . I did n't cut the tubing prior to installation and instead , after running the tubing out of the way of the exhaust and using the cable ties , connected each end of the uncut tube to the bags . At that time , I determined where I wanted to put my &#34; tee &#34; and cut the line at that time , using the leftover tubing to run to the air inlet . Instead of drilling through a bumper or body panel , I located mine in the plastic shield that surrounds the gas fill . It 's protected from dirt , water and mud by the fuel door and is easy to access . I used it the next day , filling it to 20 lbs . PSI , to pick up my RV from the shop and it was amazing how nice and level it rode , as my RV has a 800 lb . tongue weight loaded and Suburbans are normally very softly sprung . After I dropped of the RV , I dropped the air back to 10 lbs . PSI so the bags keep their shape and I have my normal ride back . I totally recommend this to anyone just looking to level out from a heavy tongue weight , but do n't expect do get it done in one hour . I took about 3 , but could probably do it in 2 hours if I had to again .
 I purchased this about 5 months ago for an 09 Ram 1500 with rear coils . I have towed a 27 ' and a 30 ' RV using the bags and they work great . With the rear coils the back end of the truck was very low even with the weight dist hitch . Adding these brings the rear end up and makes towing a lot easier . The install was easy for me . You do not need to take the coil off on the Dodge . I just jacked the truck up by the frame so the spring extended , took the tire off and was able to push the bag into the spring . Probably took me two hours start to finish for both sides . I would definately recommend . I have been towing with them inflated to 25lbs and I leave them at 15 for normal driving to stiffen the rear .
 It takes longer then 1 hour to install it but over all it 's not to bad . I am glad i install them in my 2007 suburben . The ride is like night and day .
 This product should be mandatory for suburban / tahoe owners trying to tow anywhere near max capacity.Porpoising is gone , truck is level , handling is much improved.Decreases pucker factor when 18 wheelers blow by you.Installation took longer than an hour -LCB- but I could do one in about 1.5 now -RCB- , but is basic and easy.Not much detail in instructions , but if you cant figure out how to take out lower shock bolts and sway bar bolts then you might need to farm this job out.Once bolts are out , detach abs wire from frame and let axle down.Coil springs will fall out at that point.Stick in bags and cut hole in isolater , route air lines and you are done with the single best towing improvement you can make to a suburban
 I have had these on my truck for over 6 months and they make a huge difference ! I pull trailers with my Yukon and have a truck vault that takes up te back of my truck . The vault weighs about 600 or 700 pounds while loaded and it was more than enough to make my truck squat in the back . These airbags have solved all of those problems !! Not to mention they increase the driveability of my vehicle , especially while pulling trailers ! These are light to medium duty however , do n't go thinking you can hook up to a bulldozer and get it done with these ... They would help but you need a more substantial air bag for huge items like that . Get you some of these ASAP !!
 I purchased these for a 1996 Mercury Grand Marquis which I use to tow a boat , and occasionally a car . These provided so much lift at full inflation , equalizing bars were not even necessary to pull a full size car behind mine . Installation took a total of about 45 minutes -LRB- most of that running the air lines -RRB- . Far easier than installation of air shocks . Hint
 This was a replacement kit for a rupturede bag . The origianl kit was installed by an off-road store . This kit worked great . Replacement/repair was easy . Good product .
 My husband and I purchased these airbags for our 2008 1/2 ton Chevy Surburban . We tow a 23 ' Toy Hauler and our rear end was really sagging low and we felt a lot of sway while towing.We ordered the airbags and my husband and dad installed them . We are so satisfied with the results !!! We do n't sag nearly as much and we do n't feel like we are being pushed all around the road like we did before -LRB- while towing -RRB- .5 Stars all the way !!!
 I actually purchased this airbag kit for a 2005 VW Golf -LRB- TDi -RRB- . After some research I found it would fit the rear springs on this vehicle -LRB- any MKIV VW , non-R32 -RRB- . I do occasional towing with my car . The car has plenty of power to tow what I need . I tow two different trailers , one is a two place snowmobile trailer and another is a popup camper with a total weight of about 1900 lbs . The airbags do a great job of leveling the rear end . In the past I would have the rear of the car sagging , which would also lift the front end , making traction hard to obtain on slick surfaces as well as point my headlights up . With the camper this became a problem because I had very little ground clearance on the back of the vehicle , and many times the hitch would scrape on dirt roads , etc.This kit does a great job of leveling the car , and giving me more clearance . Of course when I do not need the extra height , I deflate the airbags down to 5 psi .
 I had a hard time finding this product that would fit my vehicle . It was the perfect application , and I am very pleased with the quality and easy installation .
 Called Auto Ventshield they said that they did n't make any for my vehicle and did n't recommend any . I hung up and ordered the universal set that worked just fine . Seems to me the factory customer service department is alittle out of touch and could sell alot more it they would recommend the universal sill protectors .
 I installed it like a week ago and so far it is working perfect , shipping was really fast too and it was a good match for my Isuzu rodeo 1998 with a V6 engine .
 I 've had mine on an old daily-driver Cadillac for over ten years . They have seen lots of stress and have never leaked or failed in any way . Several years ago I let a tailpipe get too close to one of the bags and it burned a hole in it . Air Lift replaced the bag for free ! They are still going strong . Excellent product and company .
 These air bags work great once installed - but the installation is the catch ! Imagine trying to shove a soapy , slippery ripe bannana into a drinking straw . I did n't think I was going to get it but I finally did . Once you do the first one , you get the hang of it and the second one goes easier . But you 'd better have the hand strength of Sampson . On a scale of 1 - 10 , installation rates a 9 for difficulty if you 're doing it in your driveway , lying on your back . Make sure the neighborhood kids are out of earshot . Do yourself the favor - PAY someone to install them for you .
 This is a replacement product . It was exactly what we needed at a great price . Instructions were right on !
 Excellent product , removal and installation is not for the faint of heart but worth it . If you can get it done by someone else for $ 100 let them do it . If you are replacing a bag -LRB- they do wear out -RRB- buy the whole kit , less $ $ $ in the long run.m.t.e .
 This is the second set of Air Lifts I have installed on a Class A motor home . While the instructions are good , putting them into practice is n't quite so easy . I was able to roll them as instructed . When I inserted them they went pretty easily to the mid-point , where there is a ridge and this caused me problems for whatever the reason . Bu twisting , I eventually was able to get the bag all the way up . It is amazing how good they are and what support they can provide .
 Item works as good as the orginal ones did . Were easy to install but not as directions showed . I had to use wheel grease to coat them and they went in placed easy . The old ones were a bit harder to get out . Item was shipped quickly . The price on Amaxon was the loweset I found .
 Timely shipping , well packaged . Not the easiest to install item , but was able to get it completed . Used a piece of broomstick and a small floor jack to force the insertion through the hole in the lower a-arm . I am pleased with the performance of the installed product .
 I have used and installed Air Lift products for over 40 years . They are always a reliable , quality product with an excellent warranty.Buying from Amazon makes the purchasing process almost painless .
 Well the title sums it up well . The product is great and does exactly what it claims but hopefully I never have to install these things again . What a royal pain and that is a major understatment . Trying to shove a large rubber bag though a hole the size of a silver dollar is not easy . Trust me , you 'll curse and screem on more than one occasion but they will eventually go in . If you can , pay some fool to install them for you .
 I recently purchased a 1977 RV . It still had the factory Leaf Springs , and Coil springs -LRB- in the Front -RRB- on it , and rode really rough . Just before my first trip ... from San Diego to Vegas ... I had new Monroe Gas shocks put on . Lets say I was pretty disappointed . Did n't really notice ANY difference . TILL I PUT THESE BABIES ON !! The air lift 1000 -LRB- Front and 5000 -LRB- REAR -RRB- kits added stability on the turns , and it now rides like it 's only about 5-10 years old . HUGE DIFFERENCE !!! The only reason I 'm giving them 4 stars instead of 5 is it took about 5 or 6 HOURS to install the front and rear . Stuffing the bladder through a SMALL hole from under neath the linkage under the coil spring was A BEAR TO DO !! GOOD THING I `` D BEEN WORKING OUT !!! NO KIDDING !!!!
 Best price that I found on the web.The Amazon application guide did n't list my vehicle , I went to Air Lift web site and found part number then came back and ordered . They are a real pain to install but that is not the manufacturers fault . It is just a difficult product to install . It took me three hours and I have worked on heavy trucks for years and have the tools . You have to roll up the bag and stuff it through a 2 '' hole in the lower A-frame . The bags are 5 '' in diameter , it took a lot of soapy water and foul language . Had to cut old bags out with sawzall and knife , another PITA .
 A little harder to install than mentioned in product . Took 4 hours to get them both in . But they work like a charm and improved the front suspension on Motorhome . -LRB- Chevy P30 chasis , front suspension -RRB-
 It is advisable to get the best and this original , name brand product is the best . The ones available at the local auto stores are made in India and the filter media breaks down . This is the brand recommended by my car manufacturer and Amazon has it for the same price as the off brands . Amazon ROCKS ! My car now has 130,000 miles on it and still going strong due to taking care of it with the right products .
 BEING A WHEELCHAIR USER FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE , I JUST HAD THEM INSTALLED LAST WEEK AND HAS SAVED MY UNDER VEHICLE LIFT FROM BEING DESTROYED BY SPEED HUMPS AND POORLY DESIGNED ENTRY WAYS WHEN ENTERING AND LEAVING PARKING LOTS IN MY TRAVELS . IT HAS GIVEN ME AN ADDITIONAL 2-3 INCHES OF CLEARANCE IN THE FRONT OF MY VEHICLE . THE LAST SPEED HUMP COST ME AROUND $ 500 TO FIX MY VEHICLE . MY VEHICLE IS ALMOST 10 YEARS OLD AND SPRINGS MAY BE FATIQUED A LITTLE , BUT IT IS JUST TOO EXPENSIVE TO REPLACE THE ENTIRE VEHICLE AS A NEW ONE WOULD RUN IN EXCEED OF $ 70K TO HAVE A NEW BUILT JUST FOR ME .
 I could have installed the AIR LIFT kit in about 2 hrs . if the valve installed at the top of bag would n't have blown out when inflating to 30 psi . I went to the hardware store and purchased many spring clips like the ones included with kit for attaching air lines and put 2 on each valve . This seems to work o.k. for now . I emailed and called -LRB- Voice Mail -RRB- Air Lift about the problem and have not received a reply . That was 3 wks . ago so their customer service stinks if you need help with a defect . The bags work exactly like I had hoped by increasing spring rate -LRB- making front suspension stiffer -RRB- to carry extra weight when needed . I have a front receiver hitch I use with a cargo rack . When I loaded 300 lbs . on the front of my vehicle the stock suspension would bottom out on bumps / dips . With the air bags I can determine how stiff I want the suspension by psi + / - the vehicle will never bottom out again.If inflated to higher psi the bags will raise ride height 1-2 `` and can throw front end out of alignment . You must measure front bumper height to ground and be careful not to raise much higher than the stock factory height or you may cause irregular tire wear .1 yr . later UPDATE
 Great fit , easy installation . Makes important gauges visible but not distracting.I would not hesitate to purchase again.Great product .
 This is a direct replacement for the Mastercool gauge . The gauge works very well . The real benfit comes in the pricing . I replaced my old MC gauges because the lenses were all scratched and discolored . From the MC vendor the cost or replacing the lenses with shipping was more than buying a whole new gauge on Amazon .
 Dealer wanted waaay to much to install new filter . Found it on Amazon for a lot less . Perfect fit for my gf 's 2004 Lexus ES330 .
 Purolator filter fits my 2003 2.4 L Camry . It has a rubber gasket instead of the thick surrounding OEM paper/fabric gasket . Made in China , but it works and fits .
 How do you know if one air filter is better or worse than another ? No way to tell . It fits just like the OE part and Purolator has been in the filter business forever so I 'm confident it 's doing exactly what it 's supposed to do . At about 1/2 the price of a Toyota brand filter , it 's a bargain for the DIYer .
 I bought this air filter a long time ago knowing that I would need to replace it when I reached the certain milage on my 2010 Toyota Rav4 3.5 engine . I checked the `` Make sure this fits your vehicle '' section on the Amazon site which had this Purolator air filter . The results were `` yes , this does fit your vehicle '' Now a year later I go to replace the air filter and as soon as I pulled the old one out I knew that this filter would not fit , the old one was diamond shaped and this one is a rectangle not to mention a few inches longer . I know that I ca n't return it , it 's been too long but then again it only cost me a few dollars and it would cost me more to ship it back . I did n't rate this Purloator because I 'm sure it 's a good filter but I was given the wrong information from Amazon . So buyers beware .
 Product as described and shipped as expected . No problems with anything and everything was as expected . Thanks again for the item .
 Fits fine . not as pictured , has 1/3 the pleats.Is that a big deal ? It 's an air filter IMO.Price about the same as local discount auto chain .
 My technician had absolutely no trouble fitting this replacement balancer to my vehicle . It 's a quality part and hopefully will last the rest of the life of my car !
 This was a dorman Part that was priced better than most places . Being in the auto repair field , I do use dorman balances for a lot of applications . By far a better price than all my Part houses
 This harmonic balancer fits and work perfectly . I would normally buy the factory part from Nissan , but for the money and quality this item was a great choice .
 got part for 1/3 of the dealer cost and it worked perfect for my 97 infiniti i30t . Got part immediately
 The product exactly what is says it should do ; clean plastic . Much to my chagrin I bought it to restore plastic headlights on my car and it does not do that . I have used it on my car 's instrument panel cluster and on plastic sun glasses . It does a great job cleaning plastic .
 Meguiar 's # 18 is an excellent product . I use it on my airplane and motorcycle windshields . If there is a tough spot , use # 10 first ... And , if you have plastic covers on headlights ... try it there , also . And no , I am not a salesman . I just love the product !
 Tried this on my kids car navigation screen that was severely marred . This detailer had to use it a few times but it totally cleared the screen up .
 I replaced the pads on my 2001 Chevy Caviler coupe 2.2 L with these pads and I also replaced the rotors at the same time with a pair of Raybestos 56140 Advanced Technology Disc Brake Rotors . Both products are top notch . I had been using the Meineke SecureStop lifetime brakes before this . Even though I have only had these products on my car for a day , I recommend them highly . The pedal feel is much more firm and consistent , providing reliable braking at all speeds . Additionally , both sides were completed in under an hour and all the Raybestos parts went in flawlessly . I also had some trouble with the guy at my local Meineke store not bothering to look at the car when I brought it in for replacement parts . He only looked at the mileage and told me I was all set . I tend to drive hard so I was not confident in his lack of effort to help me . With the Raybestos parts , not only can I get things done myself but they are priced competitively as well . Napa , AutoZone and Advance Auto could not come close to the price of these produces through Amazon .
 Raybestos came through for me again . These pads were so easy to install , fit firmly on the calipers , and provide a very strong yet smooth stop . Braking is very quiet , and I get a very confident feel from the brake pedal with no skipping , slipping , or hesitation . Best brakes I 've ever had . *** Installation notes
 This is a great manual for my newly purchased Escort Wagon . It gives all the info you need to do almost any repair .
 I have several Harleys . One in particuler is a custom softail built for my wife using a sportster/buell 1200cc engine . I kept the original HD CV carb , and have toyed with it for over a year ; jetting and re-jetting , dynojet kit , tuning and re-tuning . I just could n't get it right . Lousy starting , poor idle , backfiring , popping , spitting ... I 'm convinced there was something wrong with the CV slide and diaphragm , but god knows what . Do n't tell me it was a vacuum leak . It was n't . I listened to several `` experts '' , and tried their suggestions . Nothing worked . Finally , I gave up and got the HSR42 easy kit and installed it in about 30 minutes . The end result was astounding . Right out of the box it was better tuned than the CV ever was . It starts easily , idles off the enricher in less than 30 seconds . There is a noticable increase in power throughout the rpm range . No popping , no backfiring and perfect idle . I could n't be happier with this carb , and would highly reccomrnd it to anyone wanting to solve their own CV carb mysteries .
 A great carb and easy to install . Bike run like a dream with the Mikuni installed , screaming eagle backing plate bolts right up too . Easy to tune . Love how my xl1200 runs now .
 I always had a good experience with products carrying Bosch name . Bosch electronics or hydraulic parts attached to my vehicles seem to last forever . I think that that the enduring quality of Bosch parts has not only to do with the quality of manufacturing but also with the way Bosch designs those parts .
 It done the job . would n't expect it to last for ever . It does work a run down pretty well with out taking the area around it down though .
 Wish I had bought one of these sooner , comma , If the paint gets too dry , you will have to sand the run off .
 I ordered the Steck nib file to correct some runs in the paint on a 56 Pontiac I was working on , mixed the paint a little thick and got a few runs . The file just takes off the paint in the runs and does n't take off the smooth part . The only down side is the file clogs up frequently and you have to blow it out or use a wire brush to get out the filed paint , but for its intended use it does the job so real complaints there . Great product !
 I WILL DEFINATLY DO BUSINESS WITH THIS SELLER !!! ITEMS CAME BRAND NEW AS ADVERTISED IORDERED ON THE 12th OF NOVEMBER -LRB- THURSDAY -RRB- AND RECIEVED IT ON THE 17th -LRB- TUESDAY -RRB- . I AM VERY IMPRESSED
 I purchased this cover for my '95 Nissan 300ZX and it fits like a custom-made glove . Easy to install and , when rolled , it stores compactly on the rear deck when not in use .
 Great prouduct . Fit my Chevy conversion van perfect , which has a huge dash.Excellent quality.Color matched perfect . I also have one for my Porsche and the Wifes ' Camry .
 Muy buen producto de muy buena calidad . Lo escogi por ser original Ac delco , el producto me gusta y lo uso para venderlo a mis clientes .
 Works perfectly in my 1994 Honda Accord ! Not much else to say other then its a oil filter and does the job .
 I researched oil filters for my Honda minivan and read some very detailed discussions and analysis from people who had gone into great depth , and the best one they found was the Bosch . I was able to find the one I needed here on Amazon . Works for me .
 Best oil filter for my application at an excellent price ! Nicely made . Always liked Bosch products . Using their Micro-edge wipers and Fusion spark plugs with splendid results .
 I used this because its better than fram . I 've personally done a few filter cut-aways and this is exactly the same as the K&N for my car , but cheaper . Metal bypass valves with silicone rubber seals compared to the KN flimsy valves . Not as good as the OEM Honda filter -LRB- better drain , more pleats -RRB- but not bad .
 I love the heavy-duty feel of this filter . Definitely replaced my Fram and my generic hyundai filters . On top of the feel , the price is spot on
 It 's an oil filter . A good one ! I worked for VW many years ago , and Bosch stuff is world-class quality.Change you oil every 3,000 miles - use a good filter like this one , and you 'll keep your car forever !
 Well what can i say , its an oil filter . Works great and is cheap . Used on a 2001 honda crv .
 Purchased this model based on recommendations and price . It installed easily and does the job . I will post more if there are any issues .
 Great ! I 've used this product more than ten times for my Honda accord which runs 500 miles per week . Driving is very soft up to oil changing point . You can feel the difference from other cheaper filters . I recommend this filter strongly ***** -LRB- with five stars -RRB- .
 These are the only filters I get now . I was able to get a better price buying in bulk or I would continue to buy it here .
 Came in 2 days , was $ 4 cheaper than the store product . Came in appropriate packaging . What can i say i liked it i hope that is 20words
 Bosch is a genuine GM part and very easy to replace in my 06 Colorado . Amazon was the cheapest place I could find what I was looking for with reliable service .
 My teak products have been treated & look beautiful . It appears this oil is keeping the products from cracking and giving them a luxurious sheen .
 Product was easy to apply , and after a month of outdoor weather , it is holding up well on my two benches .
 The teak oil is easy to apply and gives great protection from the elements . Also , leaves a beautiful finish making it look expensive .
 I purchased this product in order to properly seal and protect a new Teak bathroom/shower bench.the product itself works great and I am very satisfied with the results . however the process takes several days and you need sunshine in order for the wooden object that you 're protecting can sit in the sun while the oils penetrate the wood ... not always easy to get three straight days of sun if its not summer ... so logistically it was kind of a pain , but the overall results are SUPERB and I would do it again -LRB- in fact I WILL do it again -RRB- . The product also doubles as a cleaner and conditioner , so when my teak wood products need to be maintained , I will use it again for those purposes.overall , I would recommend this product , but I 'm curious to know if there are any products out there that are AS good and that involve less of a hassle to apply ...
 Purchased this to apply to our new hardwood outdoor bench . The description said it should be oiled . I knew Meguiar 's brand from my car use , so I picked this up from Amazon based on price and reviews.I ca n't be any happier with the results . The bench looked good after assembly , but a bit dull . After applying this once , it looks great . I 'm about to add another coat . I 'm excited to see what it will look like after three full coats . If one is any indication , it should be really nice.I ca n't comment on how this would fare in a marine environment on a boat or in a always wet one , like a shower . But on a bench in my front yard , it 's great .
 I used it on a ten year old table and it looks like new . It really freshened up the look on my patio .
 I used this on a table and benches made of Acacia that had weathered a bit . It was easy to apply and made the furniture look so much better . I will keep this on hand to use to re-fresh the furniture each year .
 Used on my outdoor furniture ... can take your greyished , weathered teak back to its golden days .
 Meguiar 's Gold Teak oil is fabulous . It is easy to apply . No mess and low odor.I simply poured some oil onto a terry cloth and just wiped on . It restored my Teak bench to a beautiful golden finish.It also dried pretty fast . You ca n't beat the quality and cost . I am quite happy with the product .
 I searched around for Teak Oil that could be purchased online and this was the best product and the best price . We have a teak outdoor patio set and although this product is for marine use , I knew it was qualified for the job .
 When I purchase the Meguiar 's Gold Teak Oil , I do not know how good it is , just thought of polishing my furniture.Soon after I applied it for the first time , I was really surprised on how good a job I did ... no , should be how good a job Meguiar 's Gold Teak Oil did.I would recommend to anyone , this product is good for both outdoor and indoor , apply multiple times -LRB- allow time to dry each layer -RRB- if wood surface is really dull . For maintenance , one layer should be sufficient .
 I purchased two chaise lounge chairs made of eucalyptus wood . I live in Florida where the sun is hot and constant . The Gold Teak oil has done a great job in preserving this wood . No fading . I will also re-apply at the end of the season , but I love the performance to-date .
 I use this on an outdoor table and chairs . I apply it when I get my furniture out of storage in the spring and again before packing it up in the fall , plus once or twice during the summertime.This is not a paint or varnish that only needs to be used once . It is oil that the wood absorbs . eventually the wood will start to dry out and you 'll have to re-apply the oil again to keep up the wood 's finish , otherwise the wood will start to weather faster.This bottle lasted me two years for one small table and two chairs . How long it lasts and how often you apply the oil will depend on the conditions you furniture is exposed to and how ` new ' you want to keep your furniture looking .
 Thought I would give this Meguiar 's Teak Oil a try as it was one of the most reasonably priced oils on the market . I 've used Meguiar 's automotive products for years and have always been satisfied with the results . Their teak oil is no exception ; a good product at a reasonable price . I will most likely purchase this product again .
 Bought this teak oil to restore several pieces of older teak furniture - it worked great for a fraction of the price that other oils cost . Simple to apply .
 Easy to use , and it leaves the teak looking awsome . I just put it on a lint free cloth , and let it do it 's work . I did the application this weekend , and it still looks good today .
 Although it appears to be geared to teak woodworking on boats , i bought this for use on maintaining golden color of teak deck tiles . Put two applications on so far , and tiles have continue to look new after 3 months in the sun and wet weather . Just wiped on with cloth , and have only gone through a quarter of the bottle for 100sf of tiles . Very good value .
 Great product . used it on a teak rocker that stays outside in full sun pretty much all summer . still looks great but i 'll probably apply at least 1 or 2 more coats before winter comes .
 We bought a mahogany table from Pottery Barn that is meant for the outdoors . While the table came with a beautiful finish , any solid wood table is vulnerable outside . This oil did an amazing job even on a reasonably new table . It added a glow to the table and made the surface far more water repellent . I ca n't speak to its restorative powers , but I can tell you our table looks better then new after its first summer of use .
 I used the oil 3 times in a row as instructed , with a day of sun between each . My teak bench looks great and withstanding the water of my shower daily with no problems .
 I bought this oil along with my Strathwood set , and it makes my pieces look wonderful ! Everything i 've used this oil on gets a deeper , richer color and a beautiful shine . I 've even used this oil on my balcony bannister and it worked wonders , not to mention the oil has a great smell , so my balcony has a wonderful `` woody '' scent . I 'm glad I used it on all of my Strathwood pieces , this oil makes the wood look so great . It 's a good oil , it has a great scent , it 's a good buy .
 This item works great for cleaning and protecting the shower seat that it was purchased for . Simple to use ! Would recomend to friends and family !
 I ca n't tell how grateful I am for this product . My husband and I received a beautiful mid-century teak table as a housewarming gift . Unfortunately , while juggling groceries and laundry , I spilled a puddle of stain remover -LRB- Shout -RRB- on it , which sat for about 10 minutes before I realized what I had done . The stain remover stripped right through the varnish and seeped into the wood , stripping the natural oil and leaving a large , weathered looking gray spot.I looked into restoring the table and received quotes between $ 1,000 and $ 1,700 -LRB- !!! -RRB- which we were n't going to do . Enter this teak oil ! After reading many detailed online discussions about refinishing teak , I decided to just buy this oil and see what happened . I figured the stain could n't get any worse . $ 10 and three treatments later , the table is restored ! My husband was floored . I still ca n't believe it . Now I just need to find the right varnish and it 'll be perfect again , though the absence of varnish is barely noticeable.That being said , the oil has a slight chemical smell that seems to fade quickly . Not a problem for treating a 12 '' diameter stain indoors , though it might be for treating an entire table.Otherwise , great stuff !!
 Does its job as advertised , one bottle was enough for a large round table and six chairs , they look as good as new . Great value . No complaints !
 These speakers are fantastic ! Great sound no static ! Two other people that came to my home actually have purchased them too .
 It is what it is . Teak oil . I used an entire bottle on my outdoor furniture . I highly recommend for teak furniture as it was my only application . Cheers .
 This is pretty impressive oil . I found it difficult to find locally which is why I ordered it online . We used it on all of our outdoor teak furniture and it immediately brought the color back to the original finish . It does have an odor so you have to be careful on using it on indoor furniture . This oil is very durable and lasts a long time if applied correctly .
 This teak oil does exactly what it is supposed to do - if you are unfamiliar with teak oil , be advised that it is not a varnish - it is an oil treatment that must be re-applied regularly to the wood . It is a beautiful protectant against drying out , but will not permanently change the color of the wood , and it is absorbed . I use it monthly on the teak flooring and benches of my shower and once or twice a year on my redwood outdoor furniture . I am delighted with the results .
 Meguiar 's Gold Teak Oil really made my beat up outdoor table look like new . I put on one coat so far and it looks like new . It takes 3 coats the bottle says , but it looks jut great ! I 'm going to keep a bottle in my cupboard at all times !!
 Awesome appearance to Teak furniture and easy to apply with a disposable rag . I use a foam brush , dipped in a jar of the oil , to get in between the slats of the teak furniture and into the hard to reach corners.Expect to spend 40 minutes per chair -LRB- it 's time consuming -RRB- and more than one bottle for the set I got . A second coating was required because my furniture was thirstyNew 9 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set - 94 '' Rectangle Table and 8 Stacking Arm Chairs -LSB- Model : ABb -RSB- I applied spar varnish -LRB- urethane -RRB- from Home Depot for the table and it looks pretty awesome . Make sure if you do a piece of furniture in spar varnish that you do the whole piece , otherwise you 'll get deformation / cracking as some sections get moisture and others do n't -LRB- fortunately learned that through reading , not first hand experience -RRB- .
 Made the outdoor furniture look great . I used about 1/4 of the bottle for a 6ft rectangle table and Six chairs .
 Used this product on my son 's swim platform on the back of his Master Craft . I was very satisfied with the results . I do n't think you 'll find a better price anywhere .
 Easy to install and fliplock system seems durable enough to hold up . Much better than the button down types . Fit is good . Look is good . Removable back brace is easy . Only the corners of the fliplock system are of concern . They did not seem to fit into the channel like the sides . But they do fold down and it does not appear to be a problem.I strongly recommend .
 This was a perfect fit and easy to install . Took a little long then it say -LRB- about 1 hour total -RRB- the bed cove was in the way on th sides had to take the t-handle off and use a wrench . It says you might have to trim your bed cover in the front if it comes over the top but did not have to it only left a small gap and that closed most of the way as i tightened it down . Cover pretty easy to install on rails would reccomend to anyone .
 I really like the oust fan refill and just like the citrus scent . I would definately recommend this refill . Well worth you money .
 Product was just as expected , arrived very timely and has worked great . I would not hesitate to order more of the same .
 Got this filter for my 2008 WRX . Almost as good as OEM but cheaper , it only costs $ 6.49 at O'Reilly . Surface area is greater than Mobil 1 filter , higher quality materials .
 Very Nice Filter . Works great . Same company as the Mobil 1 Filters . It can last pretty long without replacing it .
 I 've been using these filters since 2005 and never had a problem . i use full synthetic oil though and change my oil every 6k miles or once a year which every comes first . no problems at all .
 I found this to be great quality and less than the price at the local auto store . I plan to repurchase this item here .
 these fit my 2006 nissan 350z and 2006 kawasaki zx10r , they filter great and amazing low price from amazon !!! i buy them from time to time .
 These filters have always worked great on my car . Standard oil filter and have n't ever had a problem with it .
 If the size is what you need , I think anyone would be happy with this great mat . It is nice and thick . What a great buy .
 Bought this to replace the existing one with a crack . Fit perfectly - no problems . Much less expensive than a dealer/garage installed replacement .
 Rubber gets hard from motor heat . Changing this out is easy . Sure is worth the money . Wish I had done sooner
 Stock radiator . It 's a turd , and is bound to go kaput inside of 5 years . But for the price , it 's a good deal .
 seems to be the same quality as original Mazda part . the price was good . shipping was quick . fixed my old leaky slave cylinder .
 Pretty good quality material , it would be nice to have it in a little case , but sits fine in a tool box . Reasonably accurate and well made .
 I 'm happy with these brake pads.Direct replacement for factory pads.No issues installing , came with all the necessary hardware -LRB- anti-squeal shims -RRB- Stop as good as stock pads.Local stores did n't have them in stock , so I would have `` ordered '' them anyway .
 Amazon offered this high quality master cylinder rebuild kit for a 1 1/8 '' bore . Just like kits which I have used in the past 25 years ! Their quality is very consistent ! Highly recommended if you are rebuilding a GM power disc brake master .
 They are fixed to the valve well . Require lubricate when not in use for a relatively long time -LRB- 2 months or so -RRB- . They do not require much care .
 I needed to replace the couplers on my blue point gauges , original ones did not have the knobs , only snapped on . I like this style much better , good quality .
 This Robinair R134a manual replacement coupler set fits standard size lines and allows transfer of freon as it is designed to do
 This is exactly the same as the factory remote and takes about 2 minutes to set up . It 's nice because my last one , all of the pictures were wore off so you had to remember what the buttons were for . Now it 's a breeze ! Shipped very fast ans was worth every penny !
 This is a great OEM replacement KeyFOB for your Mustang , however , it seems like the batteries do n't last long on the remote when I bought it . That 's okay , just get a replacement battery and re-program it !
 purchased keyless entry for a 02 mustang gt and works perfect . easy set up , shipped fast . good seller would buy from them again .
 I have run these # 60069 heads for around 40,000 miles on my 428 CJ with a .530 '' lift Crane flat tappet solid lifter cam and stock 427 adjustable rockers , 10.2:1 cr . These are out of the box heads , no flaws found , and they performat least as well as my stock CJ heads . I use traditional McCord 6733 laminated steel gaskets , have had no problems . I removed the heads only for maintenance to clean carbon from the piston tops and coking from the back of the intake valves . The guides are like new and the springs are still in spec . I refinished the tip ends of the valves a very small amount , valve seats were still as new.These heads are going right back on the engine !
 I have not been able to buy this filter at retail auto parts stores any more . I was told that Bosch has discontinued this line of filters for a new line . But , they have n't yet published a part number for the equivalent filter in the new line -LRB- if there is one -RRB- . If your car uses this oil filter , this is a great price and you should stock up while they are still available . I just bought three of them .
 A Bosch filter cheaper than anything I could find at my local auto parts store . It works great on my E36 328i . Perfect !
 Work well for my 2006 ford gt . not mustang but ford supercar I also used special tool which I purchase from amazons
 Does what it does . If fit perfectly . Directions were spot on.I would give the air filter 5 stars if it had an arrow indicating air flow so I know that I do indeed have it installed correctly , but it did n't so it only get 's 4 stars .
 Good solid Nissan D21 brake shoes for around $ 3/shoe ; mine were made in Canada and were well designed . I hope they get these back in stock , but I bought two sets when I got the truck two years ago and just got around to putting on the first pair so I 'm good for the next five years or so .
 I ordered this turn signal after breaking my old one when dropped my 2002 Kawasaki Ninja 250R on its side . It fits like a glove with no installation issues . Great replacement product .
 It would not be fair to judge a company solely on a purchase of this item . It is an original replacement part and should not have been a challenge to get it to me . It was n't so I guess the service was excellent .
 I installed this on my 2004 Ninja 250 after I dropped it while parking . Whoops ! Lucky for me , this signal came in the mail and was easy to install.I recommend it - you ca n't tell the difference between my factory signal and this one .
 These were heavey and when I used my caliper it as exact . I recommend these as centric makes them solid !!
 I 've been running these heads about a year now . in my set up , they produce tons of power from 2400rpm to 5500 . engine build is as fallows : stroked 351w to 408 , 1.5 rod ratio , 10.5:1 compressioncrane 449601 roller cam , roller rockers.RPM air gap intake , 750cfm carb.shorty headers and dual 2.5 '' exhaust2400 stall on a c6 in an '82 Bronco with 35 's .
 THE BOSCH OXYGEN SENSOR 17243 DOES FIT 2005 545I WITH STANDARD TRANNY . SPECIFICS
 I could n't remove the screws on my licence plate and was at my wits end when I found this tool on Amazon.I had the screws off in minutes !!! The tool is designed for removing `` tamper proof '' screws and when I checked all the different web sites , I could n't find anything that looked like the tamper proof screws I had . Amazon came to the rescue once again.Amazon delivered the tool in record time too.Great tool to have in the tool box and excellent service from Amazon .
 Nothing fancy here -- it 's just a brake drum . Amazon 's prices beat everyone else . You just have to wait for shipping.Whenever you replace your brake drum you should also replace your inner and outer bearings and dust seal . You will also need grease for the new bearings . Many people will tell you to replace the axle nut and its cotter pin . New studs are handy . I also changed my brake hardware and shoes and adjuster . While everything is apart is a good time to check your parking brake.When you add up all those parts , rear brakes are surprisingly expensive . It 's a lot more than just $ 12 for new shoes . A complete job like this is more like $ 100 just for the parts for the two rear wheels . But when you are finished , your car will roll better , stop better , and be quieter while doing both .
 Does a very job at cutting down on glare and keeping the dash clean . The only small issue with it , is I had to add some extra Velcro when I installed it .
 In Florida , the inside of your car gets unbelievably hot when your windows are rolled up tight . Using the VentVisors and leaving the windows cracked a little makes a dramatic decrease in the heat inside . You can touch the steering wheel without getting burned , your groceries are n't cooked , the vinyl parts like your dashboard do n't dry up and crack , etc. . I had these on my previous car for years and when I got my new car I realized I could n't own a car in FL without them . This is a great product and highly recommend them . They 're a snap to install , even for this granny .
 The vent shades have peel and sick tape ; just press them on doors . Clean the door frame with the alcohol pads provided , and dry . The ac on my wife 's car went out , though she has a short trip to work , and not concerned about getting it fixed -LRB- $ 1,200 plus -RRB- . On rainy days she roll down the window slightly to get fresh air to prevent the window from fogging up . These shads prevent rain getting in . Additionally I read having these shades stops the likely hood of a bug flying in while driving . Also they are suppose to help with gas mileage ; roll down the windows a bit instead of using the ac . I do n't know how much of this is true , or how much gas you save , if any compared to using the ac . The shades look good . Cost about $ 60 with shipping .
 These helped cut down on wind noise and flow . Easy to install , no problems with going through car wash .
 I was hestitant to install these myself but I did it in about 5 minutes and they look great ! I have had these on 2 of my vehicles and they work great .
 Easy to install , keeps the rain from hitting window controls when opened a little bit . Had no problem installing it . Love this product and will continue to purchase them with every car I get . My last set broke on my old car -LRB- they were on over 12 years -RRB- and they replaced them for free !
 This is a wonderful product . I use vent shades on all my vechicles . It lets the heat out and keeps the rain out . I live in Las Vegas and heat gain in a parked auto can be a big problem , but this product helps to reduce the heat . Also this product is easy to install .
 Looks good and it works great in the rain . Would definitly recommend this product . Bet price you will find anywhere .
 I give this product a rating of 100 % I live where there is snow and ice and neither has any adverse effect on this product .
 i bought these for my 08 rav4 , it fits perfectly and its durable . keeps the car cooler , when its parked outside in the sun . no issues .
 this item does exactly what I need it to do
 I put this pod mount in my truck and it is pretty decent . It is n't really great with the new gauge hold downs because they are large plastic pieces that you ca n't fit in the pod . If you use the old method of putting a rubberband around the gauge , it works great though . You may also have to trim the mounting studs down a bit to get the far right gauge to fit.This thing fits into place very well , and outside of the mounting , it is perfect for function . The fit/look of it is a bit ugly if you do n't have the black Superduty logo in your windshield . Just put in some black cloth or live with the slightly less `` clean '' appearance of the window side . Still looks good , just not show quality.It is very easy to install , and get the gauges in/wired . I really had no trouble with fitting all the wires or hiding them in the roof liner . Install took 10 min just to get it in place -LRB- deciding on how centered it should be lol -RRB- , and 10-20 min routing the wires and putting the gauges in -LRB- including soldering/crimping of connections -RRB- . Long story short ... This is a great pod that fits well , bit may need a bit of fitting . It also looks good , but may need a little extra if you are really picky . Also has a very easy install , and can go in with gauges -LRB- assuming wires are run already -RRB- in under an 30 min .
 I got this set for my 2006 RL which uses the brembo style calipers and rotors , which simply means Acura wanted $ 650 for just parts , and after labor it would have cost me just under $ 1000 for a full brake job.I got Akibono pads , and these rotors , works great , no squeaks , no excessive dusting , and the rotor hats are nice and black , I will deff buy this brand rotor again .
 Springs fit good and look great on my 1992 Mustang GT . The front was dropped more than advertised ; about 1.25 to 1.5 '' drop total . There is a distinctive rake from front to rear as the rear springs only lower about 3/4 '' total . They ride good and make the car look fantastic . My 245-50-16 's now fill up the wheel wells .
 I installed these Ford Racing springs in my Mustang to replace the H&R race springs that were in it when I bought the car . These lowered the car slightly over the stock height , do away with the nose dive when braking , and provide a nice comfortable ride -- not harsh like the H&R s. Oh , and they 're not so short that you 'll have problems clearing speed bumps and entering driveways . These springs are great for a daily driver .
 These chrome handles are well made , but are only plastic and just stick over your existing handles . . At first i was going to send them back , because they are expensive . . But glad i kept them so far !! ... this is the best way to add some chrome and the easiest way . . Dont take the chance and buy the cheaper handles , BECAUSE you will kmow the difference right away . . PUTCO is the way to go , and i had mine on for 5 months now and they look good . . just make sure you stick them on good , you dont want to lose one piece . . and this is a 8 piece set . . P.S CHECK THE KEYHOLE WITH THE KEY before sticking it on , in my case i stuck on the handle first and them my factory key was to wide to fit in the hole to unlock the door . . as long as your remote door look is working , NO problem , but if it died and the factory alarm is set i can push my key in an unlock the car . . some people make the whole a littel bigger before sticking the handle on . .
 Someone had ordered this and returned . I saved about $ 30 and I am all about savings . It works great and really reduces the glare . Kind of wished I got Dark Grey instead of Black because my interior is Grey but it works just great .
 fit like a glove and protects your invertion / queda como un guante y proteje tu inversion.looks great if match wiht the color of the car
 I looked and looked for a way to install a 5/8-Inch -11 cup brush on my air grinder , I bought the M10 by 1.50 and the M10 by 1.25 adapters and non worked . Finally I stumbled across the magic 3/8 '' X 24 to 5/8-Inch -11 adapter and got it done.I had even bought a new high dollar Porter Cable air grinder that had to be returned because I could not find this adapter nor did I know they even made this . -LRB- THE MFG . ALSO DID NOT KNOW -RRB- So if you have a tool that has a strange thread different from all the rest !!!! Most likely this is what you need , to get the very common 5/8-Inch -11 grinding wheels and cup brushes to fit.Buy with confidence.RagenRat
 i liked that this was heavier guage than the cheapest replacement tank available and was made in Canada and not China -LRB- i am willing to pay a little more for a country with manufacturing pollution control ... -RRB- Tank fit my 1989 Mazda 323 hatchback just fine , no tinkering needed .
 Excellent product . I am very happy with this . The starter is working as advertised . The warranty is excellent . I would recommend everyone to try this starter over other brands .
 My mom is into collecting M&M stuff and she also loves to put little decorations in and on her candy red car . As soon as she opened this gift she was already planning on where each one would go . A good value and they were bigger than I had expected .
 My son collects any and everything M & M , so when I saw these Antenna toppers I knew I just had to get them for his car . They are larger than I thought they would be , which was a nice surprise , the colors are so bright and the expressions are just to cute . Also , on the package it showed how they not only can be put on the antenna , but also hung from the rear view mirror , or set on the dashboard . So , if the fourth one is set in the rear window , then all four can be displayed at once . I really thought this was a great set .
 this was a great little pump for the money , i am very happy with it . . and buy the oil , you need to change it after each use ... you can see how cloudy it gets after just 30 minutes use .
 This product works great ! , it is strong.I use it to clean my wax applicators in my esthetic shop . I love it ! I will order it again soon ! .
 Tough towels wo n't shred when cleaning and lubing my road bike drive train . Big box seems as though it may last me years . Great value .
 Useful and well-built CD holder . Has stood up moderately well for the few months I 've had it . The CD pockets have stretched a little with holding 2 + CD 's in each pocket , but still hold discs securely . Very Simple design .
 doesnt take up any room at all . fits perfect on my 98 cr-v 's visor . cd 's dont slip out and seem well protected and the mesh holder is nice for my cosco card , etc :-RRB- good deal for what i needed .
 Great for holding CD 's in the car . Much needed and does n't fall off ! Christmas present well done and happy ! Might get another !
 The card holder , pen holder , and ten slots are great ! I find that the mesh pocket really is n't a good place to put change , as it 's hard to get out . But I like the look , and am sure I 'll find something to place there . If you 're looking for a sleek visor organizer , this is it . Sturdy , protects the cds . I thought it wouldnt fit on my smaller visor , but it fits great !
 I 've always had problems with my CDs flying all over the place or getting scratched in my vehicle . This thing is great . Now I can keep my CDs organized and in a proper spot . It 's safer than having to look all over for it in tougher spots . In this case , it easily attaches right on your sun visor.You can put cards , bills , change , and whatever you desire along with the CDs !
 I bought this item to retain my CD 's and does an exccellent job ! On top of that it has convinient slots to carry I.D.s or Drivers License . This item is Excellent and I would reccomend it to anyone looking for a CD holder with some extras . Not just that , but the price is very reasonable .
 Some customers have said that discs tend to fall out of this disc organizer . I have n't found that to be a problem , but perhaps its pockets will become looser over time . For now , I find it easy to insert and remove discs while I 'm driving . It makes me grateful I did n't spend the extra $ 1,500 that a multidisc player would have cost in my new Camry .
 This is exactly what we were looking for and the extra pockets were a great feature for this product . I would recommend .
 This visor organizer is straight forward , simple , effective , well made and inexpensive . It is 13 &#34; long by 6 &#34; wide , black , with 10 cd slots . It also has a couple of small pockets sized for credit or business cards . Simply slips over the visor keeping cds handy and safe . It fits flat against the visor so it does n't block your vision .
 I drive a Pontiac G6 and this thing fits fine on my small visor.I ca n't really complain , it holds my CDs well and it does n't look bad doing it .
 Looks just like the original . Fits perfectly and you can not beat the price . Would reccommend this product to anyone needing a replacement .
 fit my stock fog housing with minor cutting . very clean and very very bright with a good cut off as not to blind others . good price since oem fog lights -LRB- which are not projectors -RRB- were around the same price from the stealership . this is a project for the diys but well worth it . bulb and mounting screws are included . 5 of 5
 The light arrived promptly , given it had a long way to come , and it was well packed to prevent any damage . If this unit is what you need , then this is a good way to buy it
 LeBra Tonneau 93-84017-01 ; Fliplock Top Mount Tonneau Bed CoverReceived very fast only one problem two of the screw quick locks were missing had to use screws and nuts to replace otherwise excellent condition really like product would recommend this product
 I 've been a big fan of K&N for a while now , and I just needed a replacement for the one that came on my SRI for my civic . It 's way easier to just swap them , than to have to wait for it to dry and re-oil .
 I currently use this filter on a Honda Element . In the element , the filter position -LRB- used on a K&N intake -RRB- causes one side of the filter to gunk up first , so it must be rotated occasionally . I wash the filter every 5-8k miles with K&N Filter cleaner and re-oil with K&N filter oil . It never comes quite as clean as you would like and it is starting to show some wear to the material and mesh cover . I think I 'll toss it at 100k miles and get a new one , but that seems like a fair service life for a $ 40 filter . It might last longer in light or city use and or less time in a dirty/country road environment .
 This is a perfect replacement for the Injen CAI on the gen 1 Scion xB . Was fairly easy to install and comes with the K&N ; warranty.With a little force it will slide over the nipple on the CAI and clamp down tight . Will take a little work to get off when it comes time to recharge in 50,000 miles , but thats only every year or so .
 Have this on my Ram intake on a honda civic coupe ex 2006 . Sounds great and easy drop in install . Great mod for any car . I recommend anyone to get K&N in their car .
 This was a tight fit on my aftermarket air intake . took me 10 mins to get it on . have n't noticed any increase in gas mileage or horse power , but it lasts 100,000 miles cant beat it with a stick .
 I 've been using K&N Air Filters for a while now I 've never had any issues they 've always outlasted my vehicles without any issues . Just all around a GREAT product .
 I 've been using these gloves for years doing auto mechanic work . In my opinion these are the best disposable gloves on the market .
 I second the previous reviewer , for mechanical work these are the best gloves on the market . What stands them apart is the durability - they are made from a bit thicker latex , and they stand up to shop chemicals quite well -LRB- they are not chemical-proof though -RRB- . I do not care too much about textured fingers part , although it is a nice idea .
 This works great to adjust the ride height on my Porsche 911 . I used the large end of this wrench and it worked perfect . I 'm sure the smaller end works fine on other types of suspensions .
 Used this to adjust my shocks on my 2006 Honda Rebel . It is a bit big , probably about a foot long , but it worked great .
 Works great for shock preload adjustment and eccentric hub chain length adjustments . A high quality tool with multiple purposes ... what else could you ask for ?
 This tool can be used to adjust the adjustable shocks on the Porsche 928 and maybe others . It is the same tool many of the Porsche part sellers sell for much more . It is exactly the same and so much cheaper here !
 I tried the Edelbrock 1207 air cleaner , but it dropped too much to clear the fuel lines and AC compressor lines . The 1221 has a taller internal flange right where it meets the carb so it sits higher on the carb , but clears the motor components better.The filter is a straight-up 14 '' round filter that is 3 '' tall and can be replaced with any compatible generic filter . Functionally , it is a good match for most motors that need the air cleaner to sit higher above the carb -LRB- as long as you have room under the hood -RRB- . I only gave it four stars because I prefer that it had no logo on it and have a lower price . Otherwise , it 's a 5-star product that works .
 Hard to say much about a belt . I got this for my Honda and it works fine . The quality is as good or better than anything I have seen in stores , so the price was a great deal . It has been on the car for a few months with no wear seen or squeaks heard.Update
 I bought this item after my Bulldog Keyless Entry took a dive . I was a little hesitant because of the price point and lack of details on the product 's capabilities but after I received and installed it , it ROCKS ! Much better than the Bulldog at about 40 % less . I have basic installation experience but you do n't even need that to install this thing if you can follow instructions carefully.If you 're looking for the best bang for your buck and you do n't care about the crazy bells and whistles that come with the latest whizbang keyless entry systems , this is the best value out there .
 First , I was installing into a car that did not have factory auto door locks . After the lock solenoids were installed , I needed to added a couple of relays to make the AA925 operate the locks , cheap though at $ 2 ea off ebay.Also programming has to be done carefully . My first attempts were really reprogramming the remotes , until everything got messed up . Got the remote programming manual on-line -LRB- it SHOULD have been in with the unit -RRB- , straightened out the programming , and it works perfectly . Decent range , lights flash , horn toots , and it CAN be used for remote start with another relay installed -LRB- $ 2 -RRB- and can disable the ignition -LRB- another $ 2 relay -RRB- , but I did n't go that way.Looking forward to completing my task of making the trunk opener working , this is a neat project , great value , just a little more trouble than I anticipated .
 Good price , fast shipping . Decided not to install it since it involved ripping my entire dash board apart and did n't want to risk breaking the plastic trim .
 Ca n't beat $ 20 pops the locks and closes them , but might want to cover if you put in door , device is not water resistant , hooked it up myself in a few minutes . Fairly easy
 audiovox aa925 , is a great buy . I did n't want remote start , but keyless , is nice.Hooked it up myself ,94 grand cherokee , was not bad.just door locks , not starter disable , or dome light.it has it , but , buy more parts , not.remotes work real good , soild not cheap.spipping took tues-mon , not bad from arizona .
 Went with the timken brand bearing because it wass a known brand name to me.The bearing arrived within 4 days . I had it installed by the mechanic , and there is no noise now from my wheels . Very good bearing ... not a knock off and USA manufacturer . I recommend this bearing .
 Installed this in a 2004 Honda Odyssey . Works as expected for a fraction of the cost of OEM part . Ca n't go wrong with these . The car has now been driven for over a year on these and has zero problems .
 Go to youtube and copy and paste inHow to Mount atv tire on lawn tractor rimLook for the video made by redneckcomputergeakThe picture of these is very miss leading . Dont get me wrong the tires are still great but the pic is of the front tire design watch the video and you will see what i mean .
 Timken uses NSK as one of their sources for this bearing , and both of mine were NSK . This is the same brand Nissan used from the factory and when I replaced mine they were a match . These are made in Japan as well . Have only had them installed for a month but my originals lasted 9 + years in my 2000 I30 .
 Because of its length , the trailer ball is hard to find locally . The ball that I received is exactly as was described , and therfore what I needed . The response from the vendor was professional and the delivery was timely .
 Great tool , well constructed and it ripped through some range cable I was installing like butter the price was also really reasonable
 I wanted a windshield for my 2001 Rebel . After doing some research decided this would be the best one . It fit like a glove . I did have to call Slipstreamer and get some extra washers , which they said I would have to do on the app chart . They sent them right away and for free . I handles the wind and makes it a joy to ride again . I had a Vetter on a bike a number of years back and this does just as good of job as far as the wind goes . Looks sharp . Check the app chart and I think you will enjoy any of the Slipstreamer products .
 I was very bewildered by how to put this on . I discovered it 's better to put it all together by itself WITHOUT putting on bike just to understand how it fits together . I got this for a Honda Rebel . The upper part went well , but the bottom brackets for the forks did not attach at all unless I pulled it so far back the top is sticking in my face . I was pleased by the wind protection and keep from getting frostbite , currently very chilly winds in New England . I had to use cords to fasten it on bottom . After a longer ride through windy weather and on interstate , the plastic thumbsrew came off and screen was lopsided , had to find equivalent screw in hardware store . Use locktite and I advise tightening this before every trip and during road breaks . I think the design is not very secure . Also , it did n't protect my hands as completely as I hoped it would , but at least enough so they do n't become instant icycles in cold weather . The instructions seem to be for original 01 model , but do n't work for this ' 02 .
 This is a very handy , simple to use item to have especially if you own a motorcycle with lots of bodywork because it secures the bikes front at the ends of the handlebars virsus the bars at the triple clamp , keeping straps away from fairings etc. . The Canyon dancer is constructed very well and made of top notch materials ... money well spent !
 Bought and installed rear rotors for my '02 Lexus RX300 -LRB- 160,000 miles and running strong -RRB- . So far about 1,000 miles on the rotors and no issues to speak of . For front brakes may go with drilled/slotted , but for the rear these work just fine and the price was excellent .
 This K&N ; Filter was the exact dimensions I needed for my 2005 Focus ZX3 . So far , no problems at all after installing it . It draws in quite a bit more air than my stock filter , and have received around 15-20hp at the flywheel.Great price along with outstanding quality in their work . Installation was a breeze . The clamp-on area was pre-oiled and no need to purchase additional lube .
 The cyclone washer washmate can be tucked into the corner with little effort . So little in fact , that I did n't expect much in the way of performance from it . I was wrong . The machine does a great job of getting clothes clean . Washing does involve changing the water in the bucket two to four times depending on your preference , but I find it to be much more convenient than dragging my clothes to the laundry once a week .
 i love my cyclone washing machine . i do not have a washer and dryer in my apt , so this machine is very helpful for small loads and delicates that i would not take to the laundromat anyways.now i just wish i had a portable dryer !
 I am so pleased with my litte washing machine . It has improved the quality of my life many times over . I have washed a skirt , and even a dress as well as smaller items . This saves so many trips to the laudro-mat or to a relatives house . I wish it were UL listed , but I am careful with it ... If you have a small space and need a compact washing machine , I recommend looking into this great little washer ...
 Due to changes in residence , i needed to go out to the laundromat to do laundry -LRB- i miss having a stacked washer/dryer etc etc waaaaah ~ ! -RRB- ... anyway in my neighborhood the laundromats closed early -LRB- 8:30 pm -RRB- so i 'd delay and delay taking clothes and end up saying , oh i 'll just wash a few by hand . . and then this became routine . . although when i am super busy i have `` put a few things to soak '' and then forgotten about them for a week ! Just got this . . oh splendid ! a bit noisy -LRB- okay i ca n't hear the tv on low in the same room -RRB- but not more than a regular washer would be . I am going to put it in the bathroom to run instead of kitchen on an outdoor 14 ft cord -LRB- you know , like you plug your lawn mower in ? those are great . -RRB- Here 's the trick . . Use a small pail to get water from tap and mix in detergent -LRB- and soda if you need -RRB- so dissolved , then add to the pail part of unit - fill to the line or just under . Weigh your clothes if you do not know what is going to `` fit '' - capacity is a pound of clothes . . and wash things one at a time -LRB- you do n't have to mind it - it 's on a timer -RRB- . Wash the cleanest of your dirty stuff first , then reuse water for next dirty , then reuse for stuff that has colors that run last . . you 'd be amazed how much you can actually wash on `` one load '' of water - add a quart/litre in between adding another piece of clothing because the level will have gone down a little due to item you just took out . . then just rinse out your stuff in the bathroom sink by hand , it 's quicker , and you can tell your stuff is rinsed really well then . What a great little machine ! Now i only have to go to laundromat for the `` big stuff '' like sheets , towels and such . Yay ! :-RRB- Think of the possibilities - you can use this anywhere you have access to a sink -LRB- with hot/cold water tap -RRB- and an electrical outlet .
 This machine gets alot of credit for doing a better job than handwashing my clothes in the sink!However , it is still bit of a pain to do laundry . You still have to either hand rinse the clothes or run them thru the machine again a few times in clean water.This washer is great for doing last-minute items , stained clothes that need to be washed NOW , if you ca n't scrape enough quarters together for the laundrymat , or if going to the laundrymat or having a regular size washing machine is not feasable .
 I live in a small NYC apartment , and this seems like just the perfect thing for us . We want to cloth diaper our baby -LRB- soon to be -RRB- and this seems like a great solution . I 'll have to see how much we can fit into one load , but if it 'll keep us from having to trek to the laundromat every day or every other , it 'll be great . If it had a spin cycle , it 'd be perfect ... With all the baby items we 'll have to wash all the time , this will save us lots of quarters at the laudromat , and time back and forth from there .
 Changing brake pads ? Rotors looking a little shiny ? Here 's the answer ! Yes it 's a bit time consuming but the results are well worth the effort . The front brakes of my R1100S were pulsing a bit and I initially suspected warped rotors . Hmm . Well , my first thought was just buy some new ones . . How much ?!?! That got me doing some research and discovering according to many rider/mechanics motorcycle rotors rarely if ever warp . One particularly vocal proponent of that view -LRB- who also was an R1100S owner -RRB- suggested this tool would not only cure the pulsing but would also create a fine cross-hatch pattern typical of new rotors and perfect for bedding-in new pads . $ 400 for two new rotors or $ 35 for the tool ? No brainer ! Even if the pulsing was n't cured . . Well , the short story is the pulsing was cured ! And the rotors look like new!Here 's the fine print - it does take a fair amount of time.The outside rotor faces are easy , just raise the front wheel so it can rotate easily , give it a spin and then keep it spinning by applying just the right amount of pressure with the spinning hone . -LRB- turns out the correct amount of pressure for optimal honing is the same amount of pressure required to keep the wheel spinning -RRB- The inside faces require removal of the wheel , flipping the rotors over -LRB- or installing them on the opposite sides -RRB- and then re-installation of the wheel to perform the honing . If your bike has directional rotors -LRB- like mine does -RRB- when you 're done honing you have to repeat the wheel removal , disk switch/flip and re-installation so the rotors are correctly oriented.All told it was probably a 2 hour process for me . $ 180 an hour ? I 'll take that any day !
 This oil cap fit perfectly on my 1986 Suzuki Samurai.It has a comfortable grip and it easy to use .
 I received 2 multi-outlet adapters for our cars , plugged them in to each car and the adapter has a red light indicator that it has a 12 volt feed . The items I plugged in work without problem .
 Works very well , I suggest screwing the mount in as opposed to using the supplied tape
 Item is just as described . No issues . I had a problem with one of these blowing out fuses , but this one works great .
 This outlet is a life saver . I have a radar detector , two cell phones , gps and a power converter for my lap top.Excellent Choice .
 This adapter seems well built . It only has 1 `` High Powered '' outlet and the other 3 look a little less rugged , but you would blow a fuse if you ran more than one high powered device anyway . But other devices such as GPS , radar detector and phone or ipod charger are just fine for the other 3 . I use an AC inverter in the more rugged outlet and everything works fine . Its small form factor allows you to place between one of the front seats and the center console.My only gripe are outlet covers . They are great at keeping trash out of the unused outlets , but whnen you need to use them they hav a short tether which can be in the way . Its a small gripe and I do n't know how they would do it differently and you could cut them off if they really annoyed you.I would buy this product again .
 Replacement that is what it is . A replacement . Fits perfectly on the first try.Cons , none . It is an OEM replacement from a 3rd party .
 Exactly what was described in the description fits perfectly on my 1990 Nissan D21 -LRB- Hardbody -RRB- . Only thing negative thing which is n't a big deal is that it does have that little chrome or different color oil icon but as said not a big deal
 These brake hoses were a perfect fit to replace the original hoses on my 2001 Cavalier for the front disc brakes . They feel very sturdy and well-made , the fittings are tight , and they installed very easily with no leaks or problems . I highly recommend Raybestos projects for any brake job .
 The directions that came with the key fob were not accurate for my car but after some googling and some fiddling i got it to work anyway . Aside from that the fob works great and has yet to lose its programing
 I have a 2000 Ford Focus Sony Edition . This key fob works flawlessly , although the setup was a bit difficult . I followed both sets of directions , and the second set worked after about 3 attempts.After the setup , it 's worked great . My only issue is that the range is a little short , but that could also just be the sensor on the car itself.Thanks for helping me avoid paying Ford $ 65 for this product .
 Received keyless entry remote in timely fashion ; instructions for programming were on line . Although the instructions seemed odd at first , it worked and was very easy to do .
 Works exactly like it 's supposed to . I never have any problems with it . The remote I received with the car did n't have the trunk button which is a really nice feature . Easy to program .
 Ordered one of these for a 2002 Mustang . Arrived in perfect condition , was able to set it up in less than 5 minutes using instructions on vendor website , and it works great . I would recommend both product and vendor .
 Excellent quality cap to keep your fuel from walking away and anything other than fuel going into your tank . Very easy to operate
 The Stant Locking Fuel Cap is an inexpensive way to save your expensive fuel gas from being siphoned out of your gas tank or having a damaged engine if the gas is tampered with . Completely filled , the gas tank on my truck costs upwards of 65 green ones ! I do n't doubt that with summer travel time coming the cost of fuel will continue to rise . Bad enough to pay for a tankful once to drive me where I want to go but having to pay a second time to replace a tankful of siphoned off gas that got me nowhere except back at the gas pump would be a big kick in the wallet , not to mention other places ! I figure paying a one time cost of twenty dollars for the locking fuel cap to continuously safeguard my fuel is money well spent . Besides , if you sell your vehicle you can always put the old non locking cap back onand keep the locking one for your next ride . I also invested in the POP & LOCK Permanent Keyed Tailgate Lock and have been satisfied with both of them . ~ The Boss
 Although the `` Make sure it fits '' says it will not fit my vehicle , the manufacturer 's web site says it will fit my vehicle . I trusted the manufacturer and ordered the cap from Amazon and yes , it fits . Not only that , it is identical in size and shape to the original gas cap , except it has a key hole in it . It looks , feels and operates in a quality manner . I gave it 5 stars -LRB- instead of 4 -RRB- b/c you do not have to leave the key in the cap to lock or unlock it , which is a major convenience.This is what all products should be
 The `` Find parts that fit your vehicle '' selector said this would not work for my car , so after some web research Amazon will not allow me to list the website , easy to figure out though -RRB- I found out this was indeed the correct part number . I ordered this part and it fit perfectly , and works fine . Nice being able to take the key out . Do n't buy the type you have to leave the key in the lock to open and close , it is just a pain to use.A exterior sticky lock is an easy fix with a little graphite spray for pretty much any car lock , although WD40 will work for a while too .
 Gas cap works fine . Should accomplish my goal of making it harder for someone to steal gas , although it seems that it would not much effort for a thief to circumvent the locking gas cap .
 My ancient but well maintained Mazda Protege has a broken gas gauge . For years , I 've relied on the trip odometer to tell me when to get gas . However , the car is parked outdoors , and when the price of gas goes over $ 4 a gallon , I worry about theft . I do n't want to run out of gas somewhere unexpectedly because my tank was siphoned.This gas cap fits my 1990 Protege , and has n't presented any problems . I 'm not crazy about having a locking gas cap , because I keep forgetting how to unlock it . However , the instructions are printed clearly on the gas cap , so they 're right there when I need to refuel . This locking gas cap does exactly what it 's supposed to do .
 If you are worried about your gas being tampering with or syphoned with growing gas prices then this is the product for you .
 Carrying the key around is the only negative . I ca n't describe enough how much I love pumping that gas now that I know it 's safe inside ma cahr 's bellay
 a little extra time at the pump but , a valuable asset . Bought it for a 88 chevy celeb . works like a charm .
 There were multiple versions of this cap and I chose the wrong one . The right one fits like a glove , does what I want it to do and I could n't be more happy . Be careful to determine your model year and make ; there are similar caps for the same truck model and year and some fit and some do n't .
 Have n't filled up since I got this , so I ca n't say how difficult unlocking is when you have to do it then and there . But no one 's stolen any gas from me since I got it and that has been going on in my neighborhood recently .
 Water from washing my truck got into the locks -LRB- 2 -RRB- and froze . Had to go home from gas station to thaw them with a heat gun . I then squirted WD-40 into each lock cylinder to displace the water . This was not the lock 's fault . I now am careful not to spray too vigorously around the filler doors . A small strip of duct tape or a baggy would suffice to keep the water out of the keyhole . These locking caps seem to be good quality , though I 've only had them for a few months .
 We decided that getting locking gas caps would be a good idea , especially when it is costing about -LSB- . . -RSB- to fill up the Suburban . You can use the reference guide that is located at -LSB- ... -RSB- to make sure you are getting the correct cap for your make and model of vehicle . With no end in sight for the price of gas , it is a wise investment to buy a good quality locking gas cap .
 Thr product received was exactly what I had ordered . It was delivered within a few days of purchase , was properly packaged and I am totally satisfied with the purchase and the seller .
 Stant - BEST CAP CO IN THE WORLD -- but buy it elsewhere -- i am now an Amazon Hater - so get it elsewhere - my opinion
 great price ... and you can save a lot of money doing it your self ... best way to add fluid to your 2006 ford ...
 Yet to used the product but was as described , quick shipment even to the great north -LRB- Canada -RRB- . Arrived intact and would recommend to others .
 Great deal on a product that I could not have done without . Worked as I hoped it would.When combined with a transfer pump I was able to refill my transmission .
 I work on all my own vehicles . If you need to add trans fluid to a 2002 and later Ford Explorer -LRB- Maybe others also but the Explorer for sure -RRB- you 'll need this . I think a 1/4 '' pipe nipple would work also just make sure the threads are right . I 'm still trying to figure out why Ford thought it was a good idea to make a vehicle with no transmission dipstick but they did . So you 'll need this and a good suction gun to force the fluid up into the trans . I used it two days ago and it works great , does the job perfect .
 This part is extremely difficult to find ; the local auto parts stores did n't have it . This is the solution to one of Ford 's not-so-better ideas .
 adapter screwed right in and worked excellent ! I did see other products available that were similar , would suggest this one though .
 The OTC 6604 trans fluid fill adapter works very well and makes it easy to check trans fluid level and add fluid when needed . very good quality .
 it works , it is hard to use it with out making a mess.should be longer.you have to have it so .
 OTC makes great tools . This adapter is no different . A high quality item , this piece does exactly what it was intened to do . Had to utilize this tool to change the tranny fluid on my 02 exploder . No other way to do it , this part is a must -LRB- impossible without it -RRB- . Great price , fast shipping .
 This fluid adapter work great.Did not have to take the car to the dealer and spend an outrageous amount of money to service the car.Well worth the money .
 Item did everything that i needed it too . This is the only place i could find this . If not i would habe had to take it to a shop .
 To check the fluid level on my explorers transmition i need this piece , or to fillit , or to change the fluid , screw ford , their piece costs 4x this one , add a suction gun , and it makes transmition fluid changes easy , but messy ...
 This fill adapter is pretty much your only option to fill these trannies , but it works very well ! With this adapter , either use a suction gun with a hose on it , or you can find a short piece of 5/8 '' hose to clamp over the end if you have bulk tranny fluid coming out of a reel .
 These floor mats are better than the original VW ones I had in my car . They fit perfectly and really catch all the dirt . The material is thick and they definitely are durable .
 These are absolutely a perfect fit for my Mk4 Jetta . The color is a match and they are a heavy quality carpet material . Better than I expected them to be and covers a larger area than the OEM mats . Should get a lot of years of service from these .
 Everytime I go to empty the hot water tank on my RV , I always say , `` I 'm gon na get me the plug w/the petcock in it . Well , one day while on Amazon , I saw this and ordered it before I forgot to . Works as advertised .
 Use to have to remove the plug each time we came home from travel , it was a pain before . This product makes draining the water heater an easy task , the wife can even help now!Arrived on time , good packaging . No complaints !
 from the product photo it looks like water would drain out the hole at the handle but it 's from the larger nut and the handle is just like a stopper the screws in the larger piece
 Item was received very quickly . It seems to be of good metal , will install it when I dewinterize my rv .
 This is a part that you could live without , but for the price and convenience for winterizing your camper its a great little investment
 In the past I have used nylon plugs but they are difficult to remove over time . The drain valve I purchased is installed semi permanently and the drain cock only needs to opened to winterize the water heater .
 but it will drain your trailer 's hot water tank . Not disappointed with this purchase . Great quality , cheaper than local stores , fast shipping , so I 'm happy . Sure beats the cheap plastic plug that came with the camper , and a breeze to open or close .
 Fits perfect , operates fine , it is slow to drain but it 's a lot easier since you can open it by hand and before the plug needed a socket and I was always worried about loosing the plug and had to jump back when removing it to keep from getting wet . I know not much of an improvment but the fact I do n't have to dig the socket and ratchet out of the tool box made it worth it to me .
 Very good and solid product that is worth the price . It sure makes draining the water heater on my camper a much easier job . My only concern will be if it drains any small particles in the water tank -- Only time will tell .
 Works much better than having to remove stock plastic plug to drain tank . Had to apply thread tape however to keep from leaking . Highly recommend this item for all campers .
 great idea for draining hot water tank on campers . no more wrenches needed . there is also a tool that would make draining when hot very safe .
 Perfectly engineered , ease of installation , fantastic looks , functionality , this product has it all.As installed on our Mitsibushi Outlander , this product truely is GREAT . It vastly improves the appearance of the vehicle , and is considered to be money well spent.The product exceeds all expectations.LLD
 the keyless fob worked like a charm had to find a jumper wire for my cars set up but it worked the first time . as long as you fallow the instructions and your car or truck is equipped with the keyless type entery should work no problems . oh but you may want to get a battery i remember mine not coming with one only down side .
 This is the 2nd XTang FullTilt cover I have owned . My first was a used one for my Supercrew F150 . It was rugged and looked/worked great . This one went on my B2300 Pickup . It looks great and is working great , too . I passed up cheaper tonneau covers to get this one . It goes on and comes off easily , and stays put when I want it to.I would recommend this product to all .
 This air bag is a Great thing to have for help unlocking car doors . I watched the AAA guy use one with a platic wedge and it worked great . A must have for the tool box .
 Order arrived in a timely manner . No problems on the installing of these pads . The chevy they were installed on have had no problems since being put on . Would order again when needed .
 these came in the mail very quickly and exactly as stated . brand new in box with everything that I need . I cant wait to be able to put my motor together . i am very pleased working with amazon for all of my parts !
 Inexpensive way to blow water from pipes in winter . Works for me and should pay for itself many times by reducing winter damaged plumbing .
 I use this to blow my lines out on my RV as part of the winterizing process . Worked as advertised . I was a bit concerncd that it was plastic instead of brass but it appears to be a high quality product .
 This fitting allows you to use compressed air to blow out the water in your RVs system , either as its sole winterization , or prior to adding RV antifreeze . It works quite well and -LRB- as it says in its directions -RRB- you must limit the air pressure you use . Too much pressure might harm the RVs water system . Mine came with a red slip on cap which is not attached to the fitting ... easy to lose . Absolutely worth the money .
 Fascar strips perform exactly as advertised . A great way for a shop to prove that brake fluid is old and contaminated . We use them on every car that comes through our shop , and sell lots of necessary services because of this .
 why do dealerships push fluid flushes at 36k without testing ? I 've had this with two different manufactures and dealers . Keep them honest with Phoenix Systems brake fluid test strips . Phoenix Systems also has a 2 pack . Easy to use and a quick test to guage whether your fluid really needs replacing .
 An interesting and novel idea to test for contaminated brake fluid . It worked just fine on the 3 cars I tried it on . 2 of them need the fluid flushed after finding the fluid bad .
 This product is well made and is of a heavy duty quality . The price is higher then the average but if you do n't know your stuff and have to rely on a name this is a good name to trust . I replaced this item in my Spyder and it was very easy to replace and the product made my ride better instantly . Of course that is what it is suppose to do but it is n't always the case .
 Love the seat covers !! They were fairly easy to put on the seats and they do n't fit completely snug , but not bad for the price . They are warmer in the winter and cool as it gets warmer . I love them !!! Thanks-arrived in good shape -LRB- small box -RRB- and within a reasonable amount of time . A + + transaction -
 I love this floor jack ! I would not have imagined to have gotten this much for the price . Sometimes you get more than you pay for ... Very robust long frame iron jack that will reach the full 20 '' height in 1.5 unloaded pumps . Although it is 123 pounds , it takes a medium effort to carry this jack to its destination -LRB- when rolling is not possible -RRB- because of the grab points ; front axle and rear lever joint . The UPS driver was holding it when I came to the door . Delivery took only 3 days after Amazon got my order . It did n't come in a box nor was it on a pallet . The handle was simply celophane wrapped to the chassis . I have never received something unpackaged from UPS but all was fine with the shipment and the jack was in perfect condition . My jack was RED not blue like the picture . Color does n't matter to me as the jack is everything it was promised to be.My lowered Camaro is a mere 3 to 4 inches off the ground and it takes this floor jack to get to the K member or axle housing with one step . In the past I would drive the car up on 2 X 4s or use a scissor jack to get my short , low profile jack far enough under the car . Getting all four wheels off the ground and on jack stands would take me 20 to 30 minutes in the past . With the ATD Tuner 7325 I am able to reach the best jack points with all the tires still on the floor . A lot less fiddling around now and it 's just minutes before I 'm ready to work . I love it because a good jack allows all your other tools to do their job ! If you are still wondering if this jack is worth the money , it is . If you want a long frame , low profile jack in your tool arsenal - now 's your chance . Give Amazon the business , they have always provided the best service and I have never been disappointed with the product . I will bet that you wo n't be disappointed either .
 This is a great jack for the price . I have a really lowered car and this does the job perfectly . Only needs 2.5 inches of clearance to get the job done . I gave away my ramps I used to get my old jack to fit under my car . The only issue I had with this jack is it 's weight , over 100 lbs ! I would recommend this jack to anyone who has a lowered car .
 I purchased this jack due to having a Lowered Mustang and all my other jacks simply can not get under it to reach the jacking point . This jack works great for that . It has a nice long reach and only take a few pumps on the handle to reach full lift . Great Jack for Lowered Cars .
 I 've only gotten to use it a couple times since I bought it , but I am very happy with it . It slides under my extremely lowered cobra with no problem , saving me the annoyance of first driving onto boards like I had in the past.The jack does require a bit more force on the handle than some , but I find it to be just fine . I would recommend this jack to anyone who wants a great jack that can fit under even the lowest vehicles .
 Great product everything they said it was . Have a lowered corvette and porsche and slid under both with no problem . Very heavy duty , would recommend if you have limited space under car .
 best jack ive ever used . had to use ply wood to get my s2k up ... but now this jack saves me 15 min trying to get the s2k up . only downside to this jack is weight . this thing weighs more then 80 lbs .
 This is what I came accross in my search for a long reach jack that was also low profile . It works perfectly and it 's built like a tank -LRB- literally , get help bringing it in when it arrives -RRB- . It 's also good value as most other jacks with these features are much more expensive .
 I have a lowered 3000gt/stealth and this can reach the front and rear jack points with ease . Much safer to jack the car up from these points than trying to use the pinch welds on the side .
 Hard to lift in tight quarters . Plunger must travel 60-75 degrees before lift occurs . Other than this it operates wonderfully .
 They fit my car perfectly , better than the original front floor mats that where all worn out and liked to ride up under the pedals . I 'm planning on getting a set for our other car here soon . Honestly I wish I would have bought these a while ago .
 There is not much more to say than this locking fuel cap seems to be doing its intended function and guards against potential fuel siphoning occurences . Also I feel more assured and confident that the integrity of the fuel that I have in my vehicle is not compromised from the introduction of undesired additives to the fuel supply .
 Used the Bal-Twinpin Kingpin Stabilizer for a three month trip to Alaska this summer . Easy installation , fast take-down and fine motion dampening for our 30 ft. 5th wheel . Side to side , and front to back motion is dampened at an affordable price and with little storage space required .
 Having researched leather cleaners for the seats in my Lexus ES 350 , I choose Meguiar 's Gold . As instructed , I sprayed it directly on my seats and wiped off with a clean , white towel . The seats came clen with very little effort . I am delighted with the product . Just be careful when you spray because it leaves residue on concole and metal detail .
 I 've used Meguiar 's products for decades , and I trust the brand . I 've used this leather cleaner/conditioner for a few years now on BMW leather , and I 've been pleased with the results . For weekly/monthly cleaning it is great . Easy to use and does not leave excessive residue on the leather . Also works great for any leather in the house - such as leather furniture , etc. .
 Well this is my first experience owning a car with leather seats . And to make it more entertaining my Infinity G37X has gray seats . I found that after a couple of months I can see the color on the driver seat start to change slightly . I researched my options and this seemed viable -LRB- not to mention the dealer recommended it -RRB- . Upon trying the product , it works OK . It takes a lot of work to get the seat color back and it does not eliminate the leather crease lines -LRB- only makes them semi-transparent -RRB- . I 'll likely try something else in the future -LRB- i.e. the separate cleaner and conditioner -RRB- .
 Just picked this stuff up from `` the Zone '' and seems to apply very easily and has a great smell . Will check in later for longer term results , but so far so good . Made my leather look much deeper and richer , it was the first product I had applied to my leather interior on my g8 in two years ...
 Our 2.5 year old Camry has gray leather seats -LRB- not just leather panels -RRB- and leather console . It was getting noticeably dirty , and I had to use some cleaner . After trying Arizona Leather Cleaner -LRB- terrible - does n't clean at all , and VERY expensive -RRB- , I settled for the tried and true Meguiar 's product . I put it on a microfiber cloth , and tried cleaning , only to find that it takes some real pressure to get the grime to come off . It did a better-than-satisfactory but not outstanding job of cleaning . The console took three `` applications . '' And as others have mentioned , it left the leather slippery -LRB- although still soft -RRB- . That lasted for about two days of driving around , and then it went back to normal . I would not use this on the steering wheel . Oddly the steering wheel does n't look dirty , but I still want a firm grip . It probably would be okay to use on the dash
 I 've used this product on my 2008 Audi A4 a couple of times now and I 'm pleased with it . I bought it based on the recommendation of other Audi owners and I 'm glad I took the suggestion , it 's really made my leather seats look great and the smell is very pleasant . Only time will tell if it 'll do a good job protecting the seats from Arizona 's sun . -LRB- Seems like any used car I 've seen in AZ that 's 2005 or older has cracked leather - then again I bet none of those folks did anything to protect the seats ! -RRB- The only slightly negative aspect to this spray is that my seats are pretty slippery for at least several days after use , some people suggest that it 's because of `` cheap '' leather seats -LRB- I do n't have the high-end Recaro leather -RRB- so perhaps that 's not anything having to do with Meguiar 's itself . Our only other vehicle with `` leather '' is a Honda Accord -LRB- and if I remember correctly the brochure called the seats leatherette , likely meaning fake leather -RRB- , so I imagine those seats also will be slick after use too.All-in-all I 'd recommend Meguiar 's , it 's a reputable brand and inexpensive when bought here on Amazon . Definitely better than having a car wash do your seats with some random product !
 It does what it says it does and I never had one problem with the item . When the bottle mysteriously disappeared 6 months ago -LRB- I think someone liked it too -RRB- , I tried to get by without rebuying so soon . I 'm sad I waited . I cleaned the seats this weekend and it was amazing the grime that came up . Other cleaners just can not stack up . The one negative is that with inferior leather , the seats get really slippery after use . I can attest that my seats do get slippery . But for me , if that means my seats are clean , then I will take it .
 I have used this spray in several autos with leather upholstry . It 's easy to apply , non-greasy and keeps the leather surfaces soft and clean . I spray it onto a soft coth and wipe it onto the leather seats and door panels .
 I trust Meguiar 's products for car care , and this Leather cleaner/conditionerupholds that quality . Easy to apply , and does n't discolor , leaves my Beamer leather moisturized and protected
 Got this for my BMW . The black leather was showing a hint of flatness and lack of sheen . Used this product once , and it brought back that deeper black I was looking for . Good price too . GET IT !
 This is hands down the best leather cleaner/conditioner you can get for this money ! I think I 'll stock up on it !
 Very pleased with this product -- my steering wheel was a grungy mess ... detailers said I should get a wheel cover -- got this product instead ... it now looks like new . Think the detailers should have this product in their supplies !
 Simply perfect . Why at lest 17 words is required for this feedback ? Why somebody is trying to control everything ? AAAAAAAA
 I use this for a BMW Z4M and a Merc E320 . I 've been using it for a couple of months and it cleans nicely . The scent is a bit strong when you apply it , but tolerable once it settles . Moisturizes the seats and works very nicely on nappa leather .
 meguiar care leather products are by far the best in the field.in the last couple of years it was difficult to buy them in stores.In amazon I found them all , at a fair price , with a convinient shipping system at amazon , as usual I must say.try them , they will make a difference in your car .
 Have been using this product on my cars for ages and now also use iton my leather sofa . Really works great .
 I really like Meguiar 's products . The leather spray here is no different , it works and I also like it too . Will buy again when I need more .
 great smell . leaves a wonderful shine . not greasy . silky smooth and perfect . a must have for leather interiors . highly recomended
 I bought this product for our 2013 Ford Taurus Limited . It has done 5000 miles and already the perforated beige leather on the driver 's seat is showing some noticeable wear and dirt transfer . Well , it 's Ford leather , not Bentley leather , so what was I supposed to expect?This product has done a good job of cleaning the leather , but an even better job of conditioning it . I generally use about once every two weeks . I spray a quantity on a clean microfiber cloth and work the liquid into the seats , leave for a few minutes , then buff off with another microfiber cloth . The finish is very good/excellent . Overall , 4 out of 5 stars , because it probably is n't the best product out there for cleaning .
 This product I 'm finding does a nice job on my black leather Ford seats . This is my second bottle . A quick spritz on the seats and a couple on a white microfiber towel and i run over the seats quickly . The dirt appears to be on the towel when I am done and the seats shine nicely . It does not leave any grease feel which is important in a convertible in the summer when dust will stick if there is any type of residue like that left over . I use it once a week after a wash just to keep the appearance up . I 'm going to try it on my leather couches inside the house instead of buying the kit that they sold me with the setup which dried out quickly . Meguiars goes on quick and comes off easy . Nice Product!They also sell products that separate these into two separate bottles . So far , I 'm not changing . The car is a 2012 and does ' t need deep deep cleaning , which I imagine the other products are for leather that is older and needs more attention
 I like Meguiars products , they are good value and this Leather Spray is great . No white residue like the other leather cleaner .
 I have a camry hybrid with grey leather seats . The back seats are always getting scuffed up from throwing luggage back there . This was the first leather cleaner I tried so I do n't have anything to compare it to but it did pretty well removing the scuffs . My only complaint is that it took a lot scrubbing .
 I have been looking for replacements for the two cushions that I have worn out . I was shocked at the price these were in the catalogs or in the specialty stores . Then I cam across these , the price was excellent and I ordered them . These are the same ones I would have ordered from a specialty catalog but significantly cheaper . Great sturdy cushions . I am thinking about about buying two more for backup before someone gets smart and jacks up the price .
 The product quality is excellent ! I have bought several and this one is a great buy for the money .
 For years I have been suffering with tailbone problems due to a fall . I had trouble leaning back in a chair and always had to sit forward to take pressure off of my tailbone . After some research I found a pillow that would make chair sitting easier . What relief I have found from this pillow ! I am now able to sit back in a chair with no discomfort at all . My only regret is that I did not find this gem sooner .
 My wife has been using these cushions for several years and they make her life much more bearable . We have one for the house , one for each car , and an extra for travel .
 My husband can not sit for a long period of time without discomfort . This cushion allows him to read his fans as long as he likes .
 I have been having trouble with bursitis in my hip . Hard seats in restaurants , some auto seats and some seats at home are giving me problems . I was forced to borrow a cushion from a friend -LRB- who happened to keep on in her car ! -RRB- at a restaurant where the hard , wooden seats were unbearable . Since ordering this seat , which I chose for it 's portability and price and because Footsmart is a company I have dealt with happily in the past , I have been able to use it with good results . It real helps in many situations . I wish that it was just a tad thicker , but it has certainly made life a great deal more comfortable .
 i CAN NOT TRAVEL LONG DISTANCES WITHOUT MY '' PILLOW '' . IT HAS BEEN MY LIFESAVER EVER SINCE I BOUGHT IT .
 I measured my chair before ordering . The cushion is 4 inches bigger than my chair . I was expecting only 1 inch difference . That is my only complaint . The cushion in itself is very nice . Well made .
 Dealer told me wanted $ 60.00 to install on my Buick . Bought for less then $ 20 and installed it myself . Saved a ton of money with the same results
 Many of the reviews of less expensive filters note their flimsy construction . Since installation requires two filters inserted and then positioned , the plastic frame of these AC Delco filters are desireable .
 Title says it all . Replaced factory filters with these . It was a no brainer . Took only a couple of minutes and air instantly smelled better .
 When I first bought my 2001 Montana , the replacement cabin air filters used to cost an arm and a leg . Thankfully , there are after-market choices now that are more economical . This filter seems to be performing just fine .
 My dash mat came 5 days before the estimated arrival date , which was a pleasant surprise . It was neatly packed , so no wrinkles to contend with . The quality is excellent and looks even better than the picture . Best of all , it fits perfectly , with every vent and sensor cut-out right in place . I am extremely happy with my purchase and would not hesitate to recommend this company 's products .
 Just what I needed . I would rather use factory * AC Delco * when available . The price was right and shipping was a snap . I am aware that AC Delco is a tad more expensive than after-market ; however , in most cases , the item is a direct fit . Be sure to order the gasket separate ; for one is not included .
 Although sold for automobile bulb sockets -LRB- for which it works great -RRB- , this product is actually silicon grease . `` Dielectric '' means that the silicon grease is an electronic insulator . See also Fantasea Silicon Grease Lubricant , `` for all types of O-Rings `` Although ordinary automotive grease is very damaging to rubber products , silicon grease is great for ANY rubber products , and for use on ANY electronic connection -LRB- other than high-voltage switches -RRB- . Not only does silicon grease prevent corrosion at electrical contacts , it also improves existing contacts.THE DREADED BLUE SCREEN OF DEATHAfter about 5 years of flawless operation , recently I got a `` blue screen of death '' on my computer , mentioning a parity-check error . Attempts to restart the computer just brought up the same `` blue screen of death '' -- I could not even get to the minimal Windows configuration for trouble-shooting . I removed the memory boards , cleaned the contacts with isopropyl alcohol , applied a thin layer of silicon grease to the contacts on the memory boards , and reinstalled the memory . Since then -LRB- a year ago -RRB- , the computer works perfectly.More recently my other -LRB- ca 10-year-old -RRB- computer has been getting progressivly flakier for about 5 years -- if I opened and closed several demanding applications and/or surfed the web extensively -- a lockup or crash was likely -- so I routinely rebooted several times a day to avoid the lockups/crashes . Occassionally , even freshly booted up , I could not access certain files or folders -LRB- the only solution was to clear the recycle bin , delete the file or folder , and then restore it from the recycle bin -RRB- . Running registry repair programs and other diagnostics did not help . Completely reformating the harddrive and reinstalling Windows and all my programs from scratch did not help . A new harddrive did not help . About once a month , the computer crashed with a parity-check error message -- which began me thinking that I might have a similar problem with the memory board contacts . So during my last annual `` spring cleaning '' of the inside of the computer -LRB- particularly the CPU cooler -RRB- , I also made a point of pulling the memory boards one-at-a-time -LRB- blowing any dust out of the contacts with canned air -RRB- , applying silicon grease to the contacts , and reinstalling the memory boards . Since then -LRB- 3 months ago -RRB- the computer has been working like new . REALLY!It would be a good idea to coat the contacts of any boards or memory with silicon grease before installing.EXAMPLES OF AUTOMOTIVE ELECTRIC USESDoes your car refuse too start when it 's been raining for days ? You could replace the entire ignition harness -LRB- for perhaps $ 100 plus labor -RRB- -- or just coat the wires with silicon grease , being particular generous at the spark plug and distributor connections . No need to wipe off excess . Also pull off the spark plug wires -LRB- one at a time so you do n't confuse them -RRB- and put a dollup of grease on the contacts.Replacing your car battery ? This stuff is far better than the petroleum jelly your father used to protect the contacts from corrosion.EXAMPLES OF PLUMBING USESIs your bathroom faucet leaking ? Disassemble it , clean it , and rub silicon grease into all of the rubber seals . Let it set , wipe off excess , reassemble . Does your toilet run on and on after you flush it ? Same solution.EXAMPLES OF USES AS A LUBRICANTIs the A/C plug for your juicer hard to push into the socket ? Add a generous coating of silicon grease and stick it in and out of the socket several times to lubricate the socket . Petroleum-based grease or oil may conduct electricity and burn -- making the connection worse . Silicon grease will not conduct electricity nor burn.Is the door lock of your car stiff ? Same solution , slather silicon grease on the key , and lock/unlock the door several times.IMPROVING ELECTRICAL CONNECTIONSDoes the right or left channel of your headphones drop out or sputter ? Silicon grease will improve the connection.Do you have to shake your TV remote to make it work ? Silicon grease will improve the batteries connections.Have you noticed ? 40 years ago leaking battereies destroyed uncountable flashlights and transistor radios . Everyone knew that you had to remove batteries when not in use . But then battereies improved in the 1980s and 1990s and almost never leaked . But once again , batteries are leaking and damaging equipment . Silicon grease will at least protect your contacts from minor leaks , and will improve already damaged contacts.RECONDITIONING RUBBER PRODUCTSDoes wind noise at high speed because of a poor door seal drive you crazy ? Coat the seal with silicon grease . Rub it in , let it set , wipe off excessDo you have a classic car with stiff dried-out rubber seals ? This stuff is first aid . If they are n't too dead , silicon grease will bring them back to life , and protect them from further deterioration.Sliding windows in your van hard to open/close ? Coat the channels with silicon grease.Within reason , you can not use too much . Unlike ordinary oil and grease silicon grease does not attract dirt.CAUTIONSilicon grease is NOT a replacement for petroleum-based grease as a lubricant for continuously moving mechanical parts . While silicon grease can `` recondition '' rubber belts and rollers -LRB- in computer printers , etc -RRB- it can also make them too slippery to do their job -LRB- instead use CaiKleenTM RBR Liquid , oiler dispenser concentrate 25 mL -RRB- . Silicon grease can interfere with repainting cars -- so it is best to avoid getting silicon grease on painted surfaces , particularly if you anticipate repainting the surfaces in the near future . In high-voltage switches , arcing can create silicon carbide which will deteriorate the contacts.To see my `` How to Repair electronic devices damaged by bad batteries '' , `` How to Improve Rubber Seals or Revitalize Rubber Items '' , and `` How to Improve electrical connections '' guides , click on `` See all my reviews '' above , then click on `` So you 'd like to know '' guides on the left side of the page
 I got a good laugh when I opened the box . It came in this huge box with all sorts of packing cushion . This is a trial size . There 's just about enough for you to use it for lip balm . It does what it is suppose to do . What can go wrong ? Very little chance of failure with any brand of dielectric grease when applied properly . You just ca n't spend so much on such a small size . Vendors might give you a sample about this size along with a free wallet size calendar card . Perfect if you are only connecting two wires , installing 1 spark plug , or changing a light bulb . After all , why get stuck with a tube that you can actually use again later , when you can get this disposable application ? I think MacDonald 's ketchup & Taco Bell sauce packets hold more .
 This was a very inexpensive product , but I did n't expect the packaging to be different from the image you see on Amazon . The cardboard backing is the same , but there is n't a convenient tube with a screw on lid inside . Instead , there 's a flat , plastic rectangle about the size of the tube in the illustration and the meager gel is in a bubble within that rectangle . You have to cut the top to get it out , then put tape or something over it to save the rest for future use . As for how it works - I 'll have to let you know the next time I change the lightbulbs !
 As another reviewer wrote , this dielectric grease works perfectly but since it does have a cap on the end of the tube , you 'll have to store it in a plastic bin or similar to keep extra grease from squeezing out . I used it to get the trailer connector on the back of my truck working better . I saw this same product at Advanced Auto this morning and it was a buck cheaper .
 Unit was as I expected it to be easy instalation easy to use no problems with seller or unit I am a happy locksmith
 It worked
 It was exactly what they claimed it to be . It installed quickly and easily . We rec 'd it quicker than was estimated and that was a bonus : -RRB-
 Used this product on a 1976 motorhome that I recently painted and it worked out great . By far the best price out there . Have seen many others at several times the price .
 I did n't think I was going to find this but I did and am much happier . I used this on my snowmobile trailer to cover all the screws .
 Works great and no need to splice together long runs . Make sure to warm in the sun or indoors before installing . Makes it easier .
 THIS PRODUCT WORKED GREAT FOR ME ! I HAVE NEVER ATTEMPTED ANYTHING LIKE THIS BEFORE SO I WAS A BIT WORRIED IF I COULD DO IT . I LIVE IN THE DESERT SO I APPLIED THE PRODUCT AFTER LETTING IT SIT IN THE SUN A BIT ! MADE IT VERY EASY TO WORK WITH ! COVERED THE CAMPER SHELL RIVITS UP IN HALF HOUR MAX ! THE ONLY THING I DID WRONG WAS NOT ALLOW FOR SHRINKAGE ! IT 'S NOW AFTER BEEN APPLIED ABOUT 1/4 SHORT ON THE END WHERE I APPLIED IT ! I HAVE PLENTY LEFT AND WILL RE-APPLY IT NEXT SUMMER AND ALLOW FOR SHINKAGE !
 The shipment was fast , and very easy to install , and looks good after it was installed . It would be a good option to consider .
 Good product and easy to install , however does not fit well on trim around side door curves . bunches up in corners and does not conform to corners to look as original product . Great for long straight runs .
 Replaced vinyl insert lining on both sides of trailer which were damaged by hail . Product was excellent and easy to use .
 We have a used rental houseboat that was missing about 60 ft. of the vinyl insert on both sides of the boat . It looks great , was easy to install , and finishes off the look perfectly . Took only about 20 minutes to install the 60 feet needed .
 My dash mat came 5 days before the estimated arrival date , which was a pleasant surprise . It was neatly packed , so no wrinkles to contend with . The quality is excellent and looks even better than the picture . Best of all , it fits perfectly , with every vent and sensor cut-out right in place . I am extremely happy with my purchase and would not hesitate to recommend this company 's products .
 This is my favorite leather cleaner for my living room furniture . Not only does it do a great job of cleaning and making the leather couch and chairs look like new again , it does it without being greasy or leaving a weird smell -- this product actually smells pretty nice on the furniture ! It is the ONLY leather cleaner I purchase !
 This all and one wipe is Great for leather , vinyl and plastic , I have been using it for a couple of years now and it works on everything . It leave a lasting low gloss shine and protects very well . It also leaves leather interiors soft and supple like an old leather glove.Lando
 This is the best car care product there is , it cleaned my Old Bonneville leather seats . It shines and cleans the seats the seats where old and Brownish and now there completely white now . Very Schweet!When you seat in them its very ferm and unlike Armor All it dosent slide and have a slick feeling to it.Meguiars Makes the Very Best !!! Very AWESOME PRODUCT !!!
 This product is great for touchups on leather seats . Use between more agressive leather conditioning .
 I have leather furniture because of my dogs so this is the best way for me to keep my furniture clean . I find the Meguiars has more of the cleaner in the wipes than some of the other brands I have tried so I really like it !
 I took this product on a trip and it was very useful twice . My grandmother almost always makes a mess when she decides to eat while we are on the road she also likes to drink one of those shakes for diabetics . Well , part of the shake ended up on the leather seat , my wife tried to help and made it worse ... I just took a single wipe and cleaned it completely , very easy to use , and it left a good protection layer just like the Meguiars Gold Class Rich Leather Cleaner does . The only thing I did after wiping the seat was using a microfiber cloth to remove a bit of the excess and spread it more evenly , also very easy . The leather was just like new and read to be used again . Very nice smell also .
 The wipes did a great job cleaning dirt out of cracks in my leather car seats . Dirt in cracks that I thought was permanent was visibly reduced . Very happy with the product , especially for the price .
 I was surprised and thankful I could replace the locking gas cap for my 1979 Ford Pickup . When I got it , it was perfect . I recommend !!
 This was installed on a 91 Ford Explorer , 4 door , 4WD with basically stock 4.0 L with JBA headers and Gibson cat back exhaust . 6 weeks , 1500 miles later : This more than anything , I believe made a difference in the seat of my pants meter for performance . My stock cat was badly plugged and this one is very high flow . I am not sure on emissions as I am not required to test in my town , but I feel that I would pass without troubles since my engine is fresh from a top end rebuild and running well again.The quality is fine . The welds are solid and effective , just not pretty nor impressive in any way . It mated well with the headers and the muffler . It included the gasket to the muffler , but no bolts for the studs to mate tot he y-pipe . This held me back a few days until I could get the proper replacement ones as my old runs , which the instruction state need to be reused , where dreadfully rusted to the old cat . This really makes me feel the 4 star rating is justified in my mind . Otherwise , the cat does it 's job with little fan-fair . AS a system , with the JBA 's and Gibson , on my truck , which has few options for exhaust upgrades , this is a great set-up . I love the tone ... aggressive and mellow , but not attention getting or loud . See my review for JBA headers and Gibson cat back exhaust products to fit a 1st Gen EB .
 My dash mat came 5 days before the estimated arrival date , which was a pleasant surprise . It was neatly packed , so no wrinkles to contend with . The quality is excellent and looks even better than the picture . Best of all , it fits perfectly , with every vent and sensor cut-out right in place . I am extremely happy with my purchase and would not hesitate to recommend this company 's products .
 It has taken my father 3 months and countless hours of shopping in the stores to find these wipes . There is nothing that compares to them.Meguiar 's does not have these on their website and nobody else except Amazon does.Only bad thing was paying for shipping . But it did arrive quickly .
 Gas cap works fine . Should accomplish my goal of making it harder for someone to steal gas , although it seems that it would not much effort for a thief to circumvent the locking gas cap .
 The order came quick - and it was exactly what I was looking for . It 's simple to use and works great .
 Just what I expected , great product . Recomend to everyone , prevents theft of fuel and cantamination of fuel tank .
 It was easy to pick the right cap for my GMC 2500HD truck . The cap came quickly and fit correctly the first time I used it . This product wo n't stop someone from putting a screwdriver thru your tank bottom , but it will discourage someone from a quick syphon from your tank . Mine is full of diesel !
 A very nice usefull addition to my car . It protects an investment in your fuel .
 We all know its coming . Gas had just hit 4 dollars when i decided to get a lock , and the price will inevitably rise , 5 dollars , 6 dollars , 10 dollars per gallon . There is only so much oil in the world . I live in the city and I have a 25 Gallon gas tank . I forsee this lock functioning 2 fold , as a deterent , and as an actual lock . 10 bucks you cant go wrong , just make sure you goto the Stant website to make sure you are getting the right size , dont depend on amazon.com to tell you if it fits or not . I give it a 4 and not a 5 because i dont like the key and I would of liked to have seen it with a lanyard .
 So far so good , and it 's working great . No problems for my '97 Jeep Cherokee Sport . You turn the key 90 degree to the left , then turn back to retract the key before you unscrew the cap .
 I 'm not a fan of locking gas caps , but I 'm forced to use it because of the lowlifes in my area . With that being said , this cap works well . Key inserts fine and it it easy to take off . The part was shipped in a timely manner and packed well .
 It is brand new , perfect fit and the right.Five stars means A + right?Ask me this question when I buy/wina more complex item .
 As expected . No stress tests or anything , but no gas stolen since it was installed either , so I 'd take that as a win . Of course , I have no idea if anyone has tried .
 so im stuck driving a 96 dodge ram 1500 v8 and gas is horrible here in California . so bad in fact that people have been going out and siphoning gas out of other peoples tanks where i live so i got this to try and prevent that.overall it has done its job well , its a snug fit and locks securely.only complaint is that the key hole has a guard over it to keep it clean i suppose and its a hassle trying to get the key in because of that guard.past that its served my purpose well
 I installed this in my Roadtrek back in June , 2011 . It works fine and has never given me any problems . It is very easy to lock and unlock .
 This Stant 10591 is black in color . For about $ 5 more you can get the same cap colored green . WOW !!! . I have mixed emotions now that I bought this cap . Do I want a thief to draw diesel from the fuel inlet with no lock cap and just lose the cost of the diesel or do I put a lock cap on the fuel inlet and then they punch a hole in the bottom of my fuel tank to steal my fuel . Now I have lost the cost of the diesel fuel plus the cost of a new fuel tank . Its something to think about .
 Bought it not realizing how wide the circumference of the cap was . It would not fit within the confines of my filler area . I ca n't knock the product much because I should have researched better . Not using it at all .
 Direct fit on '04 Taurus with Flex fuel Vulcan engine . Packaging was beat up and item cam without a gasket . However , the EGR valve fit up , no issues . Purchase the following gasket along with the valve just to be safe.Standard Motor Products VG25 EGR Valve Gasket .
 The word white should be taken from the name . There is nothing white about it . Colonial off white would be better . The picture of the product is white . The product is fine and I guess I should have known what Colonial White was . So I have white on one corner of the trailer and Colonial White on the other three .
 Purchased because I had bought the wrong size elswhere . This was perfect and the 100 ' roll was what I needed .
 Very happy with this product . All I had to do was remove the old insert and replace it with the new . I found the insert was easier to install if I left it in the sun for a while to soften it . It made my aging van look almost new again
 I had and old Sunrader Toyota with a very strange trim size . This stuff was too big , really , but worked . It really helps to use a head gun , carefully , to warm the trim first . It slipped in and looks great .
 The molding on my RV was moldy and nasty looking . I discovered this product at Amazon and decided to try it . One weekend of camping , a philips screwdriver , a sharp knife/scissor and a role of the vinyl insert and a couple hours of time and I had replaced all of the mold trim on my RV . Much , much easier than scrubbing it . I had spent many many hours scrubbing it before only to have it mold again almost immediately . Replacing it is the way to go.Besides you can get it in black or white . Sometimes a small color change makes a whole new looking rig . Mine did .
 Wish I did n't have to but ... after removing the old , this vinyl trim installed relatively easy ... finger tips were a little sore because of poking trim into slot but ... using silicone to seal the ends was easy also ... time will tell if this holds up !!
 For a small patch repair on fiberglass , this is the right product . I put a 1 inch hole in theside of my fiberglass bathtub -LRB- approximately 6 inches up the side from the bottom of the tub . -RRB- I followed the very clear instructions step-by-step and repaired the hole . I even added somecoloring agent to attempt to match the tub color -LRB- 25 years old ! -RRB- . It all worked like magic . You can see the repair if you focus on it , but I no longer see it.Best of all , no leaks.NO LEAKS !!
 Used on the underside of the tonna cover on our pickup where I poked a hole aaccidentally . Easy application . Would recommend .
 Product was as advertised and came complete with everything I needed to execute my repair . Very satisfied user !
 The fiberglass patch kit did the job great on my cracked box cover with amazeing results . I highly recamend this product for ur fiberglass repair Tudor a great . Product great job
 Quality repair.The resin - hardener and fiberglass cloth are still holding with a strong like original bond . I usedPermatex 80265 Fiberglass Patch Kitto repair a metal to fiberglass bond.In particular a bracket for the ; Targa Solo Rear Seat Cowl .
 Great for fixing holes in my kayak caused by the summer heat . The kayak does not have any leaks now . Thanks for sending it so quickly .
 This DashMat is terrific . I could not believe how well it fit , installation was a breeze , and it really does a good job protecting my dashboard . The quality of the product is very good .
 It worked
 It was exactly what they claimed it to be . It installed quickly and easily . We rec 'd it quicker than was estimated and that was a bonus : -RRB-
 Used this product on a 1976 motorhome that I recently painted and it worked out great . By far the best price out there . Have seen many others at several times the price .
 I did n't think I was going to find this but I did and am much happier . I used this on my snowmobile trailer to cover all the screws .
 Works great and no need to splice together long runs . Make sure to warm in the sun or indoors before installing . Makes it easier .
 THIS PRODUCT WORKED GREAT FOR ME ! I HAVE NEVER ATTEMPTED ANYTHING LIKE THIS BEFORE SO I WAS A BIT WORRIED IF I COULD DO IT . I LIVE IN THE DESERT SO I APPLIED THE PRODUCT AFTER LETTING IT SIT IN THE SUN A BIT ! MADE IT VERY EASY TO WORK WITH ! COVERED THE CAMPER SHELL RIVITS UP IN HALF HOUR MAX ! THE ONLY THING I DID WRONG WAS NOT ALLOW FOR SHRINKAGE ! IT 'S NOW AFTER BEEN APPLIED ABOUT 1/4 SHORT ON THE END WHERE I APPLIED IT ! I HAVE PLENTY LEFT AND WILL RE-APPLY IT NEXT SUMMER AND ALLOW FOR SHINKAGE !
 The shipment was fast , and very easy to install , and looks good after it was installed . It would be a good option to consider .
 Good product and easy to install , however does not fit well on trim around side door curves . bunches up in corners and does not conform to corners to look as original product . Great for long straight runs .
 Replaced vinyl insert lining on both sides of trailer which were damaged by hail . Product was excellent and easy to use .
 We have a used rental houseboat that was missing about 60 ft. of the vinyl insert on both sides of the boat . It looks great , was easy to install , and finishes off the look perfectly . Took only about 20 minutes to install the 60 feet needed .
 I have been removing the rusted trunk pan from my '65 Impala SS and was using a regular chisel to break apart the left over spot weld after I used the spot weld cutter . I felt like the chisel was doing more damage than it was good so I searched for a better tool and found this one . It makes quick work of breaking apart welds and fits very well into tight spaces . I wish I would have found this tool before I started my project instead of wasting my time with the wrong tool .
 The Spectra Premium HO12A Fuel Tank for Honda Integra , is the perfect fit for my Acura Integra 1998 , now my integra can run every day .
 Used this on my 2002 Pontiac Montana.Like lower pressure cap in older cars.Good quality , metal is thicker then the no name brands .
 If you 're one of those people who do your own mechanical work on your own vehicles , at some point you 've probably dealt with tiny persistent coolant leakage . A couple of drops of antifreeze on a water neck bolt or an old radiator that is too good to scrap but has a wet spot that never goes away . Or a weak water pump that is starting to leak . Sometimes your best bet is to go to a lower pressure cap to keep your coolant where it belongs . This will give you the time you need to decide what your other options are ... but it works so well most of the time you never need to do anything else !
 OEM product delivered quickly at a good price , idle is now steady and downshifts are firmer . This part in addition to a new mass airflow sensor has resulted in a huge improvement in mileage , about 1.5 mpg better . Long overdue at 159k miles , I should have done this a long time ago .
 Awesome cover !! Install took about 45 minutes with and tools and the truck looks better and functions better.The best part about this tonneau is1 - it can be rolled up to fit taller things in the bed2 - it can be removed as a whole unit just by lifting it at an angle3 - it tilts up for easy access to the bedBest all around cover !
 easy return . bummer that it does not indicate if it is driver or passenger side . Will try and reorder the correct size .
 It only took about 15 minutes to replace this fuel filter on my 1998 Cadillac Eldorado . It was a perfect fit and the car runs great after its replacement .
 I 've always used Stant as replacement parts on cars and trucks , and I was pleasantly surprised when I found this one for the old Honda Goldwing I 'm restoring . That , plus the great price at Amazon.com , and it 's perfection !
 Great price and works great . I was having some overheating issues , I changed everything else , nothing worked , Until someone asked me if I had a cap with the lever , I did so I ordered an OEM . This was the solution . Next time I 'll start with this .
 It was a drop in replacement for our RV . Was a bit tough to remove all the old sealant , but overall was an easy fix.Good product and was cheap !
