 Within a few days of wearing this watch the star studs started falling out . A few months after owning the watch the three fell off inside the glass . I barely wore the watch after two studs fell out . It is sweet looking when it first arrives , but keep an eye out for silver star studs falling out if you ever where it .
 I bought this model last month ; was excited about the `` triple sensor '' features . It is a let down ! It 's basically good for just telling time.The compass settings were off ; had to be recalibrated manually.The barometer readings do n't help much in predicting the weather ... The manual go back and forth on its usefulness.The altimeter readings are useless ; they have to be recalibrated every time you change altitudes significantly.The thermometer is accurate -- but only if are n't wearing the watch for 30 minutes!The countdown timer goes up only to 60 minutes.The backlight does n't have the `` stay on '' feature that Timex indiglo watches have . So , when you are trying to make settings to the watch in the dark , you are constantly interrupted by the fact the the light goes off after 2.5 seconds . Timex watches are smart enough to keep the light on if you are pressing other buttons .
 My 8yr old daughter LOVES legos . She was so excited to find a girls lego watch . She saved her money and waited anxiously for the watch . Unfortunatly it does not stay on well , is not designed for little wrists , and is very bulky . She wants to wear it , but it falls apart a lot .
 I bought this for a Christmas present for my niece and ended up returning it . At first , I thought maybe some of the pieces were missing from the package as it appeared to have been previously opened , but I do n't think that was the case . It just looked really cheap so I returned it and got a Timex with a butterfly-theme band . She loves it !
 I got this watch , and it was MUCH bigger and heavier than I expected . Not only that , the face of the watch rolls over a lot , and hurt my wrist . I loved the colors , but I had to get rid of the watch . Buy this if you 're looking for a huge , funky watch , -LRB- and you do n't mind hauling a bit of extra weight -RRB- . If you 're looking for a more delicate sort of bracelet , I 'd go with something else .
 The band breaks easy and is hard to replace . The functions are difficult to understand .
 Be careful when shopping on Amazon ; each company has its own return policies and some are ridiculous . WatchZone fits that category - especially for X-Mas shopping . Small window in which to return , must have exact packaging -LRB- even though at X-Mas you take it out of shipping box and wrap it in something smaller -RRB- , and all sorts of extra costs to ship and for return processing . This is negated only if the product is defective . Hard to know with watches what will work , so it is imperative to have a company who has flexible return policies . Beware !
 Purchased two N.O.S. Mondaine watches on a close out special , installed fresh batteries.One never worked the other only worked sporadicly . Avoid this brand .
 We had this model for a month , my husband was wearing it and bumped the moulding if the kitchen door as he passed by . It stopped working . there is a reason it is discounted so low ... do n't buy it !
 Fogged up after 3 months.Dont buy one unless your never going to get it wet.Warrenty void if water damage , even though its supposed to be a pro divers watch .
 All I can say about this watch is that it keeps time and has a nice Indiglo backlight . The compass is useless . Every time I 've calibrated the compass it seems at first to be OK , but a few days later it 's way off again . I made sure not to store it near any metallic or magnetic objects , but it still goes bonkers . Now it wo n't even calibrate any more - when I rotate the watch 360 degrees in the horizontal plane after `` calibration '' , the compass needle wo n't turn a complete circle . Yeah , this watch is much cheaper than other compass watches , but the compass is useless and it 's expensive for a cheap watch . If you want a compass watch that works , get a Casio or Suunto - much more money but actually functional .
 I had this watch for about 3 years . I find the compass calibration non-intuitive . I have n't used it for over a year , and now I wanted to use it . Unfortunately , I lost the manual , and I could n't figure out how to calibrate the compass . I went to the Timex website and find it totally useless . The website does n't contain any instructions how to calibrate . Can anyone of you help me out ? Would appreciate it .
 Started having problems with the watch immediately . At first the clasp was too hard to open , and then it would n't stay closed . Every time I take the watch off it opens and slides and I have to readjust the band . Second , the wiring in the mesh band has started to fray and often gets caught on my clothing . And 3rd two of the crystals around the face have fallen out and I have n't even had the watch more than 3 months and do not wear daily .
 This watch is advertised as being Water Resistant to 330 feet . After a couple of weeks of use , I noticed that moisure was building up on the inside of the watch . Now , exactly one month after purchase , it has stopped working altogether . Maybe it was just a fluke so I am going to return to Amazon and try again . I love the look and feel of the watch so I hope it was just the particular one that was sent to me !
 The previous reviews are all correct . Inexpensive , silent and easy to load watches . However , I have had this unit overwind two watches . These are $ 200 Japan automatic movements so I was n't very happy . Might be better on a swiss movement , but why would you want to risk a more expensive watch on this winder .
 Purchased 2 Rolex watches , they are motion winded , so I bought this product . It has 3 settings for various lengths of time . They only run the first time and then do not go on again . you have to turn the switch off and then on again to make it start up again . I do n't know if this is how all of them work or if mine is broken . If they read this , I would like to either return the unit or get a replacement that works.Thank you , SRS
 I am very disappointed with this watch winder . None of my 4 automatic watches fit the holders . The compartments where you strap the watches on to are designed to fit men 's watches . I do not have unusually small wrists - even for a girl - but even at the smallest setting of the holder -LRB- and its quite a challenge to get it to that size -RRB- , I am unable to close the bracelet of the watch . Leaving the bracelet open will cause it to jerk around while the mechanism is turning and probably scratch it . So for me to be able to use this watch winder I had to buy a kitchen sponge and cut it up to stuff the remaining space between the holder & the bracelet when left open . Its a pathetic solution but it was better than wasting the $ 45 -LRB- $ 35 + S&H ;-RRB- I spent on the winder . Considering how much these watches cost me , I should have invested on a decent watchbox/winder . And no , THERE IS NO PLACE TO PUT BATTERIES and the AC adapter is 110v ONLY . I 'll have to get one of those silly converters if I want to use it back home -LRB- 220v -RRB- . INVEST IN SOMETHING BETTER !
 I bought this product a little over six months ago and it worked great until 3 weeks ago . I tried to contact the seller about a fix or replacement and have heard nothing from them leading me to write this review . The product is good while it lasts , but the failure in about half a year combined with poor customer service lead me to rate this product with 2 stars .
 The first one did n't work when I received it & the replacement worked about 8 weeks & then quit . On top of that , I had to pay the return shipping for the replacement . Too cheaply made!Tom
 loved how quiet it runs , have one double the price and twice the noise ! only one problem , the bottom turn table stopped within the first week !! yet the top turn table kept working . contacted amazon and they secured a return . only problem cost $ 11.00 to return . seems the quality control needs improving !
 This product does n't spin fast enough to keep the watch charged . My husband has 2 automatic watches and they both went dead in the 3 hour rest time . It just does n't spin fast enough or long enough to maintain the charge .
 I am not a watch collector but have some atomatic watches . I 've been shopping for reasonably priced watch winders for months.I purchased this product . It was very cheap so I had to try.Two major major problems .1 . Too noisy . I had to turn it off at night . Maybe I am too sensitive ? 2 . one hour winding is not enouh . my watchs ' power reserve level goes down little by little.I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT .
 This item did not keep my Breitling automatic watch from stopping . It was also NOT silent , as a matter of fact it is noisy.You get what you pay for .
 Forget about cheap winders and buy an inexpensive one . check the Internet like I did once mine broke after 10 days . I now have all sorts of winders and am grateful for the deals . And thanks Amazon.com for the speedy refund .
 I 'm really disappointed by this product and the manufacturer.The top winder of the device quit after two months of ownership . Garinin does not respond to my emails for support.I disassembled the device to determine what 's wrong and possibly repair it myself . It turns out the gears are cheap plastic and deteriorate rapidly . Yes , this is the `` new improved '' model I bought.For as long as I have it , I found that the winder DOES NOT increase the charge of a SEIKO KINETIC , probably because it runs too slow -LRB- about 4 RPM -RRB- . It does fine at keeping a mechanical automatic ticking , but it does n't provide enough energy to a electric Kinetic even at the highest setting.I highly recommend looking at another manufacturer .
 This device works but it is very noisy . The part that secures the watch to the system is not well designed . If all you need is a device for keeping your watch wound then this machine does the job and the price is right .
 First , the holders for this are really meant only for men 's watches . Smaller watch bands will hardly fit around the spring loaded mechanism.Second , one of the two winding `` ports '' stopped working after a month . I could temporarily get it to work by moving it manually , and now it does n't work at all .
 Double Automatic Vertical Watch Winder Box with Built in Multi Setting Smart IC Timer Will not wind automatic kinetic watches . Restocking fee and shipping charges make it impractical to return . This nonfunction for kinetic automatics not listed in item 's description .
 Very cheaply made . Subpar quality . The one I received did not work properly . Also , it took numerous emails and calls and approx . 1 month to get a refund . DO NOT PURCHASE .
 This item did not keep my Breitling automatic watch from stopping . It was also NOT silent , as a matter of fact it is noisy .
 This watch winder only worked one day and has not worked since - I do not recommend at all .
 My boyfriend purchased this to house his two nice watches -LRB- one Tag and one B&M ;-RRB- . It worked fine , was a little noisy , but kept his watches in order . The unit died about seven months in ... I 'm looking for a replacement now.At best , a temporary solution . I would recommend spending more to get a better product .
 This is my second watchwinder . First lasted 2 months , this one 7 months . -LRB- Forget about getting your money back -RRB- . Very good while it worked.Seems to be same as Techswiss model . I wonder why its so difficult tomake a reliable one . its not exactly high tech technology . Ripoff I suppose .
 I did recieve my watch winder in perfect condition ! . Loaded my two automatics in it . Its been 2 days and the winder does work ... starting and stopping as per the timer and it operates silently too ! However , it does not wind ! Both my watches , an Omega men 's Speedmaster and a women 's Constellation ... have now stopped after sitting in it for 2 days!As far as I am concerned the product does not meet its purpose .
 Its plastic but it looks really great . Silent with a host of features -LRB- clockwise , counter clockwise , etc -RRB- . But less than six months later , the top winder died . So only the lower winder is working now . Which also means I have to get another one coz I have a pair of watches.Read the reviews . On average , I think the lifespan is around six months . If it last longer , it could be just good luck.After reading feedback from other users that pleas for help are ignored , I decided not to bother and buy another better one .
 I had this winder for approximately one month before it died completely . It 's made in China and it 's not even UL listed , which is something you should consider if you leave it plugged-in when you are not home .
 It 's a good winder if it works . My winder stopped working after a couple of months . I contacted the seller about the one year warranty and they did n't honor it . You get what you pay for .
 I bought this product for a Mont Blanc watch I have . I have tried all the settings to ensure that I do n't have to wind my watch on a daily basis , but to no avail.Further however , the product has been extremely temperamental , not working sometimes ; having to stop and start it several times before it actually re-syncs itself and starts to work again . Around a month after I had bought it however , it completely stopped working and has n't worked since.This is a poor product , although I may have just been unlucky in the one I received or the particular watch that I have . Either way , I 'm back to winding the watch manually every morning , as God intended !
 I have four of these winders and one just stopped dead in its tracks after about a month . I swapped the power supply from another unit and it still does n't work . I guess you do have to pay alot for a good winder .
 I bought this winder for my husband because of the price . But it is so loud !!!! We had to put it another room because it was way too noisy for the bedroom . I would n't recommend this . I guess sometimes you get what you pay for .
 THE PRODUCT TOOK 8 DAYS TO DELIVER , -LRB- A LITTLE LONG , I THOUGHT -RRB- PRODUCT WAS PACKED CORRECTLY AND ARRIVED INTACK . THREE PROBLEMS FOR ME . ONE , THERE WERE NO DIRECTIONS AND IT TOOK ME A LITTLE WHILE TO POSITION WATCH , TWO WATCH IS A HEAVY ROLEX-TYPE AND MOVED AROUND WHILE THE MACHINE IS IN OPERATION -LRB- A LITTLE FOAM UNDER WATCH , FIXED THIS PROBLEM -RRB- AND FINALLY , THE DAMM THING IS NOSEY BUT OTHER THEN THAT IT WORKS CORRECLTY WITH 1 HOUR IN OPERATION , AND 3 HR AT REST . AND WHEN YOU CONSIDER THE PRICE , ALL IN ALL A GOOD VALUE .
 I bought 3 of these - and now none work ! Very poor quality and not recommended
 It works great but I only wished it could have been sent to my Canadianaddress .
 Product did n't work ... no reply from the seller -LRB- AA store -RRB- on returning it . It looks like it may have been nice though ...
 I do n't understand they said this was a new and improved product . Well it quit work after about a month . I wanted to contact the seller but have not had time to .
 I bought this product as a gift for a friend and came to realize that it does not even work . I was pretty disappointed by this . Who can i contact to return this item ?
 I have bought two of them and after a year of working the both stop working . I opened them and the motor and electronics that they use is very cheap I would n't recommend them .
 At first , I thought this was a pretty good deal . I figured I could tolerate the somewhat cheap , plastic appearance because of the favorable price . However , the winder lasted only six months before dying . At a rate of two per year , the price starts to look a lot less favorable !
 I bought this to save time . It does not spin long enough to keep the watchs to keep accurate time after 3 days . After three days the watches require you to reset them . This was the case with two different watches from two different companies . It was supposed to save me time and in the long run it does not . So , it is worthless .
 Received this unit in nonworking condition . Had been already sent to another buyer , and had been returned with a note saying -LRB- Does n't Work ! -RRB- . It was then sent to me . I 've sent two emails with no response from either the seller or Amazon . Have filed for a nonpayment claim with Master Card . My Advice -- do n't buy this watch winder !
 I have owned two of these winders , formerly under the name SwissTech or TechSwiss or something like that . Like most cheapskates , I bought them because of the price . Both worked well for about six months and then they up and died . I will not buy another . My wife says bite the bullet and buy a more expensive and therefore -LRB- ??? -RRB- reliable one . But which one ?!
 Unit looks good `` thus 1 Star '' . However it was DoD ! emailed 6/23/08 WATCHPAVILION for RMA . Will see how this RMA process goes ... Second review awaiting ... Second Review
 I agree with everyone about the design but you get what you pay for , I bought my on September 14 , 2006 today is November 24 and it 's in the garbage.One of the watches stopped turning . I tried to open but was unsuccessful without breaking it.One of the little rubber drive belts was gone , so is the watch winder .
 The alarm is very difficult to set & to see . You have to have very good ears to hear the alarm sound .
 I was replacing a 2 year old Timex Expedition that was giving up the ghost and I have to admit the new 4 button format used by this watch is beyond me . Toggling back and forth through the time zones , getting the date to display vs the time , etc. is much more complicated than it needs to be.Overall , it 's a nice looking watch and has a great set of features , but late at night with jet lag and needing to catch a flight a 6 am , I start wonder if I set the alarm in the right time zone , among other things.Finally , I start to wonder if buying a $ 40 watch every couple of years is more economical than buying a $ 150 watch and having it last a lifetime . So back it goes to Wallmart .
 I bought this watch a few years ago . I like the luminous dial , and it has proven to be an accurate and rugged watch . I am disappointed that after a few years the plastic watch band cracked and was no longer usable . Given the price of this watch , and all the military specifications Luminox claims to meet , I did not expect this to happen . I assumed this must have been a defective watch band . When I contacted Luminox to point this out , and asked if they would replace it , they sent me a very curt and direct message in which they stated : `` The warranty does not apply to the band , crystal , crown , bezel or battery . `` In looking for a replacement band , I discovered that authorized Luminox distributors sell them for $ 39.00 . I think this is bit ridiculous for a watch band that only lasted a few years . I 've bought complete Timex digital watches for less than the price of this band , and never had the watch band break . In shopping around , I found a Timex watch band made for Casio watches that looked like the original Luminox watch band . I bought it for $ 8.87 at Wal-Mart . While I still like the Luminox watch itself , I 'm very unhappy with it coming with either a defective or very cheap watch band . I 'm also very unimpressed with Luminox 's customer service . Given my experience , I 've come to the conclusion that Luminox watches are overpriced , and their service is poor . If I could do it all over , I would n't buy this watch again .
 I was very excited when I placed this order . Even after reading all of the bad reviews , I thought this has to be a good watch for the price . Especially with all of the military specs the company brags about . I received my first watch and could not move the crown . I emailed and tried to call Luminox support . No one would call or email me back `` RED FLAG '' ! I then sent the watch back and got a second Luminox replacement . It arrived and just was not a quality watch . I was afraid to get it wet . My final verdict is read the reviews . I think this was originally a good watch company , but due to it 's mass production it has gone the way of the dollar , not the customer . End note ; Cheaply made watch and bad customer service !
 I bought this watch a few years ago . I like the luminous dial , and it has proven to be an accurate and rugged watch . I am disappointed that after a few years the plastic watch band cracked and was no longer usable . Given the price of this watch , and all the military specifications Luminox claims to meet , I did not expect this to happen . I assumed this must have been a defective watch band . When I contacted Luminox to point this out , and asked if they would replace it , they sent me a very curt and direct message in which they stated : `` The warranty does not apply to the band , crystal , crown , bezel or battery . `` In looking for a replacement band , I discovered that authorized Luminox distributors sell them for $ 39.00 . I think this is bit ridiculous for a watch band that only lasted a few years . I 've bought complete Timex digital watches for less than the price of this band , and never had the watch band break . In shopping around , I found a Timex watch band made for Casio watches that looked like the original Luminox watch band . I bought it for $ 8.87 at Wal-Mart . While I still like the Luminox watch itself , I 'm very unhappy with it coming with either a defective or very cheap watch band . I 'm also very unimpressed with Luminox 's customer service . Given my experience , I 've come to the conclusion that Luminox watches are overpriced , and their service is poor . If I could do it all over , I would n't buy this watch again .
 Luminox has a two year warranty . After 11 months the stem came completly out of the watch . Luminox would not fix it under warranty because they said Amazon was not an authorized dealer . Beware .
 At least Timex customer service gets the watch back in under a month.I bought the watch the end of March . By June the crystal had a crack in it . It 's not like I 'm a rock climber -- there was no impact of which I 'm aware . Luminox customer service makes it clear that the crystal is n't covered -- but it will take over a month for them to replace it -LRB- for $ 65 with shipping ! -RRB- and get it back . Really sorry that I bought this watch .
 Do n't believe that just because they put a Navy Seals emblem on the watch that it will withstand the rigors of hard training . The LUMINOX 3900 series is an overpriced piece of crap !! I bought it because I liked the simple , conservative and practical design for a field watch ... not a flavor flav watch on my wrist like the crap retailers push nowadays . So , shortly after putting it on my arm and I started wearring it during OCS training , it broke . It broke when I low crawled through the muck and through the `` Quiqley '' -LRB- if you are a Marine Officer , then you know what I am talking about -RRB- . I was pissed off and it sat in the original jewelry watch box it came in . I went through a bunch of watches and nothing lasted . So , I figured I would give it another shot . I had it repaired by the only authorized Luminox repair shop -LRB- Saltzman 's repair -RRB- in the U.S. With parts and labor it came to approx . $ 260 to repair . Trust me , it is expensive to repair for this Marine . Guess what ? It broke again ... a year later . I was n't even in training . I was recovering from my second spinal surgery and I just used it as a plain time piece on my wrist . It broke again when I used the knob to change the time . I will be damn if I pay another dime to get this piece of trash fixed !! My old Casio from High School lasted a lot longer and went through more abuse than this piece of Cr@p!!! They need to take the Navy UDT/Seal emblem off of it because it does n't deserve to wear it !
 This band is defiantly not for water , it remains wet for hours and catches bad odorI had to replace the band.The watch is also disappointing looks more a toy watch than a military .
 This is a beautiful watch and I was so anxious for it to come in the mail . However , I needed to adjust the band for my wrist and once I figured out how to do it the entire `` catch '' came apart and I could never get it back together . Neither could others recruited to help me . I had to return it unused -- I was very frustrated .
 The two faced Skagen watch we purchased was a good buy but the owner needs 3 hands to close / secure the watchband . Not user friendly !
 I purchased this watch in April 2007 for my wife , who needed a stylish dual-time zone watch . Unfortunately , one of the clocks stopped working accurately within 1 month , and the other stopped entirely within 3 months . A watchmaker identified the problem as defective watch movements -LRB- not batteries , water or abuse -RRB- . It is a disgrace that a company charging over $ 100 for a watch ca n't put in the same quality mass-produced Japanese movement that one gets in a $ 10 watch elsewhere -LRB- and which costs less than $ 1 wholesale -RRB- . What good is style if the watch ca n't tell the time ?
 I have this watch for quite some time and within one year I had to replace the watchband twice , now the third time it seems to have a stronger mesh link . It has gotten expensive every time to mail in the watch and spend U % 35 . -- for a new band . I also just had it serviced and when it came back , my second dial is not working anymore . Very disappointed from Skagen Service after getting it cleaned -LRB- another U$ . !! -RRB- to receive it broken bad .
 delivery time was fast . But the watch in just a weeks time of wearing the surface was scratched so badly I can not wear it anymore . I have owned many fossil watches and never had the face scratch like this .
 Other than 3 things this would be a great watch . First the second hand on the stop watch does not index on the second marks . Second there is a pin on the clasp that has come out 3 times in 4 months . And last this is not the band it came with . For some reason it came with a plain stainless band instead of the black PVD inserts . It does keep good time and the illumination ca n't be beat so , I guess you pays your money and takes your chances .
 I received this watch with much anticipation . It came in an impressive bright yellow large box . The watch itself looks great , but ... it did n't work ! The chronograph works , but does n't tell time . Called Invicta customer support , and sure enough , pretty much DOA . With lots of other negative quality reviews , will stick with Citizen or Bulova . Invicta customer care is lackluster to say the least .
 You get what you pay for . I would say this watch is worth $ 99 , and quite frankly , you ca n't buy a fine swiss watch for that price . I own several , including Tag , Rolex , Omega , and Movado . This piece does not approach any of those in quality or feel , which is how it should be considering the cost . This watch keeps good time , is WR to 100M , and has a sapphire crystal , which are all positives.I do have a couple of complaints . The description states that one of the sub-dials is for 1/10 sec . This is not true , the 6:00 sub-dial shows the date , which is totally worthless because it is almost illegible , and the date is already displayed at the 4:00 position . The pointer for the 30 min sub-dial does not line up perfectly with the display marks , and the hands , which Invicta says should glow for 20 hours , do not illuminate in the dark at all.Overall , given the price point , I am satisfied . However , if I had known all of the negatives in advance , I probably would not have even spent the $ 99 .
 I love this watch . I wore it all the time . But the strap is held onto the watch part by a thin material and two screws . The material ripped and it looks like I have to order a new band . I hesitate to bother ordering a new band however , knowing how bad the design is . Very disappointing considering how attractive the watch is .
 Christmas gift to husband , band broke in mid February . No one can fix it . To send it back to company costs over half the price of orignial watch . Afraid that the band will just break again , so spending that much to replace it is impractical . Several watch repair and jewelry stores all say they can not repair or replace band because it is held on by two small screws or brads , not like normal or most watch bands . It was too expensive of a watch to last less than two months . However it is beautiful and the time piece , the actual watch , works just fine . There should be some way to replace the band .
 Watch is very pretty when new , but a few months later the mesh band got discolored and the mirrored border inside the glass started to peel , which resulted in ugly black marks . Never before had I had this kind of experience with Skagen .
 The watch works fine , but the band is discoloring as fast as two weeks later . It 's a pretty watch and a pity watch .
 I am very disappointed with this watch , it 's not what I was expecting . I 've had `` easy readers '' before and they have very large dials with big numbers . The face on this watch is only slightly larger than a regular ladies watch . And the photo of it shows it with a leather watch band , and the main description says leather band . But if you read in the fine print , it comes with a `` croco-leather '' band ... which means cheap , plastic looking , fake crocodile material . There 's a reason that none of the watch dealers give dimensions on their ads ... it 's called deception .
 I purchased this as a gift for my husband . He wanted a watch with an alarm but does n't like digital watches . the alarm works great and the watch looks terrific . only problem is that the watch does n't keep time . I think the stem gets bumped and the watch turns off . The watch is currently in my husbands dresser drawer . He does n't want to throw it away because it is such a nice watch but he ca n't wear it because it 's not dependable .
 The watch is okay , but the mother of pearl lacks luster and color . Disappointing .
 nice styling - now if it only kept time . can not compare with less expensive timex .
 Not working on receipt . Returned to sender . Replacement not available
 Slick watch alarm does n't work . Seller very helpful , offers to resend item . But no thanks
 The seller publish a leather band watch but it was a stainless steel band . When I has informed this mistake the seller has informed that it did not have the leather band model in stock and , if I would like , I could return the item . I was in a business trip with no time to proceed like this , so I decided to keep the watch . But I 'm boring about this .
 I need send the watch to the jeweler because the watch do n't come with batteries and no have any instructions about how install them .
 the watch is cheaply made , but i knew it would be for the price . unfortunately , i was not sent the watch i ordered . i was sent the 10 $ blue faced watch when i ordered the 20 $ black faced watch.the watch is still working , however .
 ok if your reading this you may be intrested in rolex . so buy wisely . first if this watch were ever to go back to rolex they would and will confiscate it . this day date has been pimped out and rolex will only service as the watch was sold originally and beleive me they have to much class and to much money to have ever sold this watch as an original . save your money and buy only from an authorized dealer . see my other reviews
 I 've owned 3 of these watches over the past 2 years . On the first one , I cracked watch face while doing some yard work . I broked the strap mount on the second watch . The third watch died after I went swimming in a pool . The displayed become fuzzy after I got out of the pool and it would n't work the following day . It 's too bad that the watch is not durable . I like the functions , the style , and the way it fits . It 's just built with cheap materials that wo n't last .
 It clearly says the watch offers the hands-free FLIX Indigo activation . However , that feature is not on this watch . That 's really the only reason I bought this model .
 This watch does not have the FLIX feature , though it is clearly advertised in the product description . This is blatant false advertising .
 I like this watch , but it bought this one because it was described as a flix watch . Upon arrival there was no flix feature , just the night setting . The watch itself gets five stars , it just was n't as advertised .
 I have had two of these watches and both died when getting wet . In the first case I was swimming in a lake and in the second I was in a wading pool with my son . I 'm really disappointed because I like the look and feel of the watch very much and have especially appreciated the indiglo light during middle-of-the-night feedings or nap time checks . I just ca n't justify buying a 3rd one when light swimming or splashing around in a kiddie pool break the thing !
 This is a cute little watch , but that 's all I 'll give it . The directions do n't have enough detail . Once I set the watch the time did n't move . I even had my son-in-law who is an electronic wiz take a look at it and he could n't do anything with it . I had to send it back . Frustrated !
 It 's a decent watch . But it is clearly advertised as water resistant to 165 feet . This means that the watch can be submersed in shallow water -LRB- pool water -RRB- . But this one ca n't . Once used in a pool at no more than 4 feet depth , instant death . Had the watch for 2 weeks . It should be labeled as 100 feet , which means it can deal with rain and splashes of water .
 I bought this watch to replace a Nike one that did n't last at all . It is comfortable and cute . BUT , I ca n't change the time or any of the other functions . The light wo n't work and if you bump the wrong button it goes into a different mode . I am looking for a replacement and will not buy another like this one . Very disappointed in Timex .
 The product does n't seem to be made well . Materials seem to be cheap . The strap is too broad and thick for me . The watch seems a bit bulky.I wanted a watch that would stop working if it ever got wet and I liked the different colors.Disappointed . My wrist seemed to hurt if I wore it for an extended period of time , so I wore it just occasionally such as when I traveled , in order to safeguard my more expensive watch . It worked okay for a while , then a button fell out . The end came when I was wearing it on the beach one day and unexpectedly had a huge wave crash over me . The watch was wet for just a minute or so , but it fogged up , water got inside and it stopped working . Save your money , buy a better watch which is truly water resistant .
 I bought this watch cause i really liked the look of it and the color and the reviews for it were mostly good . I also needed a watch that was waterproof so that I did n't need to take it off every time i went near water . One small thing that i found annoying was that when setting the time or alarm or anything , you could n't go down so if you go one minute too high you have to go ALL the way back around . One more thing is that on the timer , you have to reset it every time that you use it . For example , if I set 5 minutes on it , and then pressed start , once it gets down to 0 , and I want to use it again I have to reset the whole thing . There was one giant problem with the watch for me . On here it said that it was waterproof . The very first time that it got wet for me it fogged up inside , and I could n't read the numbers as easily . About a week later , water droplets started getting in my watch . Then all of the numbers disappeared and now its blank . If you ask me , you can find a watch a LOT better than this . It may not look as cool , but this one did n't work at all for me . I had it for less than a month .
 I am a long time user of Timex Ironman watches , but really only needed a stopwatch currently so chose this less expensive option . Boo . The programming is nothing like the Ironman 's , is completely counter-intuitive and the little buttons are not exactly conducive to capturing an accurate time . Spend the additional $ 15 and get an Ironman as this is a waste .
 I really liked this watch at first , although I thought there was an excessive amount of button-pushing involved to use any of the functions . It is supposedly water resistant , but after a particularly sweaty work-out , I noticed condensation inside the lens , and so I did n't let it get moist again . I 've had it all of * six months , * and it died . Took it apart and it is full of crud . I 've never seen a cheaper watch . It 's not even worth it to send it in for a warranty replacement .
 This watch proved to be impossible to program the basics of date and time into ... I finally had to buy another ` analog ' watch .
 I am going to return this watch if I ca n't figure out how to set the date , etc. . Timex wathches are always easy to set up . This is the first time I feel like I am dealing with a puzzle . I would n't recommend it unless you are a rocket scientist .
 Wrist watch
 I purchased this watch for a male . The face of the watch appears to be larger than it actually is . This is predominatly an athletic female watch.Furthermore , upon wishing to return the item , I noted the seller -LRB- The Watch Zone -RRB- charges a $ 10.95 restocking fee . Not worth buying from this company , when competitors have the watch for only a few more Dollars and guarantee your satisfaction . Also , there were no instructions for the watch in the box and so you are doomed to push buttons like a child until you can figure out the mechanism . Again this is a company problem .
 The watch works fine , but it does not make any sounds for the alarm , the hourly chime , or any other function I would expect it to . I suppose I could get that fixed , but it does n't seem to be worth the trouble , given that the watch is inexpensive . This does n't bother me all that much because I do not depend on those functions in my daily life , and I definitely do not want it to chime every hour . I 'm sure I just had the bad luck to get a rare defect , but I did .
 This watch is fine and keeps decent time . The face is definitely on the ` large ' size . The band and casing are decent quality . The date function does n't work well -LRB- it gets `` stuck '' between dates and frequently displays the wrong date -RRB- . I 've re-set the date numerous times to try to get it to work and it still only displays the correct date occasionally . Next time I 'll invest in a better watch - you get what you pay for .
 Ordered this watch but decided to return because it was just too heavy and bulky
 For the price I was not really expecting much . But from the picture I thought it may make a good display item for the cop in my family . I WAS WRONG ! It looks like something from a toy store that you would pay about $ 2.00 for . Whats more , it got here -LRB- somewhat timely -RRB- and did n't run.Save your money and time , this is not even cheap toy quality . In fact , if it were free it is not worth the cost of shipping and handling !
 This watch is very heavy , THICK and appears super fancy when you take it in your hand . In the picture it appears to be very elegant.I bought it and returned it immediately after receiving it .
 I bought one of these and it was dead on arrival . Clock did not work . I returned it to the vendor and they sent me another . Once again dead on arrival . The clock did not work and also the time adjustment dial did not work either . I 'm guessing based on my experience that this is just a low quality product all around . Why else would the two that I got be dead on arrival ?
 The Dog Tag watch came in and was exactly as it was pictured . Since it was a stocking stuffer for my husband , I just wrapped it up and slipped it in the stocking quickly without really looking at it . When it was opened , it did not work . I contacted the seller who took several days to respond , then he wanted all kinds of information etc all on a 3x5 index card . Plus I had to pay to ship it back . It was so cheap , I decided it was not worth the effort and money to ship the thing back . I took it apart , found what kind of battery it took and went out and bought a battery for it , which cost another $ 5 . Fortunately , when I replaced the battery , it started right up . So far , it is keeping time . However , I would think that a reputible business would test their products to ensure they are leaving their warehouse in working order . The battery probably cost more than the actual watch , so in my opinion , this seller should have been more willing to fix the product , or ship a replacement .
 I bought this watch looking for a `` classic '' time-piece go with suits and more formal dress . The band that comes with the watch is a strange clasp/hybrid that is hard to close . The band is also brown -LRB- and not black as it appears in the picture -RRB- . The face is white and the hands are silver making it very hard to read in some light . Also the face is plastic and not crystal and scratched within a week or so.I would avoid this watch .
 This watch is good looking and comfortable but as a collector of watches I was extremely disappointed by the overall quality for the price since the blue coloring of the actual watch began to scrape off of it indicating that the color is painted on and therefore subject to ugly scrapes and gouges .
 I 've been looking for a tide watch for awhile and recently bought the Lowdown in Gunship . A couple of my friends have had Nixon 's tide watches , the Lodown in particular , and everyone seemed to like them . Why , I 'm not sure because the tide settings are completely inaccurate for my beaches -LRB- Tampa , FL and Cocoa Beach , FL -RRB- . When the watch came in the mail , I was a little disappointed to see that the color was different from pretty much every picture found online . All the photos of the watch make the Gunship appear grey/blue and orange . In reality it 's more blue than I expected and the orange button is red . It 's still nice , just not what I expected . The materials look cheap , the watch is n't nearly as well made as I 'd expected and the material is so stiff it can be a little uncomfortable to wear.After spending some time reading the manual I realized there was no default setting for Tampa beaches . The closest thing was Panama City and it was nowhere near accurate . I tried using Nixon 's basic setting to customize the tide for my beach and that was also wrong . The gulf has some odd tides , sometimes with only one per day , so while Nixon 's formula for customizing tides may work in most places , it definitely does n't here.Next I tried setting it for Cocoa Beach , which is a little more regular and that tide time was also incorrect . It was n't terrible , but it was still wrong by about 5-7 minutes . Multiply that by a week and you 're going to be off by close to an hour at the end of the week.Pros : * Decent looking watch * Useful features -LRB- two time zones , future tides , wave counter , timer , chrono -RRB- Cons : * Inaccurate tides for many FL beaches * Poor tide customization methodIt 's not a huge deal that Nixon does n't include gulf beaches as defaults . They ca n't include every beach and I do n't expect them to . But I should at least be able to customize the tides to wherever I 'm at and Nixon 's method for doing that is poorly done.I ended up returning the Lowdown and gettingVestal 's The Brig , which I 'm much happier with .
 Nice style and look but after owning it for less than a year , brand new the case cracked and broke where it connects to the band , making it unwearable . Only option is to send it into Nixon to have a technician examine , either way it costs $ 22 to send in and even under warranty dose not cover `` wear and tare '' . Pretty lame considering it retails for over $ 100 . Consider this before purchasing .
 As you can read with the other reviews poor quality is a huge issue with this watch.I had the watch 2 days and it malfunctioned , It took 3 calls to Nixon -LRB- I finally gota hold of the customer service supervisor -RRB- to get them toissue a repair order . When I took the watch to the post office to Mail it back to Nixonthe person behind me saw my box and laughed , he had the same watch and had to send it backtwice.The Nixon Lowdown is a very good looking and comfortable watch , however for $ 90 you would think Nixoncould invest in quality and customer service.Be warned :1 . Many retailers will no longer take returns on Nixon Watches2 . If you have to return the watch to Nixon they require you to give them a credit card on ALL returns3 . This watch is complicated to set4 . The small print on the instructions tells you not to press the buttons underwater - an important detailGood Luck
 I have been wearing Nxion watches from their inception . All ... yes ... all of the watches I 've had from them , the battery is dead in less then a year . 6 months ago , I took all my Nixon watches to their offices for repair and battery replacement . They gave me the Lodown due to them not being able to fix one of the watches I gave them . Fast forward to today ... . The Lodown broke in the middle of the night . I woke up with the band broken off and the parts laying in the bed . I 'm now wearing one of the watches they replaced the battery on . This watch is now losing power . No surprise by me . Their battery 's never last longer then a year . I will never by a Nixon watch again .
 I got this watch for Valentine 's Day for my boyfriend . . it was a piece of crap . It looked nice but within the first week it had 2 scratches , and then -LRB- after him being really careful -RRB- 2 weeks after that it just stopped working -LRB- and it was n't a battery problem -RRB- . Dont waste your money on this cheap thing .
 I am so frustrated ! We bought a yellow lodown ... and within two weeks the band was discolored . The store would not take it back , but Nixon said they would replace it . It has been 1.5 months , and now they tell me they only have black or white and new colors may be available in June ! Really ? Spend $ 125 on a watch and it will take 5 months to replace it ! Do n't buy one ! The bands discolor immediately and then you are just SOL !
 I really like the size and functions of this watch . But even with the instructions my friends and I found this watch really confusing to use . You better be really patient , or preferably have the store set up the watch for you .
 Its the 3 watch i purchase 2 were out of battery within 5 months and this one not working options , menu and the hr doesnt stay permanently had to keep presing buttins to see hr
 It gets really dirty really fast and it is really expensive and it sucks i hate it alot alot alot of i want one ots 80 $ so screw it
 Watch looks great and has potential to be extremely useful . After attempting to set the time the watch went blank , reset and now has ROM fail displayed at all times which means the chip that stores all the info is useless ...
 I bought this watch with the idea that it would have accurate tide information-it dose n't . As a surfer I wanted a watch that would give me good &#34; preprogramed tide info &#34; . Tried to find tides for &#34; Corpus Christie &#34; Texas . No info , Closest beach was galveston ... about 40 minute difference . No way to offset . There is a basic beach mode which computes to about every 12 hours . Over a week the time goes way off . The pictures make it look like reading the watch is easy , it 's not . The black screen is really black and difficult to see unless you are in bright sunlight . Setting the this watch is difficult as well . Overall a bad choice . Would never buy another nixon product .
 I bought the Nixon lowdown watch and a few other models of Nixon for my kids since it was stylish and seems to be made well . At first the product looks great and well built with a pretty decent weight and feel to the body and strap . For the white model Lowdown watch , it gets really dirty and soiled very easily . I tried to scrub with soap and water with no luck as the dirt gets stained into the rubber . The strap is made of a chalky feeling rubber which at first seems okay but turned a tinted brown/gray color within a year period . The rubber housing where the strap connects to the watch broke off in 2 places where the pins were suppose to go into . I checked the Nixon website to view it 's 2 year warranty and it states that the strap and casing and many other normal things around the watch is not covered by the warranty . The Nixon quality is of VERY VERY POOR MATERIAL that is made cheaply and made to break within the warranty period and WILL NOT BE COVERED UNDER WARRANTY . Nixon knows there product is crap is why they do n't back it up.The warranty cover only watches that sits on a desk not being normally used and one day fails without touching the button or case . If the case falls apart it is not covered . I have Casio GShocks that is worn every day and still going strong over 5 years without and band breakage or reapirs needed . If you are looking for a disposible $ 100 crappy nice looking watch , then Nixon is what you want . If you want a watch that will last longer than a year and then some , then get a Casio . Nixon is my book is RANKED ZERO STARS for Quality and Warranty . Looks is 4-5 Stars . I recommend you stay away from this product !
 Ordered the Lodown for my 11 year old son for his birthday . After approximately 6 mos of use , the watch started to constantly reset itself . We replaced the battery but the watch continued to reset itself willy-nilly . The screw bracket where the band meets the case also broke without very much force . The last straw was when the watch started to beep continually - it seemed to be frozen . Had to remove the battery just to shut it up ! Wish I had read the reviews prior to purchasing . Nixon may be the cool watch to have but this model is very poor quality for $ 90.00 plus shipping ! Went to the Nixon website and they want a $ 67.00 pre-authorization on my credit card in case the repair does n't fall under warranty . That cost , coupled with the cost of postage to mail the watch to them , is prohibitive ! I might as well buy another watch for what that might cost me ! I wo n't purchase another Nixon .
 I received this watch as a gift for Christmas and was very excited . It worked great , was complicated to set but that 's no reason for a bad review . Then about a month and a half later , the watch malfunctioned showing ROM error . Did a bit of research found out that this was n't a unique problem , Nixon was reasonable to fix it but I do n't understand why I paid 100 $ for a watch that broke so quickly .
 I bought this watch because of the tide chart feature . The tide times are not even close . It even had a beach setting programed for the beach in my town and the tide predictions are off by hours ! Do not waste your money on this watch ! Right out of the box the screen also has a dark spot were the watch is malfunctioning . I wasted a hundred bucks on this horrible product . Please do n't do the same thing . Get a different watch ! I would give this watch no stars if this review would allow me to .
 Very dissapointed , do not purchase this watch . Blacked out and reset itself the first week I wore it . Not worth the money . If it comes into contact with water it becomes useless . I have several of them and all have done the same thing .
 One should always TRY ON something as `` personal '' as a watch . So , rather than do that - I ordered mine on line for the LOOK - the convenience -LRB- no straps -RRB- and the ease of pressing the `` buy '' button rather than doing some actual research . I now regret not having made a sane decision . The large size appeared to be right when I read the stats , but is n't . It is too big - and too stiff to adjust to anything - including moving it up to my forearm . The digital function is hard to set - and worse yet , ca n't be seen in its unlit window . I bought mine on Ebay , so no return . Am definitely going to have to GIVE this away , but it was $ 60 . and that hurts ...
 This is the second of these type watches I 've purchased in 6 weeks . The first lost the top of the watch in 31/2 weeks . I tried again with this purchase , and after 3 days the watch band broke.I think the Nike product is just put together poorly , and is no reflection on the vender , who saved me more than 1/2 price from the retail price .
 parece de juguete es muy peque & ntilde ; o y se da & ntilde ; o al tiempo muy rapido , mi esposa no pudo usarlo por mucho tiempo
 The watch while undamaged looked as though it had been returned by a previous customer who tried to put it back in the original packaging unsuccessfully . In addition , the packaging was cheap . I have bought Timex watches for over 40 years ands have never seen one so poorly and unattractively packaged . Add to that the aforementioned fact that it looked as though it were used and this was not something you wanted to give as a gift . Very disappointed !
 This watch is advertized with a stainless steel bezel and a mineral crystal . NOT TRUE They are both made of plastic . Bug spray such as Deep woods off or Cutter will disolve the crystal and bezel leaving you with a milky crystal and disolved bezel . This is n't a good watch for the outdoorsman or Ironman unless you work out indoors on a treadmill.I found out the hard way but still within 2 weeks of recieving it so Amazon returned it for credit . Thank you Amazon for the credit . -LRB- Update to review -RRB- Amazon has now changed the description to more accurately describe the watch .
 it had to be returned because it was defective . What else can I say except that it did not work .
 I like everything about this watch -LRB- thin , lightweight , easy to read -RRB- but the knob catches on many items of clothing . This often pulls the knob out , which stops the watch , unbeknownst to its wearer . The result is you ca n't trust it to tell the time , which is a bad thing for a wristwatch . I have had it about 6 months , probably found that it had stopped 20 times or so . A few times I was aware of it , usually not . It has always been just the knob getting pulled out , presumably by clothing -LRB- because I 've seen it happen -RRB- .
 I loved this watch . It 's super light , looks good , and I loved the day/date function -LRB- it 's surprisingly rare anymore -RRB- . However , after about three and a half years -LRB- right after the warranty ended -RRB- the watch would stop occasionally . If you adjusted it to the current time , it would work again for awhile until it stopped once more . I thought it was the battery , so I replaced it , but that just made the problem worse . Eventually it stopped altogether.I know this is n't an expensive watch , but I had faith a Seiko watch would last longer than this .
 This is a mechanical watch . It was listed under atomic watches . Be careful . Read everything . You want to make sure you get what is desired .
 I LIKE Seiko watches . I 've worn them for amost 35 years . In its ad , this watch looked almost too good to be true , and it was when I got , tried to set it , and wear it that I found out how bad it is . The owner 's manual reads like it already assumes you know how to do every thing . Adjusting the bracelet to fit was a 3-hour struggle and there were NO directions on how to do it in the owner 's manual . I had bring it to a jeweler . Next , setting the watch 's day , date and time was a MAJOR pain . This watch has both English and Spanish day-name settings and getting the English day to stay with the date caused me to waste about 2 hours . The manual also stated something I found NOT to be true
 I have ordered this watch for my friend and when he received it he was disappointed for the following reasons :1 . Too small for men . Good for children only .2 . The weight was very light as if it is nothing .3 . Generally looks very cheep .4 . The price is very high for this watch .5 . The lock is also bad.The design is the only thing I liked .
 I ordered this watch and when it came in it looked nice , but I made the mistake of not opening the box when I received it . I gave it as an early Christmas gift -LRB- luckily because I was just barely in the 90 day window to dispute the charge through my CC company -RRB- and after it was opened , I was handed the watch and I immediately knew it was a fake just by the weight alone . The days are in Spanish and there is no feature on the watch to change it to English . I have purchased many titanium watches and none of them have ever been this light in weight . When I e-mailed Joma Shop about my issue they 1 -RRB- politely informed me that they have a generous 30 day return policy that I have exceeded and 2 -RRB- informed me that it is indeed an authentic Seiko watch and I should go to my nearest jeweler for them to tell me the watch is authentic . When I responded to inform them that I will not be going even more out of my way to have a jeweler assure me of authenticity of a watch I know is not authentic and that I disputed the charge through my credit card company and Amazon , I did not receive a response . You 're better of going to your nearest Wal * Mart to purchase a watch because it will definitely be sturdier than this Seiko knock-off !
 I received this watch form the Sports watch store on time , it came very fast . I love the look of this watch it is awesome with the red hour and minute hands that accent the black dial . I ordered it right away , and got it but I was VERY disappointed , the watch was perfect do n't get me wrong . The sizing is completely WRONG , the case diameter was way off , this is a very small watch . From the minute I opened it I did n't like it , and I was very upset that the sizing was wrong . The case diameter is more like 38 not 41mm . I wanted to return it and get something else . I went to return it and they were very fast on answering back , but since the company is in Singapore the shipping was ridiculous . FedEx was 90 $ and UPS was 50 $ definitely not worth it , and they did n't offer to pay the shipping which was stupid , so now I 'm stuck with it and have to figure out what to do with it . This is a fantastic watch , but if you order DO NOT ORDER IT FROM HERE ! order from a different company or get it off Ebay , do n't deal with this . hope this is helpful to everyone !
 Watch came with a dead battery . Very frustrating that after purchasing an inexpensive watch - on purpose , not even the battery was fully charged . Now I have to spend another $ 10 to replace the battery .
 The instruction manual suck - absolutely think Timex needs to get Americans to write the instruction manualIt is still sitting in the box !!!!!!!!
 I bought this watch as a replacement for an older Timex that had similar features . I love the features -- both analog and digital , alarm , timer , Indiglo , multiple time zones -LRB- it says three but it really is one analog and two digital time zones -RRB- . Unfortunately the rotating bezel did not work at all -- the numbers are there but it does not rotate at all . This was one of the reasons I bought this model.When it arrived , I started to set the time , alarm , etc. . The buttons were slow to respond and then it started beeping continuously -LRB- like a loud alarm -RRB- and none of the buttons worked at all . I could not get it to stop making noise and it did so for almost an hour.Eventually it stopped making noise and seemed to begin working properly again . I had read the other negative review but dismissed it as a one-time defect . Now that it has happened to me and did so right out of the box , I do not recommend this watch .
 I bought this watch a little over a year ago . Yesterday it started ringing and found that the battery needed to be changed . Spent $ 7.25 to have battery changed , started ringing in less than an hour . Went back to battery store and found the watch had fried the battery and was junk . I no longer had the recipt for proof of purchase for any warranty . I expected the watch to last longer then this .
 When I received this watch -LRB- Festina 160793 -RRB- , I immediately noticed that it had a few very small -LRB- but noticeable -RRB- scratches on the crystal and silver rim . At first , I thought is was a second that was sent to me by mistake . Also , the dual time dial was not working . The customer service agent explained that the dual time dial battery was out of power . He advised me to take the watch to any watch repair store to replace the battery ! For a brand new , never been used , expensive watch !! Also , it took me a bit of time to set the flip-over metal clasp mechanism on the leather band . In addition , due to the heavy weight of this watch , the turning knob was very uncomfortable against the top of my wrist . Finally , the watch comes with no booklet to explain how to set the time , set the dual time dial , and use the clasp mechanism . The design , packaging , and quality control of this watch needs work !!
 Good features , very accurate , but ... Crown is not screwdown , occasionally came up and analog time would stop . I would have to reset.Even worse , the crown fell off or was torn off . No longer possible to set analog time . No crown means water resistance probably compromised .
 Purchased this watch and wore it for about two weeks . I was very happy with the look , features , and feel . The digital programming was cumbersome , however , and not intuitive to operate . After two weeks , while I was programming the watch , the lower left programming button jammed . The digital feature became useless at that point . I am returning the watch to Amazon for a refund .
 The watch broke after only one year of mild use . One of the buttons fell off making it unusable . A life span of only a year is too short even for an inexpensive watch .
 When it first arrived -- it was easy to set up using the enclosed instructions and worked well.After a couple of weeks of wearing the watch one of the control buttons simply dropped off of it . This made it impossible to change any of the functions.I was most impressed with Amazon 's handling of the return and crediting the account .
 This is a cool looking watch , but it has too many useless features that you will never use . To make matters worse , the instructions are totally , utterly and completely worthless . I am a college educated professional , and after one hour screwing around with this watch , I finally threw up my hands in frustration and returned the damn thing to Wal Mart where I bought it . Nobody can understand the directions , and it 's impossible to figure it all out because the instructions that came with the watch are so poorly written . Nobody , not even my watch repair guy , can figure out how to set this stupid piece of crap . Furthermore , the icons in the digital window are so tiny you will need a very good magnifying glass just to see them and try to figure it out . I do not recommend this watch to anybody . Find something else .
 It 's my second Timex combo watch and surely the last one . They do not last more than 3-4 seasons of light outdoors . I used the Expedition Combo for canoe camping for no more than 60-70 days altogether and already 3 out of 4 control buttons stopped responding . Besides the procedure for setting up the alarm is so complicated that I have to bring a manual on every trip .
 Purchased Feb 2011 . Seemed durable . Good weekend / Travel watch . light.March 2012 -LRB- one year warranty -RRB- the hands stopped . Indiglo and digital clock work . Alarm and stop watch also still work . Will try new battery , but would not buy again .
 This watch has been highly disappointing . The entire watch froze up about a month after I first got it . I have received three replacements , one was completely dead when I got it , the other two died within a month . Timex does n't charge anything to send the watch back , just go to Wal-Mart and they will get you a yellow mailer to put your watch in . I am about to send my watch back again , due to the same freezing up problem . I have written a letter complaining about what a terrible product this is , and will fill keep you updated on how the next replacement goes .
 I have been wearing the Timex Expedition for years now . I like the dual display -LRB- hands and digital -RRB- and they seem to hold up quite well through all of my extreme activities . However , the price has gone up and up and is now almost out of control . I found this watch and the price seemed fair and I got it . I could n't wait to receive the watch but when I did , it 's all plastic now ... They used to be made of metal and I 'm doubtfull this will hold up . not much for the money
 I bought a Timex Expedition about three years ago . The buttons no longer work , the watch runs about five minutes slow , and the dial has corroded and leaves sores where it scratches against my arm . I paid nearly $ 200 for this thing , and I only wear it to the office , so it is very bizarre that it is in such horrible shape . I bought it here in France , but the store only gives a one-year warranty and it does n't do repair work . I have a 30-year-old Seiko that still keeps perfect time , and I 've got this three-year-old Timex that I might as well throw away . That 's pretty bad .
 The only time I was highly disappointed with amazon . I never got the product . It truly is a great product , just wish that I could have gotten it .
 I wanted an analog watch with an alarm . the digital setting was too difficult to set for the person i was giving the watch to . the buttons on the side were very small .
 I bought this as a backup while my everyday Citizens dive watch was being serviced . I figured an inexpensive Timex would work good . Well I was surprised when I started noticing that every other day or so I had to reset the analog time on the watch . The digital time holds up but apparently they are not linked . I 'd try another model perhaps
 Was in the peace corps for two years . The first expedition I had lasted 6 months and then condensation got in the watch and it stopped working . The second expedition I had -LRB- both were gifts -RRB- lasted maybe 4 months and then condensation got in that one and that was all she wrote . My third watch was a $ 2 watch I bought on the street that -LRB- while not being very attractive -RRB- lasted me the rest of my service and is still here somewhere in a drawer at my desk . So , if you happen to be given this watch as a gift , I would recommend not taking it outside .
 The first Timex Expedition Analog and Digital Combo was defective . The light stopped working almost immediately followed by two of the digital controls . The replacement watch was a little better , but the digital controls , again , only worked a couple of days . Local watch and Jewelry shops could not correct the problem . The instructions for the watch are poor at best . To Amazon 's credit their return procedures are excellent and credit and replacement is handled efficiently and quickly .
 Disappointed . After about a week I can &#8217; t set the date . Pretty cheap construction . I like the style and the green wrist band looks good with a matching green shirt , but clashes with most everything else .
 I bought it for a gift to a family for Christmas , I sent it to Costa Rica , and the surprise is not working or repairable . It makes no sense to return it to Amazon , is more expensive all the formalities of international shipping , as well as the time spent . Very badly damaged items sold .
 I bought this watch expecting it to be the kind of watch that I could wear everyday and not worry about it breaking . Timex 's marketing certainly made it seem this way , going as far as calling it an ` expedition ' watch . The build quality , though , turned out to be very cheap . The entire thing was made of plastic , which I would be fine with if it turned out to be durable plastic , but it was n't . The face became very scratched within the first few weeks , and , within 6 months the waterproofing failed . At this point it was scratched , filled with water , and completely unusable . I never took it below 5ft , which is well within its water resistance rating.Timex offers a limited warranty , but you have to pay shipping , so it 's completely useless on such a cheap watch.That said , it 's comfortable and easy to read , but that does n't matter if it 's this fragile .
 The band does n't last . The backlight remains on because the stem does n't always spring back causing the battery to wear out . Timex , to their credit , replaced it once but sent another just as poor . Spend a little more for a much better watch .
 I purchased this watch in April 2009 -LRB- thanks Amazon order history -RRB- , and have been really happy with it . I wear it for my work which is pretty demanding and the watch gets abused . It has a low profile which keeps it out of the way and has decreased scratches to the crystal etc. . It is nice enough where I do not feel embarrassed by its appearance . A few issues with the band which shrank when I got the watch wet . Also as I have been aging -LRB- now 47 -RRB- I have found the date window a bit hard to see without my reading glasses.Last week though it just stopped . Bought new batteries nothing . Now out of warranty so it will have to be replaced versus sent to Timex for exchange . I really like the watch and it owes me nothing . At $ 14 per year I can not complain however I expected it to last a little longer . I may buy another though .11 / 8/11 Well , I purchased another watch same model and it stopped after about 6 months . Also the bezel fell off . Very disappointed and it is not worth returning shipping etc would be more than the watch cost . Wo n't make this mistake again .
 The first one had a stuck date indicator , and the crown -LRB- adjustment knob -RRB- fell off of the second one when I was n't even touching it . I 'm pretty surprised to read the other reviewers saying theirs have lasted for years . Maybe the newer ones are built more cheaply ?
 I believe I 've bought 4 of this -LRB- or very similar -RRB- model of watch over the last five yars and been more than satisfied . It 's a simple , basic wristwatch . The only drawback -LRB- and the reason I 've bought four -RRB- is that the leather in the strap typically absorbs sweat until it begins to curdle and faintly smell , usually before the battery runs down ... until this last one . I got it in early September , pulled it out of the box , put it on and threw away the paperwork . Why not ? These watches have been dead-reliable . Two weeks later , it stopped dead in the middle of the night . Some fiddling got it going again -- but losing about a minute a day . Within a few days , it had stopped again . Toss.Random failure or deterioration in the quality of the product ? Who knows ? But I wo n't be buying another one . Not recommended .
 Our eleven year old grandaughter loved this watch we gave her for her birthday . She loved the style and the color and it fit well . But , a little over a month later the digital numerals stopped working ! This is the second watch I 've bought from Amazon that died within a short time . The first -LRB- a different brand -RRB- came with no directions so it was impossible to set :-LRB- and while this looked great and came with directions , another watch that stops working after a few weeks is of no use . Guess I got what I paid for . Lesson learned -- no more buying watches from Amazon .
 I would give it No Stars , but one star was the least I could give this watch . The band/strap is too long and the watch does not fit an average 9 year-old girl . After reading the instructions three times , I was still unable to set the date on the watch . It kept going back to the time setting which had already been set . If I still had the box I would return the watch ! Even at the low cost , it still does n't live up to the advertised functions .
 My daughter loved this watch , however , it is not made to withstand any sort of accidents . She had it only a month and accidental dropped in on the kitchen floor , it 's linoleum ... not hardwood or tile and the watch went haywire , started running random numbers and the function buttons will not work at all . Basically it 's toast . Appears it is not the battery since the display still shows up . Being a kid 's watch , you would think Timex would make it more durable than this ! I bought it due to the Timex name in hopes it would be made to last longer than a few weeks.My son has a fossil watch and he smashed it up when he feel off his bike onto the concrete . It 's scatched up a bit but still works perfectly .
 Bought this for my 5 year old daughter . She was very happy with its looks and found it easy to understand and operate . I thought it felt a little flimsy and cheap ... but hoped for the best . When I set the time for her , I found that the buttons felt weak - like they would break if pushed too hard . Its light feature died by day 2 :-LRB- Timex used to be a lower costing , but solid watch . I expected more from Timex . This is one poor quality little watch . I have seen better watches in happy meal boxes . Very sad product .
 This watch has been pretty good for my 8-year-old daughter , but it just broke . I bought this 6 months ago and am back searching again . The pink part of the face cracked only weeks after we got it . Ok , we can deal with that . Then when the watch got stuck in the net of a trampoline , the watch separated from the band - pins bent , holes that the pins go into were torn open , and the rest of the pink face came off . The strap was always way too big , so I 'm back looking for a different model . It really is frustrating that Timex ca n't just make a scaled down model of the adult version . The kids ones just are n't durable and do n't fit well .
 The watch works fine but the alarm button/pull came out after only a few weeks of use .
 The analog time stopped working after 1 month . Then the center adjusting knob came off , I put it back on and the then it fell off again . Finally after swimming the junk leaked water and was ruined . I will NEVER buy a Timex again . I bought a Casio now and it works great and for half the price as well .
 I can not speak to Colibri lighters in general because the Quantum Edge is the only model I 've had any experience with . I picked this model due to it 's slim form factor . It 's a beautiful lighter and the materials and construction seem to be top notch . I purchased the lighter new at a retail outlet and it worked flawlessly for about a month at which point it failed to light and I have not been able to get it to light since . It does n't seem to be a flow problem because I can hear the `` hiss '' of the fuel being released and it sparks fine , in fact I do actually get ignition for a brief moment , more like a flash , but the thing will not stay lit . I 've tried adjusting the flow rate but no dice . I was still burning through the original fuel when the problem started so I think it 's safe to rule out bad fuel , but just for good measure I tried emptying the lighter and re-filling it with triple refined butane only to produce the same results . I am aware that Colibri is a popular brand so I have to assume that they make some great products . Like I said the materials and construction of this model appear to be high quality and if I had n't become aware of so many others experiencing the same problems with this model I would have shrugged my problems off as an isolated case . I think this model is probably a fluke that the QA people at Colibri were wishing they had tested more thoroughly .
 I have numerous Colibri lighters -LRB- I collect as well as use -RRB- and only 1 that continues to function properly . In other words they do n't light . I take very good care of my things and use high quality triple refined butane . I have an Edge that I paid $ 90 for and after 9 months quit working . I sent it back for service and because I did n't have my receipt I had to pony up $ 69 to have it repaired . Six months later it quit working ? Needless to say I will never buy another Colibri lighter again !
 The delivery was about the only thing I liked . It arrived swiftly and departed almost as quickly . Battery died after a week . About a month later the whole thing went to Disney Heaven , and just stopped working . It also looks as though the hands on Micky move , they do not and the hands are silver and difficult to see . I have a small wrist so the size was good but I am without a Micky MOuse watch at present .
 Looked much cheaper than the photo on the website . Primarily colored plastic when I was looking for a higher quality bedside clock . Returned it .
 I bought this clock based upon the Seiko name . I 've had two Seiko watches and found the quality to be outstanding . I was very disappointed to see that this is a CHEAP plastic clock . It is not `` metallic '' as described in the website . We sent it back .
 Clock is cheap and tacky . Bought for a gift and must return it or use it for some garage sale . The GLOWING reviews for this clock are a clear indication that Amazon is allowing dishonest reviews by professional reviewers . To top it off , we discovered the clock is made in Commie China . Why would we want to reward this abusive government for their attrocious human rights and environmental behavior ?? The same people who approved the massacre of tens of thousands innocent students in Tienamen Square are still running things , and if one has any doubt , just look at how they have raped Tibet . No more Seiko for us !
 Yes the clock is plastic with silvered coating - which is n't the greatest - the real problem is the part that lights up is about the circumference of a quarter in the middle of the clock face . Try telling time in the middle of the night when you ca n't tell the hour hand from the minute hand . And who the heck needs a second hand on a bedside clock ? Also the second hand makes a faint ticking noise . Keep looking ...
 I ordered this watch but this seller sent me the wrong item ! they sent me a small earrings which was not even real silver . i emailed them and sent it back quickly and they finally refunded . but that was scary and stressful . . i am now scared of the happenings again but i tried to order one more time , and hopefully i will receive the correct item this time .
 This watch is an expensive piece of crap . I purchased it in June . The band came apart a couple of months after it arrived . It began to stop or loose time in November . I replaced the battery in mid-December and it still would not keep the correct time . I tried to cover all of the possible issues before contacting Amazon/Chelsea Watch , but when I finally decided that the watch WAS defective and that it should be replaced my request was refused . The watch was not even 6 months old when I began having problems with it . To top it all off the digital portion is so small it is difficult to read -- it is n't as pictured .
 The watch worked for two weeks and then quit . I thought maybe it was the battery so I had it replaced . It still did n't work . The seller refused to exchange it or give me a refund .
 I purchased this ame watch 25 years ago and it had a long life and I was happy with it . I received this new watch and it was defective . The bezel was loose . I sent it back and requested a new one because I really like this watch . So instead of sending me a new watch they just refunded my money without informing me until I asked what happened . I am dissapointed with their customer service .
 NOT HAPPY AT ALL . . NOTHING WRONG WITH THE WATCH I GOT IT JUST NOT THE ONE IN THE PIC THE ONE THEY SENT ME WAS YELLOW LOOKING ONE
 I have had previous Seiko watches purchased in retail stores that always lasted for years . I would replace them because they looked beat up from wear . This NEW Seiko SNZB73 was bought from WatchZone -LRB- which now calls itself WristWatch -RRB- lasted seven -LRB- 7 -RRB- months ! Seiko 's web site warns you about buying from unauthorized dealers . Now I will have the hassle of seeing if it can be fixed . Beware and Good Luck!Umbra Tica Watch Box , Natural/MushroomSeiko Men 's Retrograde Chronograph Silver-Tone Watch #SPC 011Seiko Men 's Alarm Chronograph Leather Strap Watch #SNAB 65Seiko Men 's Alarm Chronograph Silver-Tone Watch #SNAA 61Seiko Men 's Kinetic Silver-Tone Watch #SKA 387
 I love the watch although the self winding feature causes some accuracy problems . A few minutes a week fast . The real disppointment is the band . Most of its gold tone has rubbbed off with normal wear . Whats up with that ? And to make matters worse a replacement band has been impossible to find even at Seiko certified jewelers . I guess the lesson here is stay away from cheap gold tone bands .
 The watch is beautiful but the leather band is too short . The band needs to be about an inch longer . I am very disappointed with it .
 This is a cute watch , and the shooting frisbee feature is good for a few minutes of fun . The watch never told the right time and the shooter bent and broke after a few uses . For the money , it wasnt a horrible purchase , but of course it was a disappointment to the kids when we kept having to re-set the time . Our 4 year old is just getting interested in telling time and kept proudly announcing `` It 's 4:30 ! '' just to have us constantly telling him that his watch was incorrect and needed to be re-set ! Having said that , it was cheaper than going to a movie and the fun lasted just slightly longer .
 Picture has a much better presentation than the actual product . See it first before buying the watch . Hope it helps
 This watch broke right when I put it on my daughter for the first time . Now she is heartbroken . Explain that to a four-year-old . a plastic buckle ? WHO puts a plastic buckle on a KIDS ' watch?save your money .
 This broke right after my daughter opened it . I was so disappointed . I should have known better . Disney has a reputation for making low quality things -LRB- and charging a lot of money -RRB- .
 Purchased this for my 6yr old , she always wanted a flip top watch . This watch had a flip top which included lip gloss which I thought she would love . Well she did , but the watch broke 2 weeks after she got it . The band where you adjust the watch to your arm came apart . Poorly made .
 This watch is really cool because it is not something that I have seen in the stores , however , the character sliders are not tight enough to clip to the watch cover . They will slide on and just keep falling off . I just asked my son what his favorite one was and super glued it to the top so that he could use it . Looks and works great now . Not sure what I am going to do once he wants to change the character to the McQueen or Ramone sliders .
 Product lacks glaze . . does not look good . . polish is very poor ... the dial is small so it almost looks like a ladies/unisex watch . .
 Actually this is a very nice watch -- unfortunately - it did n't work and I had to return it .
 I ordered this watch knowing that it was cheap , and that the quality of the brand , whose tendency to produce low quality watches , was well noted I purchased this watch which was damaged when I received it thankfully I was able to repair it myself which was not so much the sellers fault but the design of this watch was flawed be advised this is not an end all solution to your watch needs but if you like the style and do n't wear it that often , interchanging and rotating between two or more watches , then it will last a lot longer
 Watch was not running when arrived , dead battery . So if ordering as a gift be aware . `` charming cartoon-style character '' is a pretty ugly piglet-like creature.Bag the watch arrived in was dirty , with black marks over pale pink.Wouldn ' t recommend this product , especially think twice if ordering this as a gift.Update
 I LOVE THE WATCH , ALWAYS WANTED ONE , BUT THE WATCH IS AN ORANGE COLOR . I TRIED TO CONTACT THE SELLER BUT NO RESPONSE , I HAVE ALWAYS WANTED THE BABY-G BUT IN PINK ONLY . I WAS DISAPPOINTED THAT THE SELLER DID NOT CONTACT ME BACK NOR TO PUT ANY DIRECTIONS IN THE BAG , I STILL HAVE A PROBLEM TRYING TO FIGURE OUT HOW TO USE THE WATCH CORRECTLY
 When I first received this watch I must say that I fell in love with the pink . The face of the watch was nice looking , but from the side view it was very bulky looking sitting on my wrist . The quality of the band was also a bit worrisome since it was basically made of plastic .
 Not on hold at the post office , where is this item ?! Why have n't I received it yet ?
 The first baby G I bought was great , lasted for more than 2 yrs and still going . I bought another one for my younger daughter . After 3 wks -LRB- 1 month from date of order -RRB- , one of the buttons fell off . My daughter wear it to swimming . She is not an active child . So I sent it in for repair . I got a quote of $ 30 plus tax , shipping for a $ 50 + watch to replace the button !! I was shocked it is not covered under the warranty . So I called the service representative According to her , warranty covers only the mechanistic functioning of the watch . Everything can fall off but if it works , then you are out of luck . But again , they can say you abuse the watch . So I said ca n't it be a quality control issues ? She said , there is no recall . I said not necessary a recall type just manufacturing problem . She said if so , then I would have seen it once I open the box and their QC is 100 % !!!!!! Wow , I am amaze . I need to work in Casio manufacturing . She said , `` I am not saying it is your child but maybe she hit it somewhere ... '' At this point I felt that this lady was just saying anything she wants -LRB- 100 % QC !!! -RRB- I said I want to talk to the supervisor , she said `` no '' since this is not an issue for sup . I insisted and finally someone who claim to be a manager talked to me -LRB- This `` manager '' even got my name wrong -RRB- . Repeated the whole thing plus that I used tapes to tape the watch onto the box . She said that -LRB- the tape -RRB- was also a problem !!! I replied that it was done to prevent the watch from `` jumping '' around during shipping . Wow , now I know that baby G needs to breath so it can not be taped . Then said my daughter is young , active ... . I shut her up by saying , this watch claimed to be for sports . If she can not jump , swim in it then what good is it ? There was no dents or deep scatches on the watch -LRB- I want to say no scratch but I never know -RRB- . She said she will see what she can do and call me . We shall see.And one reviewer mentioned that the watch gets stuff on it . This one did . Maybe because of the daily swimming my daughter did . That was also a problem she mentioned about this watch not being covered under warranty.I can understand that it may not be covered but the first representative was totally abnoxious . Telling me that it CAN NOT be casio 's problem . I will not buy a casio product anymore because many camera owners reported problem with their warranties too .
 This is a terrible watch ! The features are hard to figure out , and the buttons are difficult to use . The watchcase is huge , but the numerals are too small to read easily and the bands across the face obscure some of the writing on the watch . It 's also fairly heavy . I 've had Baby-G 's before , and this particular style was a BIG disappointment . I 'm sending it back .
 I used to love G shocks so I bought this for my daughter about 7 months ago.Since then I had to remove the 4 screws that keep the plastic cover held down , -LRB- the ring-like cover that goes around and protects the side of the face - it 's not integral -RRB- to clean under it . I just did this a second time since she has got it , and decided to warn others.It gets really disgusting and discolored from soap and dirt that gets stuck just under it . A good wash under water , is NOT enough to wash it away . It seems to be a design flaw and I am very disappointed.Note
 I loved this watch when I first got it . But after a few months of wearing it everyday a couple of things happened ... 1 -RRB- the color started getting a little greyish / yellowish2 -RRB- there was dirt , or grime , or mold building up in areas of the watch that I could not clean.Granted , I work as a firefighter ... so the watch takes some abuse , but I could not clean out the moldy looking stuff , so I had to get rid of the watch . : -LRB-
 This watch is more blue than purple , so keep that in mind if you are ordering . Also , the time seems to run a little fast . After a couple of years , my watch is running about 10 minutes fast , which might defeat the purpose of a timepiece for some people . The setting buttons are also incredibly difficult to figure out . I only know how to use the timer , turn on the indiglo light , and switch time zones . It stores phone numbers but I have no clue how to do it . I have n't figured out how to adjust the time either , so I just switch time zones on the watch.I still love this watch and get tons of compliments when I wear it , even after all these years . It is a classic and fun watch that can last a long time . These are great to wear for working out and swimming , because they are waterproof . I have had mine for a couple of years , and it still looks brand new . Some other rubber watches start to develop nasty dirt on the wrist band . I have n't had that happen with this watch , so I think the material is of pretty high quality.So , if you 're looking more for a fun accessory , I would recommend this watch . But if you are looking for a precise timepiece with lots of functionality , I 'd probably choose something else .
 I just received this watch today and I will be returning it . I found it too be too big for my wrist and a bit too manly looking . I 've been trying to find a women 's digital watch with an all stainless steel band and this fit the bill feature-wise but just was n't feminine enough and is too big for my petite wrist.As an alternative , I also ordered the Baby-G Ladies Watch Baby-G G-ms MSG-300D-4BDR-6 and will be keeping it . It 's a bit smaller , fitting my wrist much better , and has a more feminine look . I would recommend checking it out instead of this one if you have a small wrist -LRB- mine is 5-1/2 '' -RRB- and you do n't want to look like you 're wearing a man 's watch .
 I have n't bought this product but in the produce specification it says water resistance 100m and in the product review 200m . So is it 100m or 200m ??
 My wrist is not petite and yet this watch was huge and overpowering in size . It should not be advertised as a womans ' watch . I 'm giving it to my brother .
 I bought this watch for my mom who loves digital watches and when I got it in the mail I was extremely disappointed . Looks like a mans watch . Very large .
 First of all , I 'm male . The classic problem for men 's digital watches featuring all that stuff is the enourmus size , and the designs , almost always overelaborate . And the plastic strap , not durable.This watch has meant for women , but its size is perfect for a man . In fact , it 's too big for a lady . For me , it is gorgeus , easy to use , easy to see the time.Everything perfect ? I 'm sorry it 's not
 I have worn Timex Ironmans for about as long as I can remember . I wanted a change , my huband has always touted a giant G-shock for as long as I can remember , so I stepped off the ledge.What a waste of time money and energy ! 1 -RRB- This watch is not intuitive ; you ca n't simply zap through it and figure it out -- thou shalt break out manual or you will NEVER be able to even set it .2 -RRB- Strap & watch body -- It 'd been more comfortable if I had built the thing out of an old frozen orange juice can3 -RRB- Mobil icons ; spinning globe and flickering whale make me want to sink this thing to the bottom of the ocean ! When the minute changes the digital numbers do this rapid change over thing -- ANNOYING TO NO END ! 4 -RRB- Horrible to do any recalls / laps etc ; getting to the splits etc is like talking to the IRS.On the plus and the only reason it gets a star -- the built in face guards are great especially if you are really active and prone knocking your watch on things like a door frame as you turn a corner -- oh , and you can set so you know how many days you 've owned it.Yuck ... what a disappointment .
 I was disapointed that it had no day of the week display . I am very happy with my casio atomic solar watch that has a day of the week display .
 I was impressed and satisfied with this watch . I gave it to my boyfriend for his birthday and he loves it . Everywhere we go he wares it and the color of the band matches from the brightest to the dullest outfit . Thank You . I am a very satisfied customer.Karleen
 What a great concept , a dress Casio G Shock atomic watch that will actually fit under your your long shirt sleeves , with virtually perfect atomic time-keeping via radio station WWV in Ft.Collins , Colorado . I thought that this watch would address all my needs , so I purchased it directly at full price -LRB- $ 130.00 -RRB- from the Casio website . That is where the disappointment began . Buttons to set this watch are impossible to use and no matter how much pressure I would use , nothing happened . So I phoned the Casio website for technical information and they recommended that I use a small screwdriver to calibrate the watch and even that was unsuccessful . What to do ? I returned the watch to the Casio online store and they promptly issued a full refund including shipping , but I was still without a watch . My solution was to purchase a Casio Atomic G-Shock directly from a local department store , so I again contacted Casio for support on where to visit . They suggested Macy 's and Sears . Our local Macy 's no longer caries Casio watches but I was successful at Sears and I found the perfect Casio Atomic G Shock watch for my needs : G-Shock Men 's Multi-Band Atomic watch #GW 5600J1It keeps perfect time and I point it in a westward direction towards Ft. Collins , CO on my window sill every night and `` exactly '' at 1:00 am it re-calibrates itself to perfection . Although , it does not fit under my long shirt sleeves , I will adjust and buy larger sleeves !
 This is the second Casio G-Shock Tough Solar Watch that I have purchased in the last 4 years . It was replacing a decent Casio GW-800 Tough Solar Multi-Band 3-4 year old watch that the rechargeable battery stopped holding a charge . After -LRB- 2 -RRB- attempts by a Casio watch dealer to change out the battery , the watch functions totally stopped working . I ca n't even change the time , so I bought a new GW-700A Tough Solar - Wave Ceptor . The watch is 1 month old , and if it is n't in the direct sunlight for 1 day , it is dead with a `` Low-Dead '' battery . Casio seems to have a serious problem with `` ALL '' their solar watches , just read a lot of the reviews and you 'll see what I mean !! If you buy the watch , you WILL NEED TO TOSS THE WATCH WHEN THE RECHARGEABLE BATTERY IS EXHAUSTED . < <
 I would love to wear this watch . When it works , it gives accurate time and the display is clean and nice . However , unless it is perched on my windowsill soaking up the rays , it quickly loses charge and dies . I received it as a gift and I do n't really have time to figure out how to get it fixed , so I continue to wear my old watch . My new one sits looking out the window like a house cat . Very disappointing .
 This was a nice watch with lots of cool features . However , when we tried to set the day , date and time , the watch was out of sync . The automatic day of week setting did not agree with the date and year we entered . Huh ?? Also , the temp guage did not agree with our thermometer and when we reset it , it would not calibrate temperture changes properly . The altimeter also resets itself based on air-pressure , which did not seem to work well for us here in the high desert . We returned the watch to Amazon and are now a little gun-shy of buying another watch with these features .
 The watch is great , but if you ever need service , FORGET IT ! You would be better off buying a new watch . Casio service apparently has not grasped the meaning of `` customer service '' ; tried to charge me ANOTHER $ 45 after servicing my watch and having the buttons fall off
 I took this digital watch with me to Bhutan and found it semi-accurate with altitude readings -LRB- within 50 ' of actual altitude -RRB- but the compass was completely worthless . The compass reads off bearing by 15 to 20 degrees . No small error . I followed scores of time to to reset it but nada . Each time I check it against other navigational compasses it was always off bearing . Thank God that I had a magnetic compass too . Always bring a back up ! Not recommended .
 My teenage son loves this watch.Having said that , the screws that hold the wristband to the watch keep coming off.We have exchanged the screws at least 3 times already , once by a professional watchmaker and twice by two seperate professional watch repairmen using original casio screws aquired from the admittedly helpful Casio repair department . It will not hold for any length of time.As a result my son has almost lost his watch 2 or 3 times . The wristband just slides off.It has come to the point where my son ca n't wear the watch at all . He carries it around with him in a pocket.Not cool!The barometer and antimeter readings of this watch are highly doubtful but that does n't spoil the fun for my son.It 's a toy more than anything else.Also , be advised that this watch is big . Very big . Everybody will comment on it.I think it looks good if you could wear it on your wrist which , really , you ca n't . Finally , replacing the batteries 8 months after purchase cost $ 40 which is a third of the price of the watch.I have had it with the Casio pathfinder . I will personally never buy Casio again.My younger son wears a cool Timex with compass which works like a charm , still runs on the same batteries a year later and which I can highly recommend .
 I am a road cyclist . It is helpful to know a few things about a given ride
 Actually liked this watch but was a gift for my son and someone else also bought him one .
 I AM SORRY I ORDERED THIS WATCH . IT IS , BY FAR , THE WORST PURCHASE I HAVE EVER MADE FROM AMAZON ... THE ONLY FEATURE THAT WORKS CORRECTLY IS THE TIME MODE AND SOMETIMES THE COMPASS . THE THERMOMETER IS WAY OFF EVEN AFTER YOU REMOVE THE WATCH FROM THE WRIST . IF LEFT ON THE WRIST , FORGET IT . THE WATCH IS VERY HARD TO READ AS THE DISPLAY IS SO DARK . YOU NEED TO TAP ON THE LIGHT IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THE TIME . I HAD INTENDED TO RETURN IT , HOWEVER I AM 80 YEARS OLD AND A WIDOWER LIVING ALONE AND CAN NOT DRIVE TO A POST OFFICE TO SEND IT . SO I AM STUCK WITH IT . YOU WOULD BE BETTER OFF BUYING A $ 20,00 TIMEX AT WALMART THAN THIS WATCH.GRANDPAIRV
 My experience with this watch has not been even close to satisfactory . The solar charged battery will not hold a charge long enough for this watch to be of any use . On a number of occasions the watch has indicated full charge and within 5 to 6 hours of being away from direct light the battery will be completely discharged and I have to charge it in direct light and reset all the settings . Although , I have had Casio products in the past that were great I can not recommend this product .
 Maybe I got a lemon -- I do n't know , but the `` Solar Powered '' aspect of this watch never worked for me . Now , I do n't get a lot of sun , to be sure , but I am usually exposed to sunlight at least as much as the manual says the watch requires and I was always wearing the watch so I 'm thinking that should n't be the problem . Besides , even if sunlight is the best source , artificial light should still contribute and given that I sleep very little , the watch spent most of the day in some form of light . Despite that , even on days where I was outdoor much of the day , the charge level never got above `` medium '' and often the charge was so low that the display would stay turned off so I could not even use the watch for its intended purpose . A year and a half later , it stopped working altogether . Like I said , maybe it was just a lemon -- others do n't seem to have those problems . However , even if those problems had never occurred , I would n't recommend the watch.First , there is the alarm . The alarm was so quiet that , unless my arm was somewhere near my head , I generally did not hear it when it went off . Though it did have five alarms , the alarms were merely 24-hour alarms -- no options for a given date , day of the week , weekdays vs. weekends , etc. . I do n't get it -- they fill the watch with functions like barometer , altimeter , and compass but they ca n't give one a useful alarm feature?A number of the `` icons '' on the display were much too small for my aging eyes to see . I had to check the manual for what was in that position on the display to determine what they were . I do not have the same problem with the watch it replaced nor the one which replaced it . And though the backlighting was good -LRB- when the watch had enough power for it to work -RRB- , I had to keep turned off the feature which allowed the backlighting to come on by simply turning one 's wrist over to look at the watch -- a useful idea -- because the backlikght was triggered by a lot of other types of movements as well and that caused my already weak battery charge to drain even faster.Like far too many other watches these days , the strap is n't a standard strap which one could buy anywhere and replace -- it is designed to the watch and rigidly attached through some non-obvious method so one would probably have to have a jeweler replace it unless one can find a replacement band and instructions on replacement somewhere -- of course , if mine was typical , the band far-outlasted the watch anyway . I was prepared not to like the band because it is made of some type of flexible , rubber-like material which I imagined would look cheap and wear poorly -- I was wrong about that . Though it looked like the type of material it is -LRB- i.e. it definitely would not pass for leather -RRB- it actually had a rather nice look to it and frankly , looked like it would last a very long time . However , the rigid mounting meant that it is impossible to lay the watch flat when one takes it off so there was no easy way to sit it under a light source to allow it to charge.As for the `` special '' features , I had little use for most of them . The barometer appeared to work and it was sometimes fun to look at the historical graph when a sudden storm blew in to see how rapidly the pressure had dropped , but I never attempted to predict the weather with it -LRB- professional meterologists have rooms full of equipment and sensors and they ca n't reliably tell me if it will rain tomorrow so I 'm not expecting a lot from my Casio -RRB- . Since the barometer worked , I presume the altimeter did as well but I never tried getting any useful info out of it and , anyway , I had no way to calibrate either one so I do n't know how accurate they are . The compass seemed to work fine and that 's one feature I could see being useful at times . As for the thermometer , I ca n't imagine too many cases where I would find it useful to have a thermometer in a watch which is only useable by not wearing the watch for 20 minutes or so -- but if one of those cases ever came up , it seemed to work , but again , I did n't attempt to calibrate it , if that is even an option -LRB- I do n't recall -RRB- . The manual is adequate but nothing special . I was able to figure out most functions without it by simply trying buttons -LRB- but I am generally pretty good at that -RRB- . I had to consult the manual for a few things -- particularly because I could n't make out what the icons were which were toggling on and off as I pushed the buttons.If the Solar Powered aspect had not been a bust , that would have been a very nice feature to have but in a barely adequate watch . Given that most of the features were useless to me and that the most potentially-useful features were rendered useless by poor design , I ca n't recommend the watch . If you have need of a barometer , altimeter , compass and limited thermometer that you can wear on your wrist , maybe those features will be enough to make it worth your while but , surprisingly , you can find all of those in other models and brands of watches so , I would recommend that you keep looking .
 I bought this watch to replace an aging HighGear watch with the same functions . I liked the fact that it was solar powered as replacing batteries would be unneeded with this watch . The solar power is the only good thing about this watch . First watch had to be returned and replaced due to sensor failure . Second watch would only display north or north east even after multiple attempts to set it according to Casio 's instructions . I have n't needed to rely on this watch while out in the field and I would be very hesitant to rely on it as it seems to be plagued with problems . My HighGear watch may be old , but at least it still works . Ca n't say that about this horrible watch . We will see if Casio will refund my money so I can go buy a Suunto which is what I should have done in the first place .
 I got this as a present for my husband who is highly technologically capable . Unfortunately , even he has n't been able to figure this watch out very well . In addition , it does not keep accurate temperature or altitude , which was important to my husband as he is a skiier . As expensive as this item is , I would expect it to be easier to operate and more acurate .
 Got this watch for my birthday a couple years back and I must say that it isnt all that it 's cut out to be . To start off it 's huge and maybe if I were fat it would look okay , but as it stands it is an eye sore on my wrist . This watch isnt something I would wear outside of hiking and other outdoor activities . Secondly the barometer and altimeter suck , now it could be just me not knowing how to calibrate it , but good luck finding any decent instructions out there on how to do that . The compass also has its issues where it will be stuck at a certain bearing and it wont change until I fool around with other stuff on the watch . My last and final quip with this watch is that the solar power isnt all its cut out to be . That solar power fuels a battery , which like any battery , will after multiple recharges loose more and more charge . So now my watch can sit in the sun for 3 straight days , getting full sun and it will only stay on `` high '' charge for 1 hour , before it sinks back down to medium . The watch gives inaccurate readings , is cumbersome and just doesnt live up to the hype set before it or the expectations I had for it . My suggestion to those looking to buy is to find a different watch . Yeah , having the barometer , altimeter and compass are cool , but in the end , if you buy this watch you will be paying for features that wo n't perform properly for you and will , in the end , let you down.Hope this helps and happy shopping .
 When people say this watch is big . . they mean REALLY BIG HUGE . Did I mention this watch is a Gigantic Super sized . . MEGLADON ? This watch makes my SUV look small . Do n't try paddling a kayak with this watch on unless you like making unintentional left hand circles . Additionally , the tidal feature is worthless for the Texas coast .
 I bought this for a hunting trip thinking it would be useful . Turns out the Compass is only semi accurate . The thermometer does n't measure the air temperature it measures the temperature of you 're wrist . Over a 10 day trip the weather changed from sunny 75 degree days to 6 inches of snow on the ground . The Barometer barely changed . You pretty much have to carry the instruction book around with you if you want to do more than change modes . At least the clock is accurate i guess .
 I purchased this Casio watch to use for celestial navigation and found it ran about 3 minutes per year fast . If you are off on the time by 30 seconds when doing celestial navigation , your line of position will be off by more than a 100 miles . I called Casio technical support to inquire and they said that it should not be running that fast and to send the watch to them at my expense , which I did . They returned the watch to me , not repaired , with a note saying that their watches were only designed to run plus or minus 3 minutes per year , which is significantly less accurate than other less expensive digital and quartz watches I have owned have kept time . Casio 's exact comments were
 I have owned this watch for several years and have enjoyed it . I agree with the other comments . I want to add that now it is time to replace the batteries . You will need FOUR batteries at five dollars a piece . So the cost is $ 20 every five years.Then you take off the back and replace the batteries . A simple job unless the entire mechanism pops out . Trying to get it back in and working is impossible and I am handy with tools . A micro spring appeared on my work area . I have no idea where it goes or where it came from . When I finally did get it back together some of the buttons did not work . After many attempts I gave up . Also , once you break the seal by opening the back of the watch it is never quite as waterproof as it originally was.I have been a Casio fan since Casio started making digital watches . I have thrown this one out and plan to buy the solar model so I never have to deal with the problems and costs again .
 Once you figure out how to program long , lat and GMT it works fine . One for the buttons fell off and another cracked . Sad part is I do n't wear watch mutch . Crappy Construction kills this watch for me , and should keep you from ordering .
 I have a similar SPF-60 watch that has the same type of band . It worked great for over 4 years . I wore it everywhere and it was a great watch - I loved it . Then walking down the hall at work the band broke off the band housing . Found out you just can not put on a new band . Sending it in to Casio they charge $ 60 to fix . The band on this watch is the same as the SPF-60 . If you look closely there is no easy way to take the band off or on . It breaks where the band housing meets the case . Many other stories out there with the same problem that happens anywhere between 1 year and over 4 years . Watch is too expensive to have a design flaw like this . It is possible every couple years you will be spending $ 60 to fix the band issue . If this is acceptable , this is an awesome watch .
 This is n't a bad watch at all
 It is now two days past the reversion of Daylight Savings Time and my watch has not been able to connect with the Ft. Collins transmitter to set the correct time.This is my second Oceanus watch . I had similar problems with the first watch but figured that maybe it was just a defective watch . I live on the Oregon Coast , well within the supposed range of the watch , but it does not receive the signal . For two nights I have left the watch on my windowsill hoping it would receive the correct signal but it has not.The only great thing about this watch is the crystal . I have had dozens of cheaper watches which get all scratched up in time . This crystal is excellent but right now I am having to subtract an hour to figure the correct time .
 The band drives me nuts and as many times as I have attempted to set the barometer and altimeter , the altimeter always seems to be way off . Almost daily it seems to show a different altitude for the same area . I could be operator error and if that is the case , it is not user friendly then ... . As far as the band goes , it come unbuckled and falls off of my wrist regularly .
 Love the watch but it stop performing in less than 2 year . Sent the watch back to Casio to repair . This watch is still under a three year warranty , too ! I 've been told they ca n't repair the watch . This watch , the analog and digital , is no long being made ... ugh . I spend $ 400 for a watch that ca n't be repaired . I 've asked for my money back , as of this point no response . I 'm very unhappy and I would say away from this brand because if it breaks , it ca n't get fixed .
 This watch was just like the other Activa watch , it was dead . You would think they would ship them with a good battery . If you read the reviews on Activa you will find many people are receiving them with dead batteries and sometimes after replacing the batteries they still do not work . I just returned mine to Amazon for the 2nd time . I should not have to replace a battery to see if the watch works .
 I purchased this watch for my daughter for Christmas , and it arrived dead . I took it to watch repair , and had them replace the battery . The watch ticked away for about 10 minutes , and died again . I returned the watch to amazon , and they did there part as always . I received a new watch from them in a timely fashion , and guess what ?? The new watch was dead on arrival as well !! My advice to you is this ... If you see these wonderful looking kids watches , and are looking to purchase one , do n't !!! I can see one watch not working , but 2 ?? Come on !! Well , needless to say , I purchased a watch from another brand , and it works flawlessly , but I received after Christmas , so I gave it to my daughter then . :-LRB- Avoid Activa at all costs ... you 've been warned !!
 do n't know how long these watch has been in stock , the battery runs out and it feels bad to have to replace the battery when you just receives it . especially when these are supposed to be gifts
 I ordered my first XG-55 watch in January 2006 and it arrived DOA . Nothing worked and new batteries did not help . I should have taken this as an omen . Instead , I called the company and requested a replacement . The replacement arrived and appeared to work . Well , everything except the outside temperature reading . I never did get that function to work . Anyway , I can tell the difference between cold and hot so I was not concerned . The altimeter is one function that did seem to work . At least I was able to compare the readout with posted elevations when I was skiing and the two were usually close . The weather prediction function gives spotty results . I would not rely on it . The barometer does not track pressure changes very well and that probably contributes to the inaccurate weather predictions . After 16 months , the illuminator has failed . Oh , it lights up in the dark but it obliterates all of the lettering . So , I have a bright , blank screen . My experience with customer service has been less than satisfactory -LRB- see below -RRB- so I plan to just toss this piece of junk and try another brand.One other thing . When the first watch failed , customer service said they would send a replacement and instructions to return the faulty watch . The replacement watch came but not the instructions . I waited patiently . No instructions . Then , my credit card was charged for a second watch and shipping because I failed to return the broken watch . Color me confused . After another call , I finally got instructions and returned the original broken watch . I was credited for the watch but not the shipping . I was too worn down by the experience with customer service to bother protesting any further . I just ate the shipping charge.Bottom line
 My wife bought me this watch because I said I had to have it . However when it arrived I noticed it looked and felt like a watch a child would own . I 'm saying it felt like a cheap plastic toy on my wrist . It reminded me of something Lego would make for kids or Transformers , but sadly this watch does n't transform into something cool . I love La Crosse Technology and I 'm confident the watches ability to measure nature is precise , but the shell its in is weak.I love the watches functions , but hate the way it 's made . I hope the company re-releases this model , making it more durable to stand up to the elements it measures .
 I purchased the XG-55 -LRB- as a replacement -RRB- prior to an adventure race . We did n't use it in that race and the next time I needed it was several months later . The battery had died and a new battery would not revive the watch/altimeter . Once I finally reached customer support , they just told me ... ` Sorry . Yeah that can happen . Tough luck . Bye '
 Do n't go swimming with this watch . I went swimming with this watch on and water got in to the display . I called and wanted to get it replaced and La Crosse told me that it is not covered under the warranty . They wanted $ 40.00 to fix the watch .
 I recently purchased this watch for my husband . It was advertised as water resistant to 50 ft. + He wore it into the water at Bahia Honda in Florida for a total of 11/2 hours and it stopped working . When we took it to watch repair they said they 'd never seen such a bad case of rust and it could n't be repaired . We were able to return it and get our money back . Buyer beware .
 Within the first month I had to replace this product because it had condensation on the inside . The customer service told me that it is not water resistant despite the logo of a guy swimming on the back of the watch and `` 30 feet water resistant '' . Just this week , after having been very careful not to get it wet , and taking it off before jumping in the shower , the new watch got more condensation in it and stopped working . It must have been the steam in the shower !! Terrible buy . I wish they would reimburse the purchase or issue a recall . This is not something an American company should be producing .
 Found this watch to have cool features and easy to setup . Easy to use.Only problem is the information it gives was not always right ! Altitude was close but varied from 30 ' to 170 ' OFF . Barometer was never right and calibrated correctly . maybe works better staying outside . Commercial buildings are pressurized , could be the issue ??? Temp was as instructed , must be removed from wrist for several minutes to get ambient temperature ; that was accurate . Compass was jerky and hard to settle down , not fluid-like movement but accurate outside . Compass was also too sensitive , would not work near metal i.e. in the vehicle or aircraft , near other electronics . Oh and the watch keeps good time :{ -RRB- I returned mine to upgrade to better quality and accuracy . If you 're just looking for it to be close , this is a good watch for the price .
 Too many functions and the instructions were unclear and in some cases very confusing . I ended up giving the watch to my 16 year old grandson .
 It is sad not to recommend this wonderful watch . It has great features and design . The price is very good also . So what 's wrong ? Wear it in the shower once and it 's ruined despite being marked water resistant to 100ATM . LaCrosse says their warranty does not cover damage from water leaking in because they say it is not waterproof and should not get wet . Duh ? Then why do they advertise `` water resistant '' as a feature ? Lacrosse customer service told me not to believe what it says on the watch or the specs . The reality is the watch ca n't get wet . And I ca n't recommend it . At least it has a weather indicator so I know when it 's gon na rain .
 I had this watch for a few months , and feature wise it meets all my expectations , but I snagged it in my backpack the other day and the strap with the pins came off . No big deal I thought , I 'll just snap it back in - that 's when I noticed that the strap holder had ripped through the PLASTIC casing and was thus unrepairable . Over the few months I have had it , it has also discolored badly on the fake metal casing . Great features , poor build quality . Not recommended .
 I received this watch as a gift after reviewing several others . The display is very good . The altimiter is usually way off and varies greatly even remaining in the same position . It is a little difficult to make use of all the watch 's features . I am very concerned the watch is stamped on the back `` water resistant '' but new reports are showing it is not . In fact if it is NOT , we have been misled by the manufacturer . Overall , I can not recommend this watch
 This watch 's altimeter did not funtion correctly ; I live on the ocean so I could calibrate it to sea level , five minutes later it would read -89 feet or something rediculous . It had to be reset all the time . Customer service was no help as they did not know how to work the functions on the watch . Wait for the bugs to be worked out beofre purchasing this item . Also , this watch was rated for 100 feet but flooded at 30 feet .
 This watch was great until last Friday . I awoke to my display foggy . I emailed La Crosse who then told me that it should not touch water at all . However it is the `` adventure series . '' I am highly disapointed , La Crosse basically told me `` oh well . '' I will not be purchasing any La Crosse products in the future until their customer service has been talked to .
 I was really disappointed with this watch . It is cheaply built , inaccurate , hard to use and hard to figure out . Mine just stopped dead after a few weeks . It is also too large to be comfortable on the wrist . Never again !
 Doesnt work . I threw it in the Garbage after a week . It varies day by day and never consistent . Dont waste your time .
 Received this item only to find that it would not function . I should have known better , seemed gimmicky but if they make phones do everything they do ... this did n't seem to out there . Pile of junk !
 ... 3 weeks ago i was surfing for an invicta for my birthday and happen to see this invicta 0089 , my wife likes blue so i choose it in a heartbeat and ordered one first . a few days later , i bought mine a russian diver . today nov 21 , just picked up my package at the local post office . packing was great . so i check the watch which looks ok to me , and adjusted the bracelet for my wifes wrist size . i would have never noticed it until she told me `` wow ! its really light ! . . '' so there it had me thinking coz i was expecting her to notice it to be a little bit heavier compared to her other smaller watches ... i looked at it more closely now , everything is the same but noticed the common markings like the ` swiss , movt , water resistant , 100meters , 330ft ' were ` nt there in the front face . even the logo at the back is different compared to the one posted . so did i just bought a fake invicta ??? i believe i got one , and it pains me coz i 'm getting fond of buying here in amazon . the products should be as in the photos they publish which i believe then that i was buying . i like the watch design and so does my wife . TimeZone123 was the shipper and seller , the product was in amazons website so who 's at fault here ? amazon is my go to online shop now , i turned my back on ebay because of fake products now its on amazon too ? tough luck for me ... what i got was not the one i saw i was buying .
 Very nice watch ! I was thrilled when I received , set it and strapped it on . I was less thrilled when about four months later the pressure sensor -LRB- barometric pressure and altimeter -RRB- went south . This is the -LRB- my -RRB- third Casio in which this sensor malfunctioned . It will also be the last one . I still wear the watch -- let 's face it , how often do I need an altimeter -- but the fact irks me .
 Although the price & appearance seem pretty good ... I say ` ehhh ' .1 st one I got leaked in 5 ft of water . The company sent a replacement ... and the metal edges were very sharp -LRB- unpolished -RRB- ... so I do not recommend this watch .
 This has to be the joke of the year , right ? More than 400 USD for a rubber strap . And this is even the cheap one - there is a blue rubber band for 675 USD !! After paying more than 4000 USD for the watch , they should be throwing this bands at for free - for life !
 Our transaction did not include instructions and this watch is set to military time . What kid needs military time on a scooby doo watch ??? We also have n't figured out how to unset the alarm . We can change the time on it but not turn off the alarm . Make sure you ask about instructions before you order and if it can be set to regular time . Overall , I wish I had bought a watch without issues . It 's cute but I could 've found another cute watch without issues .
 Got this watch to swim laps but do not reliably feel the vibration while swimming . Hard to read the time in dim light and the illumination button is multifunction so may change some of the other settings when you hit it . Also , there is an hourly chime/vibration which is automatically turned on with the alarm - kept me up a good part of the night until I figured out what it was . Also no lap counter .
 Purchased the watch a month ago , liked everything about it until I took it for a swim , down in only 10 feet of water and hours later there is a fog on the screen and the buttons wo n't work . So consider before you purchase .
 Stay away from this piece of crap and it 's manufacturer . My wife got me one of these for Christmas for our January trip to Jamaica and snorkeling trips . After being in the water snorkeling , floating on the surface , the watch never got more that 1 foot below the water 's surface . I could not see the time while underwater due to the grey on black display , which defeated the purpose of the watch . When I got out of the water about 30 minutes later , it was full of water ! Not what I expected for a watch that states it is water resistant to 330 feet!My wife contacted the seller -LRB- House of Scuba -RRB- and was told since she had purchased the watch over a month prior , they would do nothing about it . We could pay the postage to ship it back to them , and then pay them to fix it , and then pay to have it shipped back to us.Stay away from Freestyle and the House of Scuba !!!
 Dont expect much from this poor quality watch , buy a Timex isntead . The watch looks not so bad , but if you ` re thinking surfing with it . think twice , since the first time i went to the beach , there was a lick on the screen .
 This `` seven year watch '' literally failed in seven days , with no harsh treatment at all
 I 'm used to everything Nike makes being a cut above the rest . This was n't . As I changed modes the display would fade for a second . The interval time beep is way too faint to be practical when youre running in any environment except total silence . And I also thought -- when the weather gets warm again down here in the South do I want that much plastic around my wrist . If you want to make a fashion statement , this is for you . If you are a serious runner go for the Timex . This one does not make the grade . It performed like something I 'd get at Wal Mart .
 5 year gurantee ? what about the warranty from Tag Heuer , it does n't come with it b/c it is being purchased from an unauthorized dealer , these watches come form who knows where , why do you think there are only 2 to choose from instead of the entire line of watches ? by the way , Tag Heuer will not work on these watches since it was bought here .
 The face of this watch was more on the primary side . It did not have a high quality look to it nor did it have the weight of one .
 Small watch face , flimsy band , ugly colours ... What a disappointment
 The watch will not charge and is now dead ... after only 2 months . Back it goes .
 after the first year , it take a week or 2 to die off after a good charge . 3 years later i get 2 days of use for one -LRB- 1 -RRB- full day in the summer sun of charging . this will not be the last watch you 'll have to buy ! Stick to batteries ... what kind of life do you get?My brother bought one of these a month before i bought mine , he was the reason i looked at it and bought one , i bought this one as he bought one with the plastic bands . His has been in his desk drawer for a year dead , will hold a charge . mine is kicking hard bout one step in the grave . I live in the north east and get some good sun . this month ive lost power on the watch about 1/2 the time i wear it . I 'd put it one look at the time and some time later it would be flashing charge me . even if the charge meter said FULL . I now have to set the watch outside when i 'm not wearing it to keep it charged . If I do n't i have a watch to wear.So skip these '' last watch you 'll ever buy '' deals ...
 This is a great watch made for very sunny areas . If I had read a review stating the charge wo n't last , I never would have purchaced it . I leave it on the window ledge exposed to available light all week and wear it on Sunday and 3-4 hours later the screen is blank . It 's definately not for North West areas and the thought of charging it in front of a light bulb is rediculous . Do n't buy this watch unless your in a always sunny area . I 'm ready to sale this to the highest bidder or give it to one of my South West friends .
 I 've been a G-Shock owner since they came out . I wanted to go for a classier watch than the plastic G-Shock . I settled for the MTG900 in December 2007 . The watch is great except for the solar power . I live in Rochester NY . During much of the year I wear long sleeve shirts and coats . I am continually struggling to keep the watch charged . Solar power is a cool idea that is not only useless , but a real dissatisfier . I scuba dove recently in Cozumel . Twice the watch went from fully charged to dead during a dive . When I put it out in the hot Mexican sun for an hour it registered fully charged . I do n't think it is supposed to do that . Lastly , I really miss the count down timer , especially when I cook . It would have been far better to scrap the solar power `` feature '' for a 10 year lithium ion battery and add back in the count down timer . I hope Casio learns from these reviews and changes the watch .
 I was as delighted and as excited as other reviewers when I first got the Casio Solar Atomic watch . And the main reason I got it was I thought I would never need a replacement watch -LRB- with all the environmental advantages that that has -RRB- . It was also tremendous to have never had to set it!Now the watch is dead . The solar charger gave out and stopped charging the battery . Mind you I had a very good care for this watch , not a scratch , I kept the crystal always clean and never swam or exposed it to moisture.The estimate for repairing it is almost as much as replacing it with a new one and I will not be doing that -LRB- neither repairing nor replacing it with another Casio -RRB- . b-bye Casio.Suggestion to all
 Perfect watch while it worked.After 18 months , the solar-recharge system has died . It costs about as much to repair as the watch price itself.This was supposed to be Casio 's premier watch.The point of this watch was to get away from the hassle of repalcing watch batteries every 1-2 years.Instead , I have to replace the watch itself every 1-2 years.May as well have bought a good quality battery watch for half the price ... my son 's old Casio watch has been running for more than 5 years .
 I bought the Solar Power G-Shock and loved it . UNTIL , the screen went blank except for a small `` Charge '' message that flashed . This happend at 13 months . Returned it to the store who replaced it with a new watch . Now , I have the same problem again . No warranty and Casio wants it returned at my expense , plus return freight at my expense , insured at my expencse , and PAY FOR REPAIRS , since they say , `` it should not be doing that '' . They do not acknowledge that others have had this problem , but I suspect they have.AVOID unless you want to pay for a new watch each year .
 Had it about 6 months and it died and flashed charge . The next day it was on but I can not get the battery indicator to go past one . I have an E on the radio signal and can not update time anymore . Sears was no help when I tried to return it . They said I could take it where they send warentee work.I was able to set the time manually but for this kind of money I expected much more . G shocks are not what they used to be .
 After reading other 's review , I think I am lucky . the watch 's solar power died after 3 years of solid service . It 's extreme accurate , no problem receive signal at California . No need to do any daylight saving time or any other adjustment . The only problem is , it solar charging system died . I originally plan to keep it for 10 years , like my Toyota . Now , I probably will look into other watch that has 5 or 10 years battery life . The tough solar really did n't help .
 I found this item through Amazon on Watchsavings . Best price out there and just in time for Christmas . I `` expedited '' the order anyway , to be sure , and after almost a full week , I get a cancellation from Watchsavings and Amazon because the item is `` out of stock '' . This is well after the timeframe within which the watch was supposed to have arrived . I noted today that the item is still listed on Watchsavings , and at an even lower price . I am not happy , and I ordered the same watch from another site for 30 dollars more , except the new site confirmed that my order had been shipped out the next day .
 I can not believe that I have a watch with a battery without load ... I had to buy a new battery .
 I ordered this watch a few weeks ago , received a confirmation email and my account was charged . I checked the mail daily and it never came . I did a little research and found that it was no longer charged to my account , Amazon had no record of it ever being ordered and I 'm checking the mail for nothing ! So I 'll try again - I really want this watch .
 I ordered this watch the other day and went online just to check the status and to my dismay , I did n't have an order on amazon anymore . It was unavailable but this is not posted anywhere on the page . Amazon and Fossil are not communicating , if you attempt to order this watch or others from Fossil you might want to cross your fingers that it will ever be available . Good luck ! I certainly did n't have any .
 I purchased this watch for my Mom as a gift and the band is heavy and for the price you can find a better watch out there .
 I can only tell you about my experience with this watch which is not positive.Time calibration has never worked . I 've read the manual and followed the instructions yet I still have yet to see this feature work and this feature was the selling point for the watch . The watch is rediculously big as well . I hate walking around with this giant thing on my wrist . I regret having bought this watch .
 I bought this watch on Auguest 28,2009 . It looks nice and worked fine till last week . It stoped to work correctly on April .22 2010 . Less than a year . Ridiculous !!! The factory locations are very limited in North America -LRB- New York , Toronto , Mexcio -RRB- . You need to think it over when you buy those expensive watch on Amazon . It is so difficult for you to find help when things went wrong . :-LRB- You have to accept it and tell yourself `` well , bad luck '' .
 The watch face is smaller than the fingernail on my pinky finger . Pictures on Amazon are deceiving . You will need a magnifying glass to use this watch !
 Arrived with a dead battery , too small for most hands . It looks exactly like the price it is sold for , there is no surprise that it does n't work and it takes tiny hands to operate it .
 I bought it cause it looked nice in a picture , but do n't let it deceive you.The box that contains watch looked really good , but magic vanishes as soon as you open . Watch looked real cheap . the whole watch is gold , the killer is the clasp , it 's GREEN !!!!! disgusting ... Also it came with a pen , which has visible scratch-marks too ... Go spend your money somewhere else . .
 I returned the watch because its appearance was very low-qual ... bright , shiny cheap gold ! The photo and title -LRB- International Mother of Pearl Watch -RRB- led me to believe that it was a burnished gold , but that it was n't ! Also , the description should have included a description of the clasp and it did n't . It was too large for my wrist and was not adjustable , but I could n't discern whether it was adjustable or not until I received the watch .
 This does not look like a diamond one.Its appearence is very bad no worth of even 15 $ . I purchased it for my sister but I was totally dissapointed after presenting it to her .
 I BOUGHT THIS WATCH I WAS SHOCKED WHEN I TAKE IT TO JEWLLERY SHOP TO EXAMINE IF ITS REAL DIAMOND , IT WASNT , ITS COMPLETLY NON REAL , HE SAID ITS ZARAKON STONES , AND EVEN THE BERCELT COLOR WILL CHANGE IN FEW MONTHS . IT WAS A VERY LIGHT WEIGHT WATCH LIKE THE VERY CHEAP CHINES WATCH COPIES
 It 's so difficult to find a dual analog and digital watch , especially at this price . I ordered this watch from another vendor and was very disappointed to find that the digital display is BARELY visible . I called Bulova and was told by their engineering department that the photo of this watch -LRB- as are many watches -RRB- is significantly enhanced . I was further told that Bulova has received complaints about their analog/digital models -LRB- although I have n't see any others from Bulova -RRB- . Bottom line is this is a great looking watch -LRB- rubber strap extremely cool -RRB- but has an unforgivable flaw , you can read it ! Do not buy this watch based on the stock photo . You will be disappointed with the digital display . One other thing , if you do buy this watch and are reading the instructions , please note that to my knowledge , it does NOT have an alarm check -LRB- as the instructions indicate -RRB- nor do you press the B + C buttons to enable/disable the hourly chime . It 's the A+B buttons .
 I decided to buy this watch after I read the reviews and the overall rating.When I received the watch I was very disappointed to see that the words Pierre Cardin on the top and Diamond on the bottom were not written in straight line -LRB- as they appear in the photo , i.e. , parallel to the upper and lower sides of the rectangular frame -RRB- but instead they were going upwards -LRB- kind of diagonally -RRB- . The diamonds are really tiny as it was mentioned in other reviews and the watch does look substantial in terms of weight . Another drawback is its clasp . It is really very hard to open and close.However , the diagonally written `` Pierre Cardin '' and `` Diamond '' words , makes the watch not wearable since it is very visible , plus it raises questions on its authenticity .
 I loved the look and the size of this watch , and the fact that it was water-resistant . However , within 3 weeks it stopped working . It may have needed a new battery , but I was n't interested in having to get a replacement for a brand-new watch , particularly because there was a second problem
 i love the invicta brand and style but this one looks too timex-y . the white dial/black number/markers just does n't look good
 USPS lost the original shipment . Amazon customer service replaced the watch . Very happy with Amazon speedy solution to the ploblem of USPS sloppy handling of the original shipment
 Watch arrived broken and was returned for a refund . It was to have been a Christmas gift .
 The adjustment buttons have always been difficult to operate . They take alot of pressure and are sometime just plain unresponsive . Now the alarm mode quit working . You could buy a dozen Casios for the money . They would look about the same , not be so difficult to adjust , and last longer .
 I purchased the C9 watch and about 5 weeks later it stopped working . I returned it to the store and they gave me a new one . About a month later it stopped . I put in a new battery that worked for less than 3 weeks.I am now searching for a different brand . Never again .
 C9 Champion Fitness watch was delivered and needed new battery . Stopped working within 2 weeks of delivery . Sent two messages to supplier with no response .
 advertived as a $ 100 watch . It has alwayes been a $ 10 watch seller is a LIER
 The watch is a beautiful one , but when my husband does n't wear it for a day or two the time is always off and he gets upset . If I would have known that it was going to be like this I would not have ordered it . But it is a nice watch . I guess he will have to sleep with it .
 Unfortunately , this watch was not nearly as nice in person as it was in the picture ... it was quite dissapointing .
 I really ca n't give a review - what I need to tell you is that you must put the band size for all the watches you show or I can never buy any one of them .
 I really ca n't give a review - what I need to tell you is that you must put the band size for all the watches you show or I can never buy any one of them .
 Not ready for prime time . I bought this watch for two reasons ; first I really liked it 's minimalistic design -LRB- fan of Bauhaus and Swiss design -RRB- , next because I need to keep track of UTC/GMT/Zulu time for my work . So the fact that this watch also gave me a second time zone clinched the deal . Ordered and arrived quickly . Opened the box and set the time and the second time zone . Used my `` Most Accurate Clock '' to make sure the time was correct . As I was watching the movement of the second hand my first disappointment was that this hand did not always line up with the markings on the face , small detail I thought only a minor distraction from the fact that I could keep track of UTC so I let it slide . I put this watch back in the box so I could check the time keeping accuracy . Reopened the box 24 hours later and the first thing I notice was that the second time zone hand had fallen back about 30 minutes . Hmmm , reset it and waited a few more hours , once again it had fallen back . Thinking this is such a cool watch and did n't want to have to return it I called the US distributor and selected the Service department option . No answer so I left a message . 24 hours later second hour hand again 30 minutes behind and no call from the distributor . Time to return and move on ...
 I 've just received my T05103 , something I was looking forward to . I was anxious to see this watch in operation , as it looks good in photos -LRB- I liked the direct simplicity -RRB- but which also had reviews which gave a mixed impression . Disappointed ! Like another reviewer noted , the second hand lines up between marks , which is inexcusable in a watch of this price . This watch came without a manual -LRB- which I needed to figure out the 24-hour hand -RRB- , although I was able to find it online . This is a watch which will go into rotation with an original Victorinox Swiss Army watch and a Casio atomic-time G-Shock , a watch which remains my reference watch , and still the preferred choice . After leaving the watch overnight , I awoke to find that the 24-hour hand had lost half an hour . This watch is undependable , and frankly , a piece of garbage . I 'm returning it , and have no intention of getting another .
 Beautiful watch , however when it arrived the Citizen box and case were in shambles . The Citizen box was even open and the watch was laying loosely in the Amazon box . Would not recommend purchasing this watch through Amazon .
 You can only set times in 1-hour differences from UTC . This fact has not been included -LRB- conveniently glossed over -RRB- in the product description . This means that being an Indian , I can use this watch only if I pretend to be a parisian , or if I have to add/subtract half an hour to the time on my watch every freaking time . What use is a watch if you can not set even the local time right when you are traveling internationally ? It has not been published on the site that this watch can not be set for time-zones of Canada , Mid-australia , India , Newzealand .
 Be careful what you wish for . My wife bought me this watch for Christmas . She and I thought the watch had everything I wanted in a watch . But when I opened it up on Christmas morning . I realized that with all of the features I desired I could not read the watch . Everything is too small to read . All of a sudden I now feel very old because I had to use reading glasses just to tell the time . I also found that the watch does not have a back light . I really need a back light . My wife was upset when I asked her to return it . But I figured at $ 300.00 I should be able to use the watch . Fortunately she enjoyed her gift .
 I bought this watch in 2002 and I was mostly happy with it until this year . I like the slightly smaller size as compared to other Skyhawks , and the understated yet classy titanium colour . A few years after purchase it stopped working and I had to send it in to have the battery replaced under warranty . Yes it does have a battery - that 's what gets recharged by light.Similar to other reviewers experience , the crystal was relatively easily scratched , paint came off the numbers on the case , and the alarms were too quiet.This year the crystal fogged after I went swimming in the ocean . As I was packing it to send in for repairs the crown fell off in my hand . I do n't think there was anything that I did to make this happen . The repair estimate from Citizen was $ 80 for a new movement , $ 98 for a new case -LRB- they said the case was cracked ? -RRB- and $ 4 for a new stem , plus $ 25 labour . Including tax and shipping the total was $ 231 . Since I can buy a new one on the net for $ 260 , I told them just to send it back unrepaired . I 'm glad I only paid $ 240 for it originally and not the list $ 550 . Still , I expected this watch to last many more years than the seven that I got out of it.I replaced it with a much cheaper Casio WVM120J which I got on amazon for half price at $ 40 , which has the solar power , 100M waterproof , multiple time zones and alarms , and count down timer . It also a backlight and atomic time keeping which works great - I 'm always within 1 second of the correct time . Of course it 's plastic , not titanium and does n't look nearly as nice . Too bad !
 I purchased this item thinking it was a good deal for $ 280 free shipping . When I received it , the face was VERY scratched . I paid $ 7 to mail it back and requested a full refund . However , I was charged $ 56 for a reshelfing fee !! BE CAREFUL WITH CUSTOMER SERVICE . IT 'S NON-EXISTANT . Items advertised as new are obviously not always so !
 Looks attractive and worked well initially . However after 3 years it just quit . Wo n't run and wo n't recharge just lies there dead .
 when the eco drive watch had a cloud of moisture on the inside of the crystal , i sent it back to citizen for warranty repair.they supposedly repaired it and returned it . some 8-10 months later , it did it again , so i returned it still under warranty.they claimed i had unscrewed the crown and would not repair it without payment.i never knew the crown could be removed and never touched it.they are the only ones who ever serviced the watch . never again.was going to sue , but they are n't worth the time .
 After weeks of researching Citizen watches and realizing they really do n't have what I 'm looking for , I settled on the Titanium Skyhawk . I really wanted a simple Titanium watch with a perpetual calendar ... Citizen makes ONE and I did n't like it.What 's wrong with this watch ? 1 . Way too thick ... sit up off your arm . The rotating bezel functions are basically useless unless you are accustomed to using a sliderule . I 'm sure a real pilot would not use it . If they took it off , the watch would be HALF as thick .2 . The crystal is not flat . It 's like looking through a coke bottle . At an angle , you ca n't see anything on the watch3 . The hands on the watch are not solid -LRB- hollowed out -RRB- ... no such thing as a quick glance to see what time it is .4 . The day/date is so small , i 'll likely only be able to see it for another year or two . I do n't wear reading glasses now . . i can even read the small numbers on the rotating bezel . But it 's almost impossible to read the digital date unless in perfect lighting.The watch looks nice and is very light . No idea you have it on your wrist . I do like yellow sweep/second hand.Overall , I could live with everything but the rounded crystal . . but for this amount of money , I should not have to `` settle '' for anything . Sadly , I will likely return the watch .
 I purchased the Citizen Men 's Skyhawk Eco-Drive Watch for my husband . I paid for a `` NEW '' watch , after close examination of the watch the crystal was found to be scratched ... the company Fashion and Time refused to replace the watch or refund the cost . Stating `` the product sustained damage after one month of use '' . The watch was never touched until my husband opened it . I will never purchase anything from Fashion and Time and will let everyone I know the company is not true when the product says `` NEW '' . Horrible customer service . Fashion and Time only communicates through email , this is not a user friendly company . I am a VERY DISSATISFIED customer and now stuck with a used watch I paid full price for .
 I just purchased Citizen Men 's Skyhawk Eco-Drive Watch #JR 3060-59F online from Amazon.com , but one of the pushdown buttons on the righthand side of the watch gets stuck and is not working properly , I have to return it . The watch does not even give me a chance to use it , too bad .
 Before I reveal its critical flaw , let me say I love the way the watch looks.That said , the watch has no backlight !!! I can not see the analog time at night and the digital display is completely unreadable even in dim light -LRB- have you ever seen an LCD display on a watch that did n't have a backlight ? -RRB- . Not having a backlight is an inexcusable flaw on a watch this price . And the phosporescent watch hands fade in about an hour , so that does n't help much . Of course , you could just carry a flashlight with you.Because of this flaw , I rarely wear the watch . I wear a cheaper Casio with a backlight that I do not like anywhere near as much.If considering this watch against any other , just make sure you also consider how important it is to you to be able to read the time in the dark and to be able to read the digital LCD display when you do n't have optimal light . If it is important , find a different watch .
 I owned this model for about six years . I found the watch easy to use , and functional . It was my first titanium watch , and I found the strap held up fine relative to scratches . The reason I give this watch one star , is that it leaked . I recently noted condensation under the glass . I sent it back to Citizen and they indicated the case tube leaked . Now out of warranty , I can change the CASE and MOVEMENT to repair . So - basically I need a whole new watch.So , while I enjoyed the watch I am disappointed that it failed in this manner.I have bought several Eco-Drives for friends and family as gifts , but will no longer buy Citizen products .
 I 'm really disappointed with this watch . Less than a year after buy it , got a display malfunction and shows a blank space instead the first carachter of the cities box . So , now I got '' EN '' instead `` DEN '' -LRB- Denver -RRB- , '' HI '' instead `` CHI '' -LRB- Chicago -RRB- , '' ON '' instead `` LON '' -LRB- London -RRB- , and so on.Frustrating . Citizen should change its name to Itizen ... Never more !
 I bought a Citizen Navihawk watch from a jewlery store paid over $ 400.00 for it . Well about 2 months after I bought the watch it started malfunctioning , the jewlry store sent it off to be repaired , I had to wait nearly six months to get it back , when it came back it still was not fixed . So I told them to send it again , once again waited another six months , watch came back , and still was not fix , instead the new module for the watch , was in the bag with the watch , less the hands , I had to take the watch apart my self and remove the hands from the old module and install them on the new one , because I didnt want to wait another 6 months ? The analog part of the watch is notorious for jumping time . I wont wear it any more because I dont trust it to keep time . If you want a watch that looks pretty buy it otherwise , it is a useless overpriced piece of junk that wound up in my junk drawer . Its sure not work the big price , I bought a cheap $ 5 watch that keeps better time .
 Oooh , Blue Angels , yellow markers . Would n't it be cool to get a Blue Angels watch ? NO ! I actually did purchase it -LRB- and returned it . -RRB- I will admit that the watch did look really cool on line and even when I received it . So what is the problem ? This watch is waaaay too complicated . the slide rule feature sounds better than it is practical . The manual explains how to use it by teaching you how to calculate flight related data . Sorry , my bad , I 'm not a pilot . The calculations are not something I worry about when shooting down enemy flyers in Ace Combat . Alright , let 's say that next years version of Ace Combat will require me to make important flight calculations before I take off , the problem is that the numbers of the slide rule are miniscule and I can barely read them.Also , do I really need to know the time in Sidney , or Rio or Tokyo or the dozen or so other Cities that are pre-programmed into the watch . If I could afford to travel to all of them , would I be wearing a Citizen ? The dial to let you know which function you are in , i.e. ; time , chrono , date etc. is too small to read as well . There is no perpetual calendar , I need to fiddle with the stem every month . you ca n't set the hands , you set the time digitally and the hands will follow -LRB- this is n't a big complaint , but it 's hard to see the time digitally because the window for it is so small . -RRB- the eco-drive feature of no batteries is great and the navy blue face of the watch is nice , but really , the watch is a mess . if you really wanted all the features this watch has , a calculator watch by Casio would probably be better at one tenth of the cost , although no one would mistake you for a pilot wearing a geeky casio calculator watch .
 A gift , Blues Angels Eco Drive AT , bought to replace a prior gift Blues Angels that died after 4 years - that by the way often needed repair for balky dials and condensation . Briefly , I fly . I also know a 25,000 hr . RETIRED airline pilot who own 's this . When he flew jets , he did not need a watch as cockpits have an array of computers . He wears this for style . I fly VFR and do not need digital precision . I DO need easy readability and ergonomics because my watch is a tool . I 'll use a Vibralite , G-Shock , any analog chrono with timer subdial or rotating bezel with reference minutes ... Breitlings , Omega , Tag , Marathon Csar , Timex , Casio . I do not like tiny windows with even smaller numerals often hidden by watch hands ; nor removing the watch to access a crown which must be pulled one tiny notch , rotated to the function then pressed in again just to access the chrono feature , and then the same for another simultaneously needed function like the timer ... finger acrobatics to distract me in flight . I do not need a backlight that functions only for useless alternate timezones yet not in chrono mode where it 's really needed -LRB- they do n't tell you that before buying -RRB- . See where I 'm going with this ? ... useless form over function . If you like a conversation piece that will tell people you 're an aviation enthusiast , sure it 's a nice piece and well recommended for that purpose . NOT recommended as a pilot 's tool . There are much much better , smarter choices . In fact there are other Citizen models not designated `` aviator 's watches '' with timer bezels I 'd prefer and I 've since seen highly regarded `` pilot 's pilots '' wearing these . If they 'd make the subwindow larger , backlit for all functions and pushbutton access to these , it 'd be a winner . Anyway I returned this watch with no regrets other than no one asks me if I fly when they see my Casio .
 I recently bought a PMV65-2242 and would like to share my impressions and opinions with you . Where to start ? * -RRB- Weight . The thing weighs a ton . And I bought the titanium version ; I can only imagine what the stainless one is like . One arm 's got to hang a couple of inches lower than the other . Good thing I wanted a heavy watch , 'cause this one fits the bill to a T. -LRB- My titanium Navihawk is so light I thought the seller had ripped me off and that the casing was hollow ... -RRB- * -RRB- Size . It 's exactly the size indicated in all the propaganda , but it just does n't look as large to me as I thought it would . For me , the larger the better , so I was unpleasantly surprised . * -RRB- The anti-glare glass is quite nice . It 's a pain with my Navihawks to wiggle my wrist around in strong lighting just to see what time it is . It 's not perfect , but it is much better . * -RRB- It glows in the dark just great ! I can really see what time it is when the light 's been out for hours , something that 's a weak point with my Navitimers -LRB- I own three -RRB- . But I am a pilot and must assess this watch to be great for my pre-flight work - at home at the table . In a cockpit the vibrations and lack of light make this unit in my opinion worthless . My Aristo Aviat E6-B flight computer - a circular slide rule of 13 cm -LRB- 5 inch -RRB- diameter - does n't fit on my wrist , but is 100 times better , even in a cramped cockpit . * -RRB- The LCD display is illuminated . This works very well and should have been on the Navitimer . * -RRB- The minute hand does n't click every 20 seconds like on the Navihawk -LRB- and on my Breitling -RRB- ; it is constantly in motion . -LRB- I think that 's even neater that way , but some other users may not . -RRB- * -RRB- The Navihawks were first issued in approx . 1994 . That means their technology is not exactly fresh and up-to-date , but on the other hand it certainly does not mean it is not good . Let me list a few really neat features from the Navihawk that Citizen decided to go downhill on and not to build into their series `` PMV65-2242 '' -LRB- just where DOES Citizen get these ridiculous IDs from ? - it reminds me of the Monty Python bit
 This is a real good watch for the bucks you pay . But , be aware that it does not cover all the time zones in the world . And , that is the only reason why I returned this watch as it does not cover time zone in countries like India , srilanka , central australia and few other . Which means , if you travel to these countries , you can never set your local time . So , the very purpose of your watch is gone !! . Of course , it is understandable that CITIZEN never intend to sell this watch to customers reside in the above said countries . But , it also prevents customers from buying this watch due to reasons like they may vacation to those countries . For a watch of this quality and cost , CITIZEN should really think of upgrading it so it covers all time zones . This will surely shoot up the sales as many of my friends have turned down this watch because of the above stated time zone problem . 2 stars because of this issue . Otherwise , it is a wonderful watch and has killer looks.Hopefully , CITIZEN upgrades to all time zones and many of us are waiting to buy :--RRB- -RRB-
 I ordered this watch because it was classy looking , solar powered , had lots of cool electronic features , and -LRB- unlike many Navihawk models -RRB- had an analog second hand -LRB- which is a significant feature for my profession -RRB- . Compared to my old Navihawk , however , the digital displays on this watch were much too small . Between the fact that they are black characters on a grey background , have no backlight , and are situated so that the rim of the watch casts a shadow on them -- they 're just way too hard to read . As for the slide-rule bezel , you just about need a magnifying glass to read those characters . And the titanium construction made this watch not appreciably lighter than my stainless steel Navihawk . If you need a cool looking analog watch with a second hand , this watch will do it . I decided to return mine , however . If you want to actually read the electronic characters , have an equally cool looking watch , and pay less money , look for one of the Navihawks of similar Citizens with the digital display on the right-hand part of the face .
 i bought this casio watch . it 's a little bit pricey . the battery did n't last long . the watch looks old fashion . i would rather buy the kenneth cole than that watch
 I was very disappointed with the look and style of the product for the price , I felt the watch looked too big and boxy . It made the watch look cheap . I ca n't criticize the quality of the workings of the watch as we never took it out of the box once we saw it . I returned it immediately . I guess I did ` nt see that from the picture . I have since found a competitors product at about the same price range that I felt looked a lot better .
 You ca n't see it in the pictures but this watch is something like 1/2 inch thick!That and the fact that is has a weak strap and this watch found it 's way to the trash can in 3 months.My two-year old son missed the the beeping the buttons produced but I was happy to be rid of this albatros !
 I am very dissapointed with the product . Maybe it sat on the shelf to long . Its a Quartz watch once it has a battery it should work , This item fail after less than a months wear on the wrist of a woman who was so proud to have the item until she gave away her other watch to a friend because it did n't have a diamond bezel . We have sent it in for repair but we do n't expect it to be good even if return because a jeweler said that there should be nothing to repair in a Quartz watch . It was pretty , it looked good , but boy what a dissapoinment !
 A gorgeous watch but very low quality . I got this watch as a gift , only wore it to the office , and always took good care of it . Perpetual calendar took a couple of months -LRB- ! -RRB- and multiple visits to the store to settle down . It then broke twice over less than two years , each time costing $ 350 and taking a few months -LRB- yes months -RRB- to repair . I eventually gave up . Omega service , at least in New York , is despicable . Keep away . My other watch , a $ 45 Casio , never gave me any trouble even though I race triathlons with it .
 the features on this watch are very minimal and not well laid out.you can get a very similar looking watch with a LOT more useful features , the Casio W-71not only that , but this watch is featured twice on Amazon ; search ` F-91W ' and the same watch comes up at $ 11.48 w / free S.S. shipping . Even at that price , I suggest not getting it.No month or year on displayNo count-down timeretc . -LRB- see my other review on the other offering of this watch for more details -RRB- Spend a little more and get the W-71-1V for $ 18.45 .
 The alarm only sounds for 20 seconds , which i slept through on the first test .
 Skagen Men 's Team CSC Titanium Chronograph Watch # 721XLTRBThis watch looked great but came with problems . One reason I got this watch was that it was Swiss . Well , I received the watch and when I looked at the dial to where it was suppose to say `` Swiss Made '' , it was missing a letter `` s '' so it said `` Swis Made '' on the front dial of the watch . I returned it and Amazon sent a prompt replacement but that was defective in a different way . The replacement watch had its band fitted wrong so that one of the chronograph knobs was loose and had a gap around it so that stuff could accumulate under the wrap around band . In short the watch looks great on the cover but when you look at the details you find you should stay away . Amazon was great dealing with the situation . I am right now waiting for my two returns from this order to process .
 This watch was given to members of the press at CES 2007 in January of the same year . Since that time the watch has been in repair twice due to button malfunction . When it worked it was fine . Just before service was necessary a button or buttons would begin to make a squeaking noise followed by failure . This watch may have a battery good for 10 years . but the greatest pleasure I received from this product was gained by throwing it in the trash .
 Well , it ran well for the first year . Then the display started fading when you press any of the buttons.Changed batteries twice . No use . Dont waste your money .
 This G-shock Black/Red has two letter Black and Red . Black is conventional but red character is very difficult to look at.Side window of second sign is little cheap .
 I thought this watch looked pretty nice on my computer , but I was so disappointed when it arrived . You get what you pay for ! The leather strap is thin , flimsy and cheap looking . And the second hand does NOT `` sweep '' as is stated in the item description . The watch -LRB- case/dial -RRB- is nice looking , but feels very lightweight and cheap.I will be getting another watch for everyday wear - and spending more for better quality .
 This watch is inferior . It is made for looks only . You get what you pay for .
 This watch is beautiful , but not very functional . In an effort to make it water tight Momentum has made it very difficult to set the time , date and alarm . First you have to unscrew the crown . After that you pull the crown out to the first position for date/alarm or second position for time . Unfortunately , the positions are difficult to find and the first position overlaps with the screw threads for the water seal . What you 'll find is that the date will get messed up whenever you attempt to make any adjustment -- time , date or alarm -- and it 's very difficult to set and keep the alarm setting , because when you attempt to tighten down the crown it changes the alarm setting.Cute watch . Just do n't try to set the time , date or alarm and you 'll get years of happiness from it .
 Compared to Timex , Seiko falls on the sword every time.Timex Indiglo Highschool Rulz !
 I was looking for an everyday watch that specifically had a brown leather band . When I found this Seiko watch for under $ 50-it seemed like a great buy . But when I received the watch , it was less than met the eye . The whole watchface is shiny gold-including the hands and its not easy to read . But my main criticism is the band -- its a muddy color orange-y brown and its very thick -- actually it looks more like a man 's watch than a woman 's . Did I love it-no . Did I keep it-yes . Like I said before , it was under $ 50 ...
 this watch was supposed to be a gift for my wife . when it came , it was ugly , a very large dial for a ladys watch and the strap was too short . I shipped it back to amazon 18 days ago , and am still waiting for the refund to clear . And , oh yes , they charge you the `` free '' shipping when you return the merchandise . Be aware .
 I purchased this watch for myself and it was much bulkier than it looked int the picture in real life . I like larger watches for myself but this was a bit much . Also , the date could not be set on the one I received so I returned it .
 I wanted a watch with the following features :1 . Women 's sized analog watch2 . Alarm3 . Night lightAppearance
 I agree with all other statements about this watches visual appearance ; However , the fact this watch HAS NO ILLUMINATION CAPABILITY is what earns it an EPIC FAIL on function . Totally worthless as anything other than a big , expensive piece of jewelry . The inability to see what time it is unless you are indoors under lights or outside with bright sunlight makes this device totally impractical and useless as a watch . In fact , it should not even be called a watch . Call it a bracelet with minimal time-keeping capability . It 's other `` feature '' is the ability to suck $ 60 - $ 80 from your wallet depending on where/who you get it from while STILL * not * enabling you to see what time it is on your watch .
 I bought 2 of these watches -LRB- special edition with rose tree dial -RRB- - one for myself , one for my dad . The seconds handle fell off on one of the watches after just a year of use . The other watch constantly runs behind - you set it to the correct time , you wake up in the morning and it is 30 mins behind , you reset it , wait a couple more days and same story happens all over again . For a $ 135 watch those sorts of mechanical issues are not acceptable .
 This watch is very poorly made . I accidentally `` brushed '' by a ceramic countertop and the watch face shattered . The watch stopped working shortly thereafter . I have tried numerous times to contact by email the service department to try to get it repaired . No reply . Recommend to not by this product .
 NOTHING WRONG WITH THE WATCH ... HOWEVER , SWING SOME WHERE , THE COMPANY IS A RIP OFF , THEY ARE SCAMMERS , THEY TOOK MY MONEY MONTHS AGO , NEVER SENT THE WATCH , NEVER RESPONDED TO EMAILS , AND THEY DO NOT ANSWER THE PHONE . DO NOT BUY FROM THESE SCAMMERS ! THERE ARE PLENTY OF OTHER DECENT WATCH SELLERS ON AMAZON OR BUYY FROM AMAZON DIRECTLY ... DO NOT TRUST THESE PEOPLE .
 NOTHING WRONG WITH THE WATCH ... HOWEVER , SWING SOME WHERE , THE COMPANY IS A RIP OFF , THEY ARE SCAMMERS , THEY TOOK MY MONEY MONTHS AGO , NEVER SENT THE WATCH , NEVER RESPONDED TO EMAILS , AND THEY DO NOT ANSWER THE PHONE . DO NOT BUY FROM THESE SCAMMERS ! THERE ARE PLENTY OF OTHER DECENT WATCH SELLERS ON AMAZON OR BUYY FROM AMAZON DIRECTLY ... DO NOT TRUST THESE PEOPLE .
 Let me bottom line this for you . If you want a bad-boy Microtec based tritium watch , then buy a Traser , Luminox or KHS . All the other ones I 've run into are cheap and a weak excuse for a hardcore watch . I purchased one of these S&W 's to replace a broken Luminox . I sent it back the first day I got it . It was very cheap and the illumination was very poor . I then bought a Traser from LA Police Gear , and was very happy with it . If you want the badest of the bad , check out the German KHS with the blue tritium ... very cool . Best price-to-performance goes to the Traser watches , hands down . All my cop buddies agree with me on this ! -LRB- except my buddy who dropped $ 350 on a KHS , but I think he need to tell himself that to justify spending over twice as much for basicly the same watch ! -RRB- Hope this Helps !
 I received the wrong order , I order the diver Black face T25 RBBR nylon . \ I 'm not happy .
 NOTHING WRONG WITH THE WATCH ... HOWEVER , SWING SOME WHERE , THE COMPANY IS A RIP OFF , THEY ARE SCAMMERS , THEY TOOK MY MONEY MONTHS AGO , NEVER SENT THE WATCH , NEVER RESPONDED TO EMAILS , AND THEY DO NOT ANSWER THE PHONE . DO NOT BUY FROM THESE SCAMMERS ! THERE ARE PLENTY OF OTHER DECENT WATCH SELLERS ON AMAZON OR BUYY FROM AMAZON DIRECTLY ... DO NOT TRUST THESE PEOPLE .
 NOTHING WRONG WITH THE WATCH ... HOWEVER , SWING SOME WHERE , THE COMPANY IS A RIP OFF , THEY ARE SCAMMERS , THEY TOOK MY MONEY MONTHS AGO , NEVER SENT THE WATCH , NEVER RESPONDED TO EMAILS , AND THEY DO NOT ANSWER THE PHONE . DO NOT BUY FROM THESE SCAMMERS ! THERE ARE PLENTY OF OTHER DECENT WATCH SELLERS ON AMAZON OR BUYY FROM AMAZON DIRECTLY ... DO NOT TRUST THESE PEOPLE .
 Let me bottom line this for you . If you want a bad-boy Microtec based tritium watch , then buy a Traser , Luminox or KHS . All the other ones I 've run into are cheap and a weak excuse for a hardcore watch . I purchased one of these S&W 's to replace a broken Luminox . I sent it back the first day I got it . It was very cheap and the illumination was very poor . I then bought a Traser from LA Police Gear , and was very happy with it . If you want the badest of the bad , check out the German KHS with the blue tritium ... very cool . Best price-to-performance goes to the Traser watches , hands down . All my cop buddies agree with me on this ! -LRB- except my buddy who dropped $ 350 on a KHS , but I think he need to tell himself that to justify spending over twice as much for basicly the same watch ! -RRB- Hope this Helps !
 I received the wrong order , I order the diver Black face T25 RBBR nylon . \ I 'm not happy .
 I have two of the Momentum Atlas watches by St. Moritz , one with the white face , and one with the black . They are good looking watches and initially you think they are great -- titanium cases , very legible , keep good time . Unfortunately , the screw down crown just does not work well -- on both of mine they initially would pop up every little while , now they will not stay screwed down at all . I think the threads are so tiny and fragile that after you set the time a couple of times for daylight savings or change the date , they just strip or something , and I was VERY gentle with mine . Would love to recommend them , but this is a glaring design problem .
 Sports Instruments -LRB- SI -RRB- was a Utah based company with 3-4 employees that was sold to Bell Sports in 2004 -LRB- and Bell Sports was later sold to Easton Sports in 2006 -RRB- . SI 's activities had slowed , and it is reasonable to believe that SI wristwatches were last produced in 2003 . Products were made in Asia by a reputable factory.You should know that the original watch batteries are at the end of their shelf life . Unless the seller has recently replaced batteries , you will quickly face the burden and cost of dealing with battery issues.Early altimeter watches were a bit erratic and had higher defect rates , and this watch is no exception . You may want to ask your seller about how to obtain warranty service from a brand that is no longer produced.Replacing the watch batteries is too difficult for most consumers . Even a professional repair person must use care to maker certain that the parts are precisely returned to the original positions to maintain water resistance . Expect to pay $ 9-20 to have the watch battery replaced , and tell your repair person you want the product to keep its water resistance.If you are willing to deal with battery replacement issues , make certain that you get a good enough price to justify the added repair burdens ... and that you get good information about how to deal with warranty issues .
 I had real bad luck with this watch . I tried two watches and neither one worked . The first one had no display and the second one you could n't change it to feet . I sent bought of them back .
 I took a chance on this watch from a close-out retailer who agreed to put a new battery in it prior to shipping . Cost was under $ 20 . The watch has a lot of wasted space on the face of it , devoting the bottom line of the three line display to telling you which mode it is in . For example , when the day/date is displayed on the top line and the time is in the center , the bottom third of the watch reads `` CLOCK . '' All modes display like that.Calibrating is a bit of a chore but works if you follow the directions very closely . It 's easy to miss something and have to start over again.The second day I had the watch , set and ready to go , I headed out to a local hilly park for a workout . By the end of my warmup mile the START/STOP button was missing from the watch , rendering it worthless.My opinion ? If you see one of these for any price , avoid it . Even if it worked as the manufacturer designed it it 's not worth the money .
 Purchased this item as a Christmas gift for my little sister , and unfortunately was not able to give this to her . This watch is advertised as having a leather strap -LRB- calfskin to be exact -RRB- . When I received the watch and opened it , I noticed that the strap was hard manipulate . It was tough , and much shorter than I would have liked it to be . When I flipped the watch over it states right on the strap `` Synthetic leather '' . Which of course explains why it was so difficult to maneuver the strap . Very disappointed in the false advertising and quality of the strap . The watch face itself is not bad looking , but the strap ruins the whole watch .
 When I opened the package , instead of the watch I CLICKED AND ORDERED , I received a thin brown leather grandma watch .
 I would n't buy this unless you 're positive you have a watch case it 'll open . It did n't open any of mine . A waste of my money .
 I 'm sure this is good stuff . It would be really nice if it came w/instructions . Of any kind . I see a HUGE market here for someone to sell instructions for $ 5.00 or so and make a mint ...
 Looks wosrt than a dollar store watch , do not get confuse like I did , Casio does make cheap watches , this watch looks small on my 2 yr old nephew , looks and feels cheap , walmart has much better Casio watches for the same money .
 It 's a nice watch , but the face is too dark to read unless you 're standing under a lamp . I had to return it .
 I would recommend this watch if you like bulky watches . My disappointment was that when I returned it I was charged $ 10.00 dollars and I had to call in order to get my account credited .
 If you want something to tell the time , buy a watch.If you 've got lots of time on your hands , are willing to wade through the world 's smallest-print owner 's manual , and have the patience to spend sufficient time babysitting this thing , it 's fine.Mine did n't show the correct time , would not correctly set DST , and flashed error codes . Since I already have enough complications in my life and just wanted a watch , mine went back in the box it came in . I 'm sure it will do what it 's supposed to if you have the patience to deal with it and good enough eyes to read that tiny manual . I do n't . I like simple , not complicated . I do n't want to have to train myself to use a watch , and I do n't want to have to babysit it , I just want it to work . Leave it on a windowsill free from interference with the 12:00 positioned toward the outside so the thing can automatically update from the Atomic Clock ? An unnecessary complication . Make sure it gets enough sunlight and that your shirt cuff does n't interfere with the solar recharge cycle ? A step backward from 3yr lithium batteries.For gizmo lovers only .
 Although Seiko is a trusted name in watches , this watch misses the mark . The irridescent blue face makes it difficult to read the time . Plus the date is so small that you 'd need a magnifying glass to read it . I returned this item in favor of a larger face .
 The price is pretty attractive , maybe too attrative . When Ibought it , it simply does n't work , can not run for more than12 hours . The manul seems alos weared , looks like an returnitem . I asked for exchange , told amazon run out of stock .
 This product works wonderfully but , why would you make a bed wetting watch for a potential client that is 4 years old , slap a $ 100 pricetag on it and NOT make it water proof ??? Kids that age are not going to have the forsight to take it off all the time .
 I may have received a lemon , but this watch is horrible . I have read through the instructions multiple times . Each time that I attempt to set the first alarm , the screen goes blank and takes a day or so to return to the normal screen . I tried to exchange the watch , and a month later , the very same watch was returned to me , saying that `` technicians replaced the batteries and did rigorous diagnostic testing and the watch passed all tests '' . After having the very same problems , I went online to return the watch , and now received an email from the company saying , `` I will call you direct to troubleshoot your watch '' . So it is clear that the company is not going to make a return easy , either . I would not buy anything from Just Home Medical and especially not this watch !
 The watch will not alarm like it was advertised . I have had it sitting in my office , on my to-do-list , to call the company to figure it out . So for the money - I am not sure at this point - what the outcome will be ??
 i purchased this watch pretty much to save myself from buying one for about double the cost . when i received the watch i found out why : the band is what you would find on a very cheap watch / the box makes reference to being made in germany , however the watch clearly states , `` made in china '' / the directions were poorly translated / and the sealer of the deal for me was that the mode button was very poor - sometimes it would advance two modes ahead on one press , other times it would n't advance at all.i 'm definitely returning itTAKE CARE !
 Bought this a year ago today actually.First of all ... the band broke after one month ... then ... the casing started to wear showing that the casing is actually painted on ... that is not the true color of the casing ... and then ... this weekend while on a hunting trip I noticed that no matter what direction I was headed ... it always said NE . Luckily a friend brought a compass and we were able to find our way back to the truck ... and ultimately me back to my PC to write a review for this terrible product.So ... consider this you warning ... and BUY SOMETHING ELSE !!!
 I bought this thing for about $ 20 plus shipping from Homeland . It has a 12/24 digital display , which is easy to see , it tells yopu what day it is , and that part is easy to read . It has an alarm that has never failed to wake me up , and a light you can press to see what time it is at night.I bought it , however , for a trip to France , as I thought the compass , the light and the alarm would be really useful . The compass , no matter how many times I `` calibrate '' it , by spinning it around clockwise -LRB- it recommends 3x -RRB- is never accurate , not in Miami , not in Paris and not in the Pyrenees , either.The batteries -LRB- it has two -RRB- are not the most common , but are readily available , and I had to replace them after one month . Maybe I used that light too much . The compass ceases to display first -LRB- it never ` works ' -RRB- , then the face gets dimmer and dimmer and goes blank .
 I scanned a host of web sites looking for an economical compass watch . This watch looked great on the web site and I liked the options so I ordered . Well , Oregon Scientific sent the wrong one . We started over . As another reviewer noted , the chrome effect wore off fairly quickly . I was frustrated because the LED was nearly impossible to read without turning my wrist for a ` straight-on ' reading . To my chagrin , while changing the watch band the LED went flat and disappeared altogether . So much for a watch that lasted less than a year . Get a real compass and find another watch .
 My wife bought this watch in Feb 2003 . I liked it at the first sight . However , the alarm kept ringing till the battery was running out . And then I opened te case and changed it . The inside looked pretty bad . Moreover , the alarm does n't work anymore and the casin g is easy to peel off . The last thing I want to mention is that the warranty is only 90 days . -LRB- I guess there will be something wrong in you watch after that time -RRB- . BTW , I came from China . `` Made in China '' does n't tell the product is good or nottell you much . We can make good stuff .
 I received a huger/sensor watch for xmas and no manual.I ca n't even figure out how to set the time.After extensive looking around on the internet , I could not find any information at all . I think Huger/Oregon Scientific/Whoever , Should have that information available to people like myself , THE CONSUMER.Thank You Very Much.Gary Litchfield .
 The leather is very thin , but it looks wonderful and is very soft . Unfortunately the strap is also very small . If you 're among the larger wristed women , this will not fit comfortably as you 'll have to use the very last hole on the strap , if you can fit it on at all . . and you know how that goes -LRB- end of strap always coming out of the restrain , poking you , having to tuck it back in -RRB- . I 'd rename this GUESS Little Women 's Black Quilted Leather Cuff Watch .
 do not buy this may be a geneve watch but they are using an old rolex braclet . its like buying a ferrari with a moped engine . save your money and see my other reviews and buy from an authorized dealer . where you have recourse . you will be very dissapointed with this item
 Beautiful woodwork . Works well , though settings are complicated . One of the winders stopped working after I had the unit a couple of months . The circumference of the timepiece holders are a little large and overly complicated for my watches , so they fit very tightly . A simple pillow would seem to be a better solution .
 The Zurich Time Single Automatic Watch Winder keeps my watch wound but its motor is very noisy . I can not keep it in my bedroom or it keeps me awake . This is not a quiet winder !
 Although listed as a ladies watch , this watch was way too small for my wrist . It was returned for a credit .
 Deluxe Watch Repair Tool Kit for Minor Repairs in Zipper CaseReturned Tool Kit due to strong mildew odor inside case and I could n't get rid of the smell . I was supposed to make an exchange for a Watch Storage Case , which cost 13.00 more and they were going to waive the shipping because of the problem that caused the return . However , that did n't happen and I was disappointed . I must have checked the wrong box on return sheet . Did get credit back on my account , minus the shipping charge which I had paid for the return . Otherwise , I got prompt answers on my e-mail requests and would do business with this Company again . Storage Case is very beautiful and worth the money as far as I am concerned . Will order another one soon . Marjory Lowrie
 the kit looks professinal it would be nice if they would include instructions , i have no idea what each tool is for and how to use them . it is not designed for a homeowner.would not recommend it .
 the jewel screwdrivers blades broke . could not remove the screws that i needed to remove . . would not recomend .
 This product is not worth the money . I used it twice and both times ended up with broken or bent tools . First time I used the tweezers they bent . Following that the pin removal tool 's tip snapped off .
 Quality is poor . I was able to change the hands on a Unitas watch using them , but I can see that I will not be able to use the tools on a long term basis . And ideally there should have been a guide booklet or something that indicates what some of these tools are for .
 extremely poor quality tools . complete waste of money for this price . barely worth $ 10 .
 The kit is a batch of tools that are mostly not defined , with little to no instruction . Most pieces are of junk quality and break after one or two uses if they last that long.Clearly not worth the price .
 The instructions that you do get are wrong . The items I get and the ones listed are totally different . It does n't tell you how to use each of the tools . Some of the tools I 'm still puzzled in what to do with it . The soft head hammer that is used to knock the pin back into bracelet does n't look too soft too me !
 ... which makes the wrench completely useless . I 'll have to buy another wrench elsewhere from a vendor that supplies the bits . Also , the wooden handles have splinters and are extremely cheaply made . Do not buy this product .
 Nice looking watch works well except for the alarm which I never quite got working well despite a lot of help from USA Mall which is a very accomodating retailer .
 Okay , for the price its a good watch . It is sporty and kind of has a rolex-like vibe . However , the picture makes it seem much more impressive than it is . I ordered it , and it looked okay but it felt flimsy and cheap . So I sent it back and got an different ESQ that was perfect on all accounts . Of course , I was buying for someone who is quite particular about watches .
 I was very excited when I saw the watch because my sister is a Barbie freak and I thought this would make a good present . The watch arrived in a timely fashion , but did not work . I contacted Amazon for a replacement which was sent out super fast . The replacement did n't work either . So , I had to return for a refund . Amazon was great to work with ; however , the product did not work .
 I have always been satisfied with my purchases thru amazon , but this time I do n't know what happened . The watch came in a torn box , it did not have any instructions , it was not attached to the package which was obvious that someone had taken it out of the package and last but not least it did not work . The not working part could have been a dead battery , but when I purchased this watch , I expected it to come to me with working batteries . Sorry , but I was very unhappy with this purchase .
 The watch arrived with two scratch on the case -LRB- it was not casual & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ;-RRB- , and a very little hole in steel at 6 o'clock , under the scratches . I ca n`t return the watch because it was send to Peru .
 The watch was very attractive and well priced , but ultimately disappointing because it did not work . Apparently it was shipped with a dead battery which was not checked out in advance . This should not have happened . The watch was returned for a refund .
 The watch is really cute , love the design but it was dead when it arrived ... we 'll see what a new battery does .
 bought one , did not work , returned to Amazon they sent a replacement THAT DID NOT WORK ALSO ! Then amazon said they had a lot of returns on this item because non are in working order , maybe should take them off the website ?
 When I bought this watch , I must say that the shiny look of it got me . However , I did n't realize that the movement -LRB- Philippines movement -RRB- was such low quality . I still wear the watch but I would not buy it again if I ever had to do so .
 I nearly bought a Swiss Army Watch through Amazon but thank goodness checked first with official Swiss Army web site . Swiss Army warranty is only valid when watches are bought from authorized dealers . So Amazon is selling watches with no warranty .
 I orderred an Oakley Detornator 10-183 Carbon Fiber-Red Dial Watch for my son 's birthday . What I got was a worthless refund and no watch . The company sent me a sunglass lens . Priceless !!!!!!!!!! Be very careful when you order from Amazon .
 I bought this watch because I wanted a watch that did n't have a leather strap but still looked cool . And it does . Unfortunately , the clasp on the band is a one size only thing , and it was a little big on me -LRB- and I 'm not a petite person -RRB- . It was n't so bad that it fell off , but enough that I would often have to turn the watch to see the time . Also , after a while , the clasp started getting loose and it would pop open with more frequency . So it looked cool , but I had to worry about it coming apart . I eventually replaced it with something else .
 The watch looked lovely but did not work at all . I presume it was the battery , but not sure . It was returned
 This watch was all wrong for my hubs , it looks way more massive and sturdy than it is . It 's really very light , the band is rather thin and the face small . We returned it .
 The number ring on the bazel fell off after only 3 months . It appears to have been glued on . This watch was to replace a Seiko 's Dives that had provided good service for over 15 years . Not the same quality but paid about the same . Paid more than going internet price . On the plus side , time keeping of the watch was perfect
 im very sad that this item came open but the outside of the box was seal but the box inside was open and the watch was n't package right im very unhappy about this ...
 I bought this watch without having examined this model in person . While the sale price was alluring -LRB- all Perigaum products seem to have a comically unrealistic retail price -RRB- , it quickly became apparent that this was not a watch for everyday use . Stylish , yes , but lacking any luminescence in the dial or hands -LRB- as do most of their products -RRB- , so forget about trying to tell time in the dark . Frequent winding required . The instruction manual , if you can read it at all , is unhelpful at best , especially about using special functions . The font size is so small , a magnifying glass was required to read it . Perhaps it is more straightforward in the original German . In short , a very attractive but largely unuseful watch , even if deeply discounted .
 I purchased the product for my wife and so disapointed with the product . The picture showed a nice watch that could fit into a small lady hand , instead the product is very bulky and very heavy .
 This was a huge watch . The picture does not do it justice.If I weighed about 300 lbs , it may look appropriate on me , but for my above average build , it makes me look tiny even at 5 `` 11 and 185Be careful , itll rip your arm hair out with its extensive weight , although if it was represented with actual size screenshot , it may look discouraging to all buyers
 I would love to sit here and tell you how wonderful this pin remover is , but I never received it . I have contacted the seller and no response from them ! I do not suggest you do business with this seller .
 Despite the delicate scale of this watch the bracelet is sized for a man . I took out the adjustable links and it still fell to the middle of my forearm.I had it for two months , then wore it while washing dishes and it filled with water and the indiglo feature stopped working . What ever happened to Takes a Lickin ' and Keeps on Tickin ' ?
 I got this watch at Wal-Mart as I needed a light , thin , digital watch for wearing on the job site . I thought it had a mineral crystal . I wore it for a year and it did well . Then I had to work under a trailer in the gravel and saw that the crystal had scratched . Upon further examination , the crystal is not mineral . However , the watch is light and relatively thin , though designed for a small wrist , which I have . I gave it a 1 star as I find most people will check out the low scores more than the high to see what the real problems are . I continue to look for and inexpensive 12mm or less digital watch . I have the MTG-900 which is an atomic clock , solar charging , LCD and love it except it is so bulky - 16mm in height .
 When my last Casio 's band broke -LRB- about the 3rd in 6 years -RRB- , I looked at my replacement options . I ordered this one because it looks a bit classier than the standard Casios -LRB- I wear it to an office -RRB- , and the last one I owned was so complicated I gave up trying to set the alarm . In the week that I 've owned this one , two significant annoyances have become apparent
 I really like the style of this watch - it is my personal favorite . I am ordering the third one now because the armband lasts maybe 18 months or so . Keep in mind I wear this thing day and night , under the shower , hiking , camping , swimming etc. . It 's not unexpected for the armband to break , I just wish they made an inexpensive replacement . I looked and found a replacement armband for the same price as a new watch.I do n't like to waste stuff . Getting an armband replaced should be easy and inexpensive .
 I hardly ever give low reviews on products , but this is the single item that I think deserves it.In terms of functionality , this watch is great . I really like the navigation on it , and the two-tone beeps.However , the physical design is terrible . The plastic face rises above the rest of the watch , so if you rub up against something abrasive , it leaves a nice white scratch across the face . I usually replace my watch once every two years or so , and wear it every single day . It does get quite a bit of wear , but usually my watches only start to look terrible after a year and a half or so . This one looked beat up after only about two months . There are about a dozen scratches on the face , and it 's nearly impossible to read the display anymore -LRB- despite my clearing the scratches off with a toothpick , which does work to some extent -RRB- . The cheap paint has almost completely worn away on the two parts of the watch where `` ILLUMINATOR '' and `` WATER 50M RESIST '' are written.I do like the look , if it would have lasted . Maybe if they 'd used higher quality materials more resistant to chipping . I like the squared look . I also like the band , which is very functional , except that it has two permanent white scratches across the top.Also , for some reason , the backlight on this watch only stays on for about one second , hardly enough time to read it . I usually have to push it twice . And I thought `` ILLUMINATOR '' was supposed to leave an afterglow -LRB- I may be wrong -RRB- , which it does n't . Also , the 12/24 hour feature is reached by pushing ONE BUTTON . WHEN am I ever going to use it enough that it should be that easily accessible ? Instead , I 've bumped it probably close to 50 times and had to change it back . And there 's no way to tell which setting it 's on in the AM hours.This watch also features a `` 10-year battery '' which would be nice if the watch did n't already look terrible after two months.Before this watch , I 've owned one Armitron watch and two Timex watches . Though they both had their own flaws , they lasted WAY longer.Please do n't give me any crap about giving this such a low rating , I 'm always sure to leave rational reviews on products , and I believe that the flaws on this watch are enough to cancel out the functionality it provides .
 Have had two . First the strap broke and it was as cheap to buy a new watch as the strap . The second one which was only 6 months old had the plastic break where the screw holds the strap . The watch was not abused . Do n't even have a clue as to what caused the plastic to break since there was no traumatic event that would have caused it . I liked how light and thin the watch is but will not buy another . Will go buy a $ 5 watch somewhere . I had one that lasted me for years . Casio needs to improve its quality with regards to the strap and how it is held on .
 This watch was fine as long as I swam on the surface of the pool . After 20 months I made several trips to the bottom of the deep end - 9 feet - and the slight increase in water pressure caused condensation under the crystal and I had to replace the watch with a 100 meter model . Other than this , the watch performed flawlessly .
 If watch band breaks , almost impossible to replace . Standard straps do not fit . Search Amazon yourself . Unless you can pay to have a watch band shipped from England , do not buy this watch .
 I 'm a big Tommy Bahama fan . I ordered this to replace a stolen sterling silver TB1026 - the brown band version . This is not a sterling silver case or bezel as advertised but a stainless steel version . TB should have changed model numbers when they changed watch materials and sellers need to be more careful . And buyers beware . I returned the watch today .
 I owned a watch identical to this for years until I lost it at the gym last spring . I replaced it in April because I love its features
 I have a Timex watch exactly like this but I wanted one that shows the date of the month because I forget it without seeing it on my computer . So this one seemed perfect . It says it 's `` Easy Reader '' after all . But when I got it and turned it on and tried it on , I could n't read the date for anything . It was so disappointing . I returned it with no return changes and am now looking for another date watch on Amazon . Service has been great ; very understanding .
 The watch runs great , as is normal for TIMEX -- and I love INDIGLO . This watch was an exact replacement . However , I have a larger-than-average wrist , and this watch 's band fits a bit more tightly than my previous watch , which was chosen specifically for the fit of the watch band .
 I ordered this watch about 6 months ago , and last month , I noticed it was waterlogged inside , and the water spots wo n't go away , and it no longer keeps perfect time , and all I do waterwise is shower with it on , which I have been doing most of my life , which is why I always buy water-resistant watches ! I have noticed that I have n't been able to keep a watch over a year in the last few years , but only lasting 5 or 6 months is really a bad reflection on the company . I do n't know if Timex is losing their quality , or if for some reason maybe I just have a watch-rejecting body chemistry now , but in either case , I HAVE to know the time AT ALL TIMES , and I HAVE to get Timexes , cause they have all 3 features I must have-water resistant , Indiglo , and Expansion bands . I do n't know what I got ta do to keep a watch going anymore ! -LRB- just keep replacing them I guess ! -RRB-
 I purchased this watch for my 84 year old mother in law only because it said it was ` an easy reader ' . I read all of the reviews and more were positive saying that their 89 year old mother uses this one . Depending on someone 's vision and gender determines if you can read this watch . It is totally too small of a face for a person with poor vision . The men 's Easy Reader however has a much larger face and is more readable . I went to the store and looked at all the Easy Reader 's after receiving this watch and all of the women 's Easy Reader 's were too small . So what it comes down to is this ... You can buy a woman an Easy Reader and will it will be easy to read , ONLY if you buy her a men 's watch .
 I 've owned this watch for about 2 years . Today the battery finally died . No problem , I thought . The number for the battery is nicely etched on the back cover , easy to find and read.Where the watch fails miserably is in re-attaching the back once you 've replaced the battery . Unless you want to go to a watch store and pay extra $ $ to have it professionally replaced , or have the specialized equipment and knowledge to know how to put the cover back on , chances are you will either break the crystal front or the watch entirely or never get the back cover back on properly . After trying to pressure it back on with my fingers , I went on the internet and found out it was almost impossible to do so in that way on these watches . Some success by others was had with padded clamps . I do n't have those . I will not be replacing this watch with another Timex . I 've always owned Timex -LRB- good price for decent quality -RRB- but this was the last for me .
 I am sure this is a great watch , however , I purchased it because of the expandable band shown in the illustration which it does not have , thus the 2 stars . returning for a refund
 I gave the watch to a friend and after wearing it for a few days the expansion bracelet caused her wrist to break out with a rash . She is unable to use it and I have been trying to return it .
 I bought this watch for my daughter at Christmas . One month later it has had to be reset because of losing time on many occasions , the battery has been changed once and now it 's failed again . The Timex warranty page gives no clue as to how to contact them , except for an address to send the watch for repair , and , of course , it is now too late to return the item . For a $ 30 watch , the cost of sending it for repair is not worth it . The batteries cost $ 15 so I do n't want to get another , and I think this watch is going in the trash.I am disappointed . I bought Timex because of its reputation for reliability , so I feel let down . I also wish that Amazon had a better warranty program for this kind of item , which often does n't manifest problems until the return period has expired and it 's been used for a while . I think that the money they 'd lose by refunding the cost of the item would be more than recouped by increased customer trust .
 THE WRIST BAND AND THE WATCH FRAME HAVE ALREADY LOST THE COATING ON THE STEEL PARTS . THE WATCH ITSELF IS FINE AND I ONLY WANTED IT FOR WORK ... SO I 'M NOT FEELING SO FUSSY ... BUT I DO NOT RECOMMENED THIS ITEM TO ANYONE AND I WOULD NEVER CHOOSE TO BUY ANOTHER LIKE IT .
 Jeezie Peezie , the whole of Amazon , I go searching for a large faced dial watch to give to my mother who has a hard time seeing . What the heck is wrong with product development in watches ? -LRB- Or what the heck is wrong with search on Amazon ? -RRB- I came up with this one , read the reviews , and thought I would give it a try . You can just about ONLY see this face when the light is on . Do n't get me wrong , the light is great , but you should n't have to turn it on to clearly see the numbers . And the supposed date on the watch might as well be a spot of dust . Absolutely useless . Furthermore , the band is too restrictive , and does n't come with extra links . It pinches . I want a band that she can put on herself with one hand . A normal watch band with the tiny clasp is too difficult to put on when you live alone and have a hard time seeing . This is the downside of buying online instead of going to a store and seeing the product . I never would have purchased this in a store . Producing a stylish watch for people with these basic features , that could even be ported to the younger set -LRB- think of not having to take your phone out at a night club -RRB- , should be a no brainer ! I 'd buy four of them in different colors and styles !
 I live in a redsidence with no mail box I only use PO Box . Explaining this to seller it was cool to send package UPS or Express to this physical address but not U.S.P.S. OK response then package sent U.S.P.S. anyway . No package for me wasted $ 30.00 BEWARE of seller .
 I bought this watch for my Mom because she could n't read the face of her other watch . This watch is perfect for her to read , but the band is so small it barely fits around her wrist and she has a VERY SMALL wrist . I need to go buy another band for it so that it fits comfortably on her .
 Watch died on me after 2 years . Changed the battery but it just does n't work . Timex is n't as reliable as it used to be .
 I love Timex watches . This one is comfortable and easy to read . However , the light quit working in less than two months . Very odd . Maybe I will return it . Very disappointed .
 Not a bad throw away watch . Lasted a year then died . Batt changed but watch died .
 Worst watch I have ever bought . I received it yesterday , and it 's in the trash today . As soon as I put it on , the pins holding the links together began falling out . The wrist band was instantly scratched almost as if it has a fake stainless coating . For being a `` Swiss made '' master time piece that is supposed to have had extensive hours devoted to quality and craftsmen ship , the outer time ring did not line up with the numbers , and yes I turned it , and the second hand started at 7 seconds off instead of at 12 when you reset the chronograph . I do n't ever write reviews on products , but I am so disgusted with this POS that I wanted to keep anyone else from wasting their money .
 i bought this watch from justcalculators . it worked fine in the pool , shower . but when i took it diving to 20m , it leaked . and now i ca n't get casio to stand behind it , and fix it for me . although i had it for only 4 months . it sucks . i am upset . wont ever buy one of these again , although this was my third . i am disgusted !!
 the watches looked very cheap . could not gift it to friends .
 i bought a timex big numbers watch at Walmart and it lasted for years . I wore it at work and it got heavy duty exposure . It was super tough for a leather-band women 's watch . I normally wear Baby-G 's but I got tired of the weight of them . I somehow lost my Timex watch and needed a new one . I thought this watch was the same one I had but it is n't . This watch is tiny ! I am not a huge girl but this feels like a child 's watch ... way too delicate . The Amazon photo looked like my old watch but it is definitely much smaller . This watch goes to the thrift store . It 's junky .
 I bought my first copy of this watch a year or so ago and the date function never worked right ; it moved forward every * other * day instead of every day . I returned it for a new one , which was fine for about 7 months before the date on that one broke too . I 'm still using it because it keeps accurate time and I like that it lights up , but having an incorrect date displayed can be a bit confusing .
 I 'm on my second defective watch of this style , having just exchanged the first one . The first watch worked fine for a couple of months , and then the date stopped advancing . Sometimes I could get the date to advance by pulling the stem all the way out and adjusting the time , and sometimes the date would n't budge except when the stem was halfway out . Once reset , the date might advance for a couple of days before stopping again , or it might not advance at all - it was hit or miss . The watch did always keep time , and the Indiglo feature always worked . I exchanged it for a new watch of the same style , and this second watch stops every night at 11:15 . My guess is that this is when the date starts to advance . When I wake up in the morning I can advance the time and the date forward and reset it by pulling the stem all the way out , and then it will tell the time during the day but it will usually stop again the next evening at 11:15 . Once it stopped at 2:30 or somewhere thereabouts , but it usually stops at 11:15 . Again , the Indiglo feature works fine . I like the styling and big numbers , but having a watch that does n't tell time kind of defeats the purpose .
 I have had to replace the band twice and the date function no longer works . I only bought this watch less than 3 months ago . Not a typical Timex product .
 I purchased this watch as a gift for my sister-in-law . The customer reviews I read said it was junk , but I really liked the style of black letters on white face , leather strap - just right for a nurse . True to form it broke in the first month . She had to send it away for repair . Do n't take the chance !
 I hate to give one star , but there 's not much else one can do after a product lasts for about five days . I bought the men 's style of this watch back in January , and I really enjoyed it . It looks very good , and seemed to be sufficiently waterproof , as is claimed . My girlfriend also liked my watch , and needed a new one , so when I went back to the States I bought her one . About four days later , hers got water in the case , and soon thereafter died . Worse yet , my own watch died several days later . So out of two watches of this style , the average lifespan is about four months . I know it has a warranty , but as I am now in Brazil , it would be impossible for me to ship it both ways without paying more than the value of the watch . Sad , as the design is very pleasing on the eyes and I enjoyed mine for the first few months.Christoph Berenotto
 I should have listened when I saw that this got poor reviews , but I thought the watch looked like one I had owned previously without problems so I went ahead and ordered it anyway . I have to say I have been extremely disappointed . Within a week , the top layer on what is supposed to be a leather band had completely peeled off of half the watch . I love the look , but the quality is terrible . Definitely look for something else .
 I bought a Casio watch on October 17 , 2009 . The case broke on June 16 , 2010 . I took it to where I bought it and they said that since it was the casing that broke I had to contact Casio . I contacted Casio and they said to send it to them AT MY EXPENSE and they would let me know if the repair would be covered under the warranty . Well , you guessed it , it was n't covered . Can you believe that ? 9 months and they would n't repair it ! Casio said that they do n't cover the case under warranty . Well , gee , what is a wrist watch without the case ? I will NEVER buy another Casio watch again .
 Ah , Timex ! For decades Timex was my go-to watch brand for travel . When I recently needed to replace my trusty `` Expedition '' , I looked to Timex . Unfortunately my old favorite watch is no longer made , so I ordered this watch . Perhaps the watch would have worked well , but I 'll never know . The strap was so inflexible and uncomfortable that the watch was sent back immediately .
 Good morning , I purchased this item for my daughter believing it was lilac or a light purple color . When I got it it was more silver gray - not really purple at all . I returned it and got another one .
 Indiglo stopped working after 4 months . Sent back to timex , under warranty , and they still charge you $ 8 to fix it . Its been there over 3 weeks and still have not received my watch back . It did not take a licking but still stopped ticking ...
 Dont buy this watch , I purchase this watch and a month later it stood , I take timex reparation center and told me that had an internal piece damaged without any possible reparation , this watch look great but really is plastic in side this watch only has performance in presentation .
 amazon has been in business longer than most other on line retailers . its bad business to list an item for sail that is n't for sale .
 So I bought this watch to travel with , because I can dress it up and dress it down , not worry about water , have an alarm instead of carrying an alarm clock , etc. . Except after I went swimming in the Mediterranean , I immediately noticed water in the case , and a lot of moisture had built up underneath the crystal . It kept appearing whenever the watch would change temperatures for about two weeks , and now I 've noticed that the alarm function has started failing too . I have n't figured out when it rings and stuff , but if I try and set the alarm within 60 minutes , it rings an hour after it 's supposed to , and the 12-hour alarm does n't ring at all.I 'm not sure if it 's just this watch or if it 's all of this model , but i 'm pretty disappointed in Timex for this one . I really like the look of it , but if I ca n't take it for a swim once , even though it 's `` Water Resistant to 100M '' , it 's definitely not worth the $ 70 to me
 I got this watch for Christmas 2011 and was excited because the band was material , not plasctic . Much to my surprise , the band is not 100 % material . Rather is is cloth fibers stuck onto a plastic band . I have had this watch for 1.5 months and only wear it on the weekend and the band is already fraying at the edge . It is scratchy and difficult to put on because not only has the material frayed , so has the plastic that the material is attached to making the edge sharp and causing it to catch on the loop . The watch itself does the job , but I would stay away from this band . Of course the watch has a 1 year warranty , but guess what , the band is not part of the warranty . Looks like I will have to go find a new watch band .
 This is the worst watch I ever bought . I am so disappointed in it . It 's a piece of junk , and I wish I 'd never wasted the money on it . DO NOT INVEST IN THIS PIECE OF GARBAGE!@!!
 Poor quality . Button fell out of mine also and water leeked in . The watch was only week old . Not much of a sport watch . I loved it and was so disappointed . You get what you pay for !
 The watch was great at first . Very easy to operate the stop watch . However , the mode button fell off and then water leaked in and steamed up the face of the watch .
 It was a nice watch and I really liked it when I first got it . I set the time and put it on . The next morning when I woke up I discovered that the `` set '' button had fallen off at some point . Without it you ca n't set the time or the alarm , so I returned it .
 The watch is cute and water resistant but hard to use . I even tried googling the directions but I could n't find good help . I would n't recommend this watch if you are not tech savy .
 I bought this watch based on other positive feedback . I got it and put it on and then I took it right back off . The band of the watch is very scratchy and I am not able to wear it for very long . Bad decision !!!!
 I bought this watch with the cool flip-up top to protect the crystal . Within a week , the cool flip-up top would n't flip up . About a week later , the whole top broke off . Dakota replaced it with another watch which ended up being junkier than this one . Do n't waste your money or time -LRB- haha -RRB- with this company . I will never buy Dakota again .
 The clock 's features have changed , the description and picture on the webpage have n't . Even the box in which the clock is packed still shows the discontinued model . One feature -LRB- the calendar -RRB- has been eliminated , and another feature -LRB- on the one I got , anyway -RRB- does n't even work . Buyer , beware .
 After a lengthy wait for the item to arrive , the seller then admitted it was out of stock and that I would n't be receiving it .
 this watch is very nice , but it seem to be build in a cheap way , today 6 months later since i got it , i droop it and the glass just pop out of watch and broke into pieces , i feel so dissapointed about this product .
 I was really excited about giving my husband this Tag watch for his Christmas gift . That is until I actually got the watch . When I received it , the box was very ragged and worn -LRB- like it had been returned multiple times -RRB- . When I opened the box , the watch itself had impressions in the band where someone had obviously worn it for an extended period of time . Additionally , the sticker on the back of the watch was partially removed and the gum from the sticker was smeared around the back of the watch . By the time I got the watch , it was too late to return it so I could get my husband another gift so needless to say Christmas was ruined . One of the main reasons I purchased this watch from Amazon direct instead of other 3rd party sellers using Amazon 's distribution channel was that I felt more comfortable that the quality of the item would be better with Amazon standing behind it . In this case I was dead wrong !! And to add insult to injury , instead of giving me back the full price , Amazon deducted $ 1.55 from my order for some reason -LRB- allocated Super Saver shipping ? -RRB- . That amount , plus the insurance and postage I had to pay for in order to ship it back to Amazon left me out about $ 25 and left a bad taste in my mouth . Before buying this watch , beware that the watch I returned may be the one that is `` In stock '' . Needless to say , I wo n't be buying high ticket items through Amazon again .
 As the previous reviewer stated , this is a beautiful timepiece . The problem is that the one I purchased was poorly built and Tag Heuer does not stand behind their products.I purchased the watch new from an authorized retailer in June 2005 . Within three months , the bottom button had fallen off . This made it impossible to use the tachymeter/stopwatch function . I took the watch to the retailer and it was shipped to Tag Heuer in New York , where it took them just over nine weeks to replace the button . With shipping both ways , I was without the watch for a little over 10 weeks.I thought all was well , but within a year the bottom button fell off again . The watch was taken back to the retailer and sent back to Tag Heuer in New York . Again it was a little over 10 weeks from the time it was shipped to the time I got it back . I had now owned the watch for about 14 months , but was without it for five months.In July 2007 , 25 months after I purchased it , I took the watch into the retailer I purchased it from to have a link added to the band and to have some of the scratches on the band cleaned up . While they had it , the same button fell off again . Tag Heuer warranties their watches for two years . If the watch had not have been in the possession of the retailer when the button fell off the third time , I would have had to pay to have it fixed . The retailer sent it off to Tag , and again it was gone for 10 weeks.The first two times the button broke , the button was lost . Tag replaced the pin -LRB- I received the old pins back -RRB- and put a new button on . The third time the jeweler had the button , but Tag still replaced it and the pin . I have been without the watch for 7.5 months of the 29 months I have owned it due to the same part having to be replaced three times . When it was sent for the third repair , the retailer tried to get Tag to replace it as a lemon . The warranty had expired less than a month prior , the same part had failed three times , and the watch was repaired by Tag three times in less than 25 months . Tag refused to issue a new , replacement watch and refused to admit the watch was a lemon.My retailer has treated me well . If the button falls off again , they will replace it with any watch of the same value . I can go to a higher priced watch by paying the difference . I 'm not sure which watch I would choose if I need to replace it , but it will not be with another Tag . Omega , Baume & Mercier , Movado , Tissot , Raymond Weil , Rolex , anything but a Tag . Fossil stands behind their $ 50 watches better than Tag does their $ 2,000 watch.If Tag would have admitted there was a problem with my particular watch and replaced it with a new one , they would have had a customer for life . Instead , I will never buy another Tag , and I will make sure my friends and family do n't either.EDIT 05/26/2008 - It has been 10 months since I have had the watch repaired and it has not had anymore problems . The last time Tag fixed it seems to have finally corrected the original defect . I am updating the rating from two to three stars . I will update this review again if I have anymore problems . I hope I do not , as it truly is a beautiful watch.EDIT 10/5/2008 - It has been almost a year and a half since the last repair and the watch has not had anymore issues . Other than some scratching on the band and a few small scratches on the side of the case , it looks as good as the day I bought it . It has survived camping , fishing , hunting , hiking , and swimming in the ocean without any problems since July 2007 . The last repair really seems to have brought the watch up to the build quality and durability I expected from Tag . I am extremely pleased with how the watch has performed over the last 15 months and am bumping the rating up to 4 stars.EDIT 5/22/09 - Guess I spoke too soon . It as been less than two years since the last repair and I am dropping it down to 1 star as of today , 5/22/09 . I went to put the watch on today and two of the hands were detached . They are the second hand -LRB- at 9 o'clock -RRB- and the hour timing hand -LRB- at 6 o'clock -RRB- . I have had the watch for less than 4 years and parts have fallen off 4 times . I am taking it in tonight to get an estimate on the repair . I just want to see if I 'm better off getting it fixed and selling it for cheap , or just selling it broken so that a watchmaker or someone else could pick it up and repair it for themselves . It 's very possible that my particular watch is just a lemon , but Tag says it 's not , so I will assume all Tags are of such poor quality and will never purchase another Tag . I have a 5 + year old $ 50 Fossil that is built better than this $ 2k Tag.EDIT 3/1/11 - I got the watch repaired and left it in a safe . I decided to wear it for a few special occasions and the crown fell off . It 's just sitting on a shelf in my garage collecting dust . I may sell it for a few hundred to someone who can do the repairs themselves . I 'm done with TAG . Just put this edit up on 6/24/11 because I forgot to update the review .
 This watch winder is made of rubbish ; I have had it for 2 weeks now top rotator stopped in one week bottom one lasted 3 more days .
 This item arrived and only one of the winders worked , I 'm still wondering how long the second one 's going to last ...
 I have owned two of these watches , one of which I bought from Amazon . Both of them ended up leaking after a few months ... showing water on the inside of the crystal ... just from swimming laps ... nothing deep . It 's a very pretty watch and runs well , but do n't wear it while swimming .
 Nice looking watch , good price , but it 's hard to see gold hands on a gold dial , too inexpensive to return , will go in the junk drawer .
 The watch I purchased listed above will be returned . It does not keep accurate time . However much I like the watch , I also ordered another Invicta watch that better fits me , but most importantly keeps accurate time . The mens Yellow-faced Invicta watch is always running fast , and the days are spelled in English and another language , but do not correspond with the accurate time nor date.Thank you , Brian Simmons828-320-26026244 Gull Cove Ln NEHickory , NC 28601
 I never received the product and I had to ask for the reimbursement of which I paid .
 If you want this , just go to a 99 cent store or thrift store and buy it from there . The quality will be the same -LRB- cheap and low quality and feels fake -RRB- and keep your $ 100 or so cash you will spend on this . Forget about the Tommy brand . I returned this item and got burned with the 15 % restocking fee and shipping amounting to $ 25 . I could have bought a decent watch for that restocking price somewhere .
 Great-looking watch with fatal flaw . The paint on the buttons started to come-off soon after I stated using -- making top buttons unreadable after awhile .
 The watch is very attractive but has stopped twice since receiving it for x-mas -LRB- it is Jan 14th today -RRB- and has lost time on 2 occasions . Initially , I thought it was a great bargain for a Swiss quality watch - but upon closer inspection it appears the movement is Japanese . So , it appears that I have an expensive Japanese quality watch instead !
 I bought this watch Feb '11 and it stopped working accurately in Jan ' 12 . For a few months before that I had to wind it every night because it would not hold enough ` juice ' to last through the night anymore . Starting in January though it will only keep correct time about half the time that I 'm wearing it . This means that when I look at the watch there 's a 50/50 chance it will be correct . Now though , in May , it 's never right and if I do n't remember to wind it a few times per day it 'll be wrong.This is really not acceptable for a `` swiss '' *** cough *** watch . I did n't buy it from Amazon but instead from an online store and only paid $ 60 . It 's totally not worth the price of shipping it anywhere for repairs.This review gets two stars because I actually got to use it for nearly a year before the time piece started lying to me on a regular basis.It looks really good , and it 's not bulky like other watches I see , so I 'm sad to have to give up this watch ...
 My new Invicta Men 's Pro Diver Collection Automatic Watch # 8928 gains approximately 2 to 3 minutes per week.Will have to send in for warranty repair or replacement.Have paid 1/4 the purchase price of this watch for watches that keep much more accurate time.Robert Jones
 looks great but the winder stem `` Crown '' fell off when I tried to set the time . This was my first effort , and totally unlike the Invicta 8928OB , which sets easily and runs without gaining or losing time .
 I was lucky to purchase Invicta watch # 6020 -LRB- awesome -RRB- & Invicta watch # 8928 . Even though model # 8928 looks cool , it does n't work . I lose 20 minutes to 5 hours a night . FRUSTRATING !! I tried to return it to Amazon but the return process just kept going in circles and guess what ? I 'm stuck with a $ 73 watch + International shipping/handling , tarrifs , etc. for almost $ 100.00 . This watch turned out to be a ripp off since I ca n't return it to Amazon . Maybe if you lived in the Continental USA you 'd be able to return it . I do n't know why this watch does n't work ... it just does n't . I do n't know why I could n't return it , I just could n't . Oh yeah . It also cost me $ 10.00 to adjust the watch band . The watch looks real cool sitting in my winder though . Just do n't wear it.In my opinion this watch is garbage , a dud !
 I had my pro diver 5 months before it died . sent it in to invicta with a $ 28 check `` for shipping '' yeah whatever , seems like a pay as you go warranty to me ... well that was on 1-24-11 its now 5-4-11 still no watch ... they always say `` call back next week '' guess it 's never next week . DO N'T BUY INVICTA !!!
 Beautiful watch . does not run . This is the second one that I have returned . I give up .
 I had this watch for about 5 weeks , hardly wore it as I was keeping it for a nice watch . when I put it on for the third time , I turned out the post to reset the date and the post came off in my hand . I can not set the watch , use the watch or even wear it now since both the time and date are wrong . I requested a warranty service and they said sure . pay to send it here , wait a minimum of 90 days and please include a check or money order for $ 28.00 to send it back ! What a rip-off . I 'm going to save a ferw hundred more and get a REAL swiss watch . Do n't waiste your money on this crap .
 This watch definitely looks fantastic , but it was messed up on arrival . The crown on these types -LRB- I also have the 8926 -RRB- unscrews so you can make adjustments to the time , date , and wind it . As I was unscrewing the crown , the date started changing before it was all the way out . That 's not supposed to happen until the crown is all the way out and pulled out one click . When screwing the crown back in , the watch is still winding as it is going in , and the crown binds and wo n't go in any further . After a few tries , it went in.I do n't know how a watch like this would get out of the door at Invicta . That means nobody even checked the functionality of the watch after it was assembled , or or they did n't care , or they were incompetent . This would n't have been a hard problem to find if it was just checked ! It would only have taken a few seconds . Back it goes.I know it 's hard to expect perfection at this price point , but if they had to charge a little more to have the watch checked before it leaves the factory , I think that would be a good thing .
 I bought this good looking Pro Diver as a present for my son in law who never owned an automatic watch Two months later , the second hand fell off . I complained to Invicta . They told me to send it in for repair . The shipping and handling was almost $ 30 and that did not include the postage it cost me to get the watch to them . They kept the watch for 3 months , claiming that it had to be sent to Switzerland for repair . Nonsense , the watch has a Japanese movement and it would be cheaper to replace the watch then to ship it to Europe . When I got the watch back , my son in law had it for 3 more weeks and the bezel fell off . I had it repaired at a local shop for 10 bucks . This watch cost me more for shipping and repair then I paid for it in the first place . Furthermore , Invicta 's customer relations and repair facilities stink .
 I recently purchased this as a daily beater watch that can be worn to work . I read the reviews and had some concern with the automatic but decided to take my chances . Now I am preparing to box it back up to send back . This morning was the 4th time I had to reset the watch in just two weeks . This is with fairly steady usage . However , if you do n't wear it one day , then it will stop . That defeats any practicality for this watch . Today was the second time where it did n't make it overnight - the kinetic storage for this is just too small.That being said , I like the looks and style , build quality seems fine -LRB- other than the automatic function -RRB- . I am taking the return money and getting the quartz version so I can have a watch that does something radical . . tell you the time when you pick it up off the table .
 The watch looks great and keeps good time but the band is very cheap.As another reviewer said , the metal springs that hold the band to the watch are indeed very cheap and incredibly thin . They bend and break easily -LRB- without impact -RRB- and I have had to replace the piece 5 times on this watch alone -LRB- over a span of two years -RRB- . This appears to be the case with many Seiko watches as my Ti chronograph Seiko has the same problem . My local jeweler has said that I am not his only Seiko customer who buys these metal springs in bulk.The band may separate without warning and if you lose the metal piece that holds the watch to the band , expect to pay half the price of the band to replace it . Maybe this is how Seiko gets their money given the low price of the watch.I 've also had problems with the bezel . After a couple months , it stopped turning freely and would get stuck at certain points . To be honest , I do n't use it often but given the problem with the band , it just adds to the annoyance.After my first Seiko was having problems , I decided to give them another try but the band seems to be an ongoing problem . I have n't had problems with the band for any of my other watches and it is disappointing to see such a functional watch to be paired with such a cheap band.I have another watch for sports and anything rigorous yet this Seiko does n't seem to be able to handle day to day activities . I have to warn you that this watch is NOT robust .
 On Screen this watch seems to look like a great choice . After receiving the watch , I now understand what other people were writing about . The watch `` feels '' cheap . Nevertheless , I decided to keep it because I had faith in Seiko to make a product that lasts . Bad Idea !!! after 9 months , the bezel and all buttons ceased to work . the chronograph is permanently stuck in place . After contacting Seiko -LRB- COSERV -RRB- about my 2 YEAR warranty -LRB- which amazon prominently advertises -RRB- I was told that I would have to send the watch in and they would send me an estimate of cost . In other words , the warranty is good for nothing . Well , lesson learned ... do n't always trust what you read and do n't buy a Seiko !!!
 I purchased this watch 6 months ago . At first glance , it looks fantastic . The functions are great . Here 's the problem , Seiko uses the thinnest and cheapest spring bar on the market . The spring bar is the metal bar that holds the bracelet to the watch case . I learned this from a very reputable jeweler in my area who serviced the watch . In 4 months , I had to replace them 3 times because they would bend and the bracelet would come loose . Because of this very reason , the jeweler I consulted stated that he used to carry them because they looked great and were a good seller , but he got tired of the constant warranty service he had to perform for this very reason . For the money , there are other watches with stronger components and the same features and for possibly less money . I replaced this watch with one from Casio and have been very pleased .
 The watch looked good but I was unable to set the time because I could not pull the stem out without possibly damaging the watch . I would have had to use pliers to pull out the stem . Returned the watch .
 I bought this watch about 2 months ago . I found it very nice from the description and I order it . But when I see it , it was much thicker than I expected from the picture.The second problem -LRB- and the most important -RRB- was the time keeping . It 's loosing aprox 10 min in 2 days !!! This make the watch unusable . Too bad for Timex who has a good reputation on the market .
 The crown -LRB- what you set the time and date with -RRB- fell off the watch within 2 weeks of wearing it.Returned watch for warranty work but will not have it back for at least a month .
 The indiglo feature quit working after 28 days so I sent the watch in to be repaired . That feature was repaired but now the compass feature does not work . Each time I send my watch in it costs me $ 7.00 plus postage of $ 4 + . I will send it in again to get it fixed but I would not buy another one . By the way ... it keeps perfect time.Ken Pettitt
 I bought this watch only to find out it was being shipped from Malaysia not the US . The kicker was that 4 days after this company got my Credit Card information I got a call from my card establishment to tell me someone in MALAYSIA had made a copy of my Mastercard and tried to use it at a local Tesco . Not a phone order mind you , with an almost exact copy of my card that was hand swiped at a Tesco . Needless to say I had to cancel my card and update all of my internet shopping sites etc -- it was a real pain . The watch -LRB- before the c/c theft fiasco happened -RRB- was a big disappointment for something claimed to have originally sold for $ 399 . The second hand is jerky . The layout and dials are poorly designed and hard to read . Not at all how it looks in the photo . I was hoping for a great value - a poor man 's Tag Huer . Not so . Not even the same league . Worth $ 99 not on clearance .
 This was my second and final Seiko timepiece . My first worked excellently for about 8 months and then the band broke . I had it repaired at a local jeweler and within a week it broke again . I had it repaired two more times with two different jewelers , but with the same results . I then purchased this watch thinking that there must have been a defect in the previous product . Four months after buying it , it broke in the exact same way my previous timepiece . I will never be buying another Seiko product and I strongly encourage investment in another brand !
 If you want a HUGE and HEAVY watch for a man or woman , this watch is for you . It dwarfed my wife 's wrist and was too heavy for her to wear comfortably . Definitely for the younger crowd who 's current fashion is big watches . Impractical for daily wear or anyone over 30 .
 The watch says it is a womans but it is bigger than all the men 's watches I have seen .
 I saw this watch online and lovd it ... after I ordered it I then read the reviews . I wish I read them before but I was sooooo excited that I just bought it . When my watch came , which was a xmas present , it was scuffed around the band and it was n't even the same watch . The case was also broken and it did n't even comewith instructons . I was so mad ... amazon should really step in with this seller ... its not fair to us buyeres ... it was all I had for my godchild s present ... and felt stupid having to justify what was wrong with it ... he kept it just the same ... he 's young and did n't care ... BUYER BEWARE ... do n't take that chance like I did and hope for the best ...
 This watch was given to me as a mother 's day present - well actually the first one was , I now have a duplicate . In the original one the red second hand fell off . I sent it to Skagen and they replaced it . The leather bands are proprietary and you can only get them from Skagen - for 40 $ each . None of the metal Skagen bands fit this watch . The battery -LRB- size 321 -RRB- runs out quickly -LRB- less than a year -RRB- . I keep it going for sentimental reasons and because I find it attractive , comfortable and reliable . But a high maintenance watch relationship was not what I had in mind . No one I know who wears Skagen has had this kind of trouble . It seems to be unique to this model !
 I love the look of this watch . It 's simple , the perfect size , and has an extremely low profile face.However , the pin on one of the latches kept falling out , so almost every day before putting it on , I would have to reassemble 3 tiny pieces.I tried taking it to several jewelry stores , but no one will work on a Skagen . It has to be sent back to the manufacturer for any repairs . The warranty only covers the watch itself - not the band or clasp.Ultimately , after wearing it perhaps 20 different times , the band busted right where it attaches to the watch face.I called Skagen , and since the band is n't covered by warranty , I could ship it to them and pay approx $ 35 to have it fixed.I 'm pretty bummed . I do n't know if this particular seller has second-rate skagen watches , or what , but my experience was terrible .
 I loved this watch when I first recieved it but I have quite a collection and do n't wear any one watch often . Bought this one in July 2012 , it is now January 2013 and I 've only worn it 3 times . On the 3rd wearing the band came loose from the face and at this point I can only get a partial refund . NOT COOL !! I have one other Skagen that I purchased at the same time -LRB- a browm dial -RRB- and now I 'm almost afraid to wear that one . Like this one , it is thin and nice to look at . I will not even consider another Skagen in the future . Looks and feels like quality , but NOT !
 I had one of these a while back . It was thin , it was light . It was n't too expensive . After a year several hour marks fell off and rattled around behind the glass . It did n't keep time all that well either . Pretty ghastly performance .
 This is a very nice-looking watch and was a replacement for the first watch I purchased from another company about two years ago . On that first purchase of the identical watch , the glass cracked and the band broke after having for only a year and a half . The calendar date is too small to read but the appearance of the watch makes up for this . The price is very good but just be careful wearing every day .
 This watch was selling for $ 110 at Macy 's and when I saw the price on Amazon for around $ 60 I could n't believe it . I ordered it and of course when it arrived it was n't working . I called the company and the gal said to replace the battery and fax the receipt for reimbursement . That went well and my husband was very happy . However , 3 weeks later the watch was n't working so I returned it for a refund . Never again .
 This watch really deserves 5 stars , but for what it is supposed to do it doesnt , that is keep time , i have bought for myself and my family in total five skagen watches , mainly for the looks , but is dissapointed at the functionality , i wanted a beautiful everyday watch , plus , dont bother about the date function , you may be able to see the date in the picture , but really its close to impossible to read in real life . too small.my watch kept stopping , thought it was the batterey , changed it but still no change , i will be sending it back , will let you know what service i get , if negative or possitive will let you know , as for the rest of my skagen watches , i have not really tested them as this one as i wear them for a day or so and put it away.but i still say if you are looking for a really gentlemanly classy quality look watch that will not break the bank this is it . any skagen watch.i live in the Uk , and bought mine from the states .
 I bought this watch thinking it would be great quality because it 's a skagen . Wrong !! Within months the hour markers started falling off and getting in the way of the time mechanism . That took care of the watch . It stopped working and when I contacted Skagen they said that if it ever fell the warranty would be voided . Even the cheapest Walmart watches do n't have things falling off from falling . Very disappointed ! I wasted my money . I replaced it with the medana watch for about $ 13 and so far so good . NO PROBLEMS with that one !!
 my boyfriend did n't like the appearance of the watch . he prefers a different style watch . he will choose his own watch
 The price was good and the delivery was nice and fast but the dealer failed to send the watch booklet and warranty . As this watch is a supposedly a new watch it should have an appropriate booklet for the particular model . This will be the last time I use this dealer because they are careless and unprofessional . I would still like the booklet if you can get it for me . Thanks , siyatasha
 While the watch is attractive and comfortable . The clasp is as bad as other reviewers indicated . We 've been tempted to lose the ability to adjust the band and glue the clasp in place . The clasp opens and falls off frequently , luckily I have n't lost it yet .
 I gave this to my wife for her birthday and even with very careful use the crystal cracked after only a few months . Big disappointment and of course it is n't covered under warrantee .
 Bought one of these for my wife . Crystal cracked within one week . Crystal is not covered by warranty . She liked the style a lot , so I bought a replacement for about $ 10 more than a replacement crystal would have cost . Crystal was scratched within 2 weeks .
 Very good looking watch , but does n't work - the pin had a little piece of plastic on it , so that the battery is not discharged , but when I took out the plastic and started the watch , it works like it has a flat battery . useless . Now I will have to go to a watch place , find a parking space , pay another $ 10 -LRB- on a watch that cost over $ 50 -RRB- to get a new battery put in the thing . Ca n't even send it back , because guess what , it looked so good , I threw away the packaging , thinking this was going to be a great watch . So not really impressed to say the least .
 The closing `` snap '' on the watch strap is so poorly designed as to be unworkable.You are not sure if it has closed securely or if the snap will open and you may losethe watch . The watch itself is fine .
 The clasp does n't close tightly , and I 'm concerned that the watch will not stay on my wrist through daily activity . Because my wrist is small , I have to move the clasp to tighten it , then the strap under my wrist is very long . I do n't care for the functionality of the strap design , even though it 's pretty . Returning it .
 I decided to purchase for a christmas gift . It look nice and was happy with selection . My girl had for about a month and wore it about five times . The band broke . Made me look like a jerk . Will spend rest of year making it up !
 Loved the watch , although it was larger than what i previously owned . The strap continued to spring open on its own and i could n't find a local jeweler who could fix it . I sent it back after 2 frustrating weeks .
 I was very disappointed in this watch purchase . When I tried to reset the time -LRB- which was not correct -RRB- , the `` winding wheel '' would not work . I promptly returned it as it was defective when it was shipped to me . ZoeZ
 I was a little disappointed with this watch . I already owned one of these watches and loved it -- but this one is hard to read . The second hand is too long and makes it hard to tell the correct time
 I have 4 Skagen slimline watches . They are my favorite and thought this would be the same . The face is much smaller and it is not a slim as I had expected . I found what I was looking for at the mall , but paid 3 times as much .
 After some days to have the watch , I noticed , it was a delay in the time , then I adjust it , But it was continuing doing it . I thought it maybe be the batteries and I when to the repair store and they told me the batteries were good that the problem was the machine . I could n't return the watch because I was out of the United States , I throw away the watch like my money .
 The quality of this watch is very poor . I purchased the same watch a couple of years ago and was very pleased with it . I do n't know why the quality has become so poor .
 this watch is a piece of **** you ca n't adjust the bracelet and the buttons on either side of the stem are for looks only i guess . the dial does n't dial and the three small dials on the face are just for decoration too i guess . you 'd think atleast one of the buttons would be a light but then you 'd just be able to see what a piece of **** it is in the dark . this watch isnt worth what it took to ship it . so there goes a 25.00 dollar gift certificate down the drain . my advice , dont buy it !
 I love all kinds of watches and computers . I even have Pocket PC and Palm OS handhelds . I even like all of them . Because I like programming and I love to use all kinds of gadgets , it is hard to dissapoint me with any technology . But this equipment is a waste of time . Not money , because it is cheap.First and most significant hassle : You have to charge it frequently -LRB- every 3-4 days -RRB- . If you forget , it erases all its memory . Yes , I lost all of the information I transferred when I let it stand on my desk for some days . Including the games . Because of this , carry its cable and if no computer , carry charger too.Second hassle : It is so big on your wrist , everyone realizes it and askes questions.Third hassle : Screen is not very sensitive with the little stylus.Fourth hassle : The side buttons and their use is not efficient.Fifth hassle : You have to download editional programs ; it does not have even one game on it ready.Sixth hassle : Do not use its back-light or you have charge it every day.Conclusion : A very nice looking and big watch -LRB- it has different watch looks -RRB- which needs to be charged all the time . If you like Palm OS and little gadgets and know that you will not use this watch after a very short time , than buy it .
 I admit , a PDA watch sounds like a swell idea . Unfortunately , Fossil Abacus is a terrific example of how a great idea fails spectacularly after been turned into a reality . First let 's talk about practicality of this atrocity of a watch as a PDA . Because of the limited UI , reading and inputting data are both arduous tasks . The tiny stylus is literally smaller than a matchstick . Unless you have delicate fingers of a harpist , doing graffiti with the a microscopic stylus is probably as fun as getting a prostate exam . And because it is a watch , say you want to jog down a quick note while talking on the phone , you will need to hold out the hand wearing the watch , and using the other hand to input the data . That leaves ... wait ... that leaves no more hand to hold the bloody phone . In short , getting data into and out of the unit is much , much more inconvenient than using a real PDA , or even something less high tech , like a little note book . And forget about using all the fine and dandy Palm software out there . Because of the UI limitation , and the stripped down Palm OS , no regular ware will run on this thing . So using this gadget as a PDA ai n't much fun . Fine , it 's still not a bad price for just a plain watch . Using it as a watch is fine and dandy , but there 's a couple of things to keep in mind . Because of the micro-processor running in the watch , you need to charge the darn thing on a nightly basis . I would say that 's a slight inconvenience compared to normal watches . Another big consideration is fashion . Notice no actual dimensions are given for the watch . That is because this thing maybe too small as a PDA , but as a watch , it is ridiculously big . Nothing screams `` I 'm the biggest dork in the county ! '' than having a watch the size of a Rubik 's cube . NOTHING goes well with this watch , except maybe a pocket protector . Maybe you have large and mighty forearms . If that 's case , there is a chance you will somewhat normal with this thing on your wrist . But recall my previous comment about the necessity to have delicate fingers to operate the microscopic stylus ...
 I bought this watch for $ 30 from Amazon . It was trouble all along with this watch.Never compare this with a real PDA . I never took the pain of entering data into this watch . The provided program CD is also not very good.After 2 weeks the Time got stuck . I have never seen a digital watch freezing . It was like Windows hanging on you.Returned it to Amazon and thankfully got a full refund from Amazon ...
 I liked this watch , until I got rained on and found out it is not even water resistant . If my son 's $ 5 watch is water proof up to 30 meters , certainly Fossil could have made this watch water resistant for an additional $ 5 . They argue that you should treat it like any other PDA - but it 's a watch , too , and people do n't usually take off their watches when it rains . Many people do n't even take them off when they shower ...
 I purchased this item and for the first week to 10 days it operated just fine . Now 2 weeks later , it keeps resetting and/or just dumping the information . The battery life , which used to last all day , nows runs out by 5:00 pm.I 'm very disappointed . If it worked , it would be a great item .
 This looks like a cool device for a real cheap price , however ths usability is hampered by horrible battery life and a very limited set of features . The battery does not last more then 15 hours eeven if you do not use the wristwatch as a PDS , which causes the watch to shutdown almost everyday before you can recharge it.There are not many features other then the most basic ones , as a result this is just a cool toy to play and nothing more then that.My 2 cents , do not buy it if you want to use it .
 It is a nice watch but the stem is so small that it can not be pulled out , I will be returning mine .
 I bought this as the first watch for my son . Unfortunately , it came dead on arrival and we just stuck it in a drawer . He was very disappointed.Don ' t waster our time .
 I ordered a watch from him on 12/17/09 and then contacted him on the 19th asking if he had any idea when it would be shipped . He said Monday 12/21/09 , due to snow , but assured me it would be shipped out `` Monday , first thing . '' Well I just recieved an email from Amazon stating that the item was shipped today 12/23/09 . obviously it is not going to make it for Christmas , which is fine if he had emailed me . To make matters worse the item in question was eligible for free shipping and I opted to pay , to ensure it 's timely arrival ... I guess that means I really got took !
 they claim that it is worth $ 350 . I paid $ 49 on a gold box deal and I still think I paid too much . The chronograph does not line up at zero . It is `` water resistant '' which they define as resistant to a few rain drops only -- you can not even take it into a shower . It looks like a $ 50 watch and I would certainly not recommend paying anymore than that for it .
 This appears to be a very nice watch , however after a few days I noticed the outer rim -LRB- where the numbers appear -RRB- of the face moves . It appears to be loose.Right now the 12 is in the 7 position .
 I have a far better deal for you . For $ 200,000.00 I 'll personally follow you around and tell you the time whenever you ask . I 'm very accurate and never need winding . Put me on your yacht , take me skiing , or place me in your villa in the South of Spain . You 'll never even know I 'm there.For an additional $ 75,000 I also do temperature and humidity .
 Thomas R. Boward is correct ! We ordered him as a mothers day gift last year and boy is he accurate . He 's especially great at the beach . He 's waterproof to 100 ft and easily protected by 30spf sunscreen.The european royalty laugh often at his `` joke of the day '' and his driving is not bad either.An extra option not listed is for another 15k he even does windows .
 I wish there was a ZERO stars rating . I got one . It sucks !!! It keeps horrible time.OK , at first I thought WOW , I just spent my kids education money on something REALLY COOL ... then buyers remorse set in . Oh man . I am now attending AMA meetings -LRB- Amazon Anonymous -RRB- - I have such guilt and emense pain . Maybe I can sell this on E-bay for a profit ... I am depressed .
 reviewing the item -LRB- since I am seriously thinking of spending $ 225,000 on the web -RRB- I could n't help asking myself a question . Why the discount ? Are the 240.000 $ going to put off someone from buing this diamond mine ? Is he or she going to make up there mind is a 6 % discount is offered to them?I do n't know who is the marketing manager in Authentic Watches but I think he should reconsider his pricing policy ... By the way do they own this watch in Authentic Watches ? Because if they do n't sell it soon , it 's going to get them out of bussiness ...
 There are people people in the world that dont have anything to eat , and then there is people the spend about a quarter million dollars on a watch .
 You know what , i would give this item one star * because it has no parrallel in human history . That is why it should be categorized as one star . One more thing is that this watch is called a watch because after you buy it , you have to watch it over all the time lest something bad happens to it and you lose all your money . Once you buy it , you will stop counting on time and will let it count for you . Every time you go out , people will start looking , staring and gazing at you and then you say , WATCH , STOP WATCH!Last week , I gifted my girl friend one of these to make sure that she will not tell people i failed her on bed.Bedaaaaaaaaaaaan !
 i got this watch from my former second husband kevin -- well , actually , i had to pay but we made it look kind of like he got it for me since people have been so MEAN about saying he 's a golddigger for marrying me -- he has TALENT , PEOPLE , at least i thought he did until he started going on tour and people threw their beer at him on stage - but anyways i liked this watch he got me but PEOPLE BE WARNED because it is NOT SAFE . I gave it to my baby to play with and he actually started CHOKING on a diamond that came off , y' all . at first i thought maybe kevin had pried it loose to try to sell it but then kevin said he loved me TOO MUCH to do something like that and it was the GLUE GIVING WAY . if you are going to spend this much money on a watch you would expect at least they would use SUPER GLUE , right people ????? anyways , y' all , my baby is STILL choking to this very day and I say never again will i buy one of these watches .
 I bought this watch and sent it to Africa . I figured , hey , since it 's worth $ 225,000 , that 's like sending $ 225,000 to Africa , right ? Well , the watch sucks . Not one African child could eat it , nor did it repel the malaria-carrying mosquitoes , even WITH the alarm on . Damnit . Why ca n't they make a watch that will make a difference in the world?How long will people continue to purchase ridiculously unnecessarily overpriced material goods as a way of buying self-esteem and power ? When will people who have $ 225,000 to spend to help themselves tell the time of day , instead choose to put that money where it will do something of actual value in the world ? -LRB- Takes out guitar -RRB- The answer , my friend , is blowing in the wind . The answer is blowing in the wind ...
 I bought this watch with my tax refunds last year ; figured I might splurge a bit . But of course , upon closer inspection , where IV -LRB- 4 -RRB- should be , there is a IIII !!! A IIII !!! Alas , I had not known that when you take a watch out of a factory it loses half it 's retail value . That plus the spelling error rendered it worthless at $ 95,892.64 .
 I sold my soul to Mephistopheles -LRB- aka SATAN ! -RRB- and all I got was this stupid watch . Talk about getting burned . Go to hell Cartier !
 This is a nice watch with upside-down Roman numerals . I was just wondering what language the 4 -LRB- IIII ? -RRB- is ? Did n't I see this same guy selling Rolex 's on the street the other day ?
 I do n't mind a watch that uses Roman numerals , even if it seems kinda pretentious . But this is the kind where the numerals are arranged always facing out from the center . Which means that where you expect to see a VI , you see an I ^ . So when I look down and see I ^ , I have to try to figure out what that means , and by the time I realize it means VI , it is no longer VI . Or I start contorting myself so the numerals are face up and easier to understand but sometimes I pull something and it hurts . Some watches are arranged so the digits are mostly always facing straight up and they 're much less confusing . Also , there is no volume discount . I mean , it 's not like you 're going to wear the same Cartier watch to work -LRB- where it might get ink and ketchup on it -RRB- and then out to the opera . But unlike , say , light bulbs , you ca n't by a duplex pack . Rip-off , if you ask me .
 I like the style of this watch , but the face always has so much glare from the light that it 's impossible to read .
 I purchased this watch twice . Once from Target about 4 years ago , and once from Amazon in 2010 . The watch purchased from Amazon broke last month . I purchased it , because I liked the look of it , the price was less than $ 27 , and with it being a Timex watch , I was sure it would last for years , even though the first one did not . I thought that I 'd probably gotten the first watch caught on something , and that 's what caused it to break . The beads in the band broke apart , after I 'd had it for a little over a year . However , the same thing happened with the one I purchased from Amazon . I think this is due to a design flaw . I suspect that the tensile strength of the beads in the band is poor , and gives out after a while . If you 're in the market for a watch , I would skip buying this one , unless you change watches every year or so . Below are my likes/dislikes about the watch.Pros : - Nice looking.-Kept good time . Never had to replace battery.-Crystal never got scratched.-Affordable price.Cons : - Band broke , despite fact that I was very careful to make sure it was never scratched , worn too tightly , etc. .
 I bought this watch for my wife . I came with a dead battery . Then the metal bracelet broke within a month and I have not been able to find a replacement bracelet on the web . The same bracelet problem is reported by another costumer on the Timex.com website.Would not recommend spending money on this watch .
 AFTER 6-MONTHS OF USE , THIS WAN NA BE G-SHOCK BROKE DOWN . TOOK IT TO A CERTIFIED G-SHOCK REPAIR CENTER , AND FOUND OUT THE WHOLE MODULE BURN OUT . IT 'S AN OLD MODEL FROM 2001 . AMAZON SHOULD CHECK THEIR SUPPLY BETTER AND ADVERSTISE THE YEAR MODEL ON THEIR PRODUCTS . WE PAY FULL PRICE FOR OUTDATED WORN OUT EQUIPMENT THAT YOU END UP PAYING MORE LATER THAN IF WE WERE TO GO STRAIGHT TO THE MANUFACTURER AND PAY THE FULL PRICE ANYWAY FOR A LEGITIMATE LATEST MODELS . VERY DISSAPPOINTED WITH AMAZON . I 'VE BEEN A FAN OF G-SHOCKS FOR THE PAST 25-YRS AND THIS IS THE FIRST TIME I GO AND BUY A G-SHOCK FROM A NON-CASIO LOCATION AND GOT BURNED !
 Got the watch and as one other person reviewed can not set the day or the date . Seems to be a pattern not an remote glich . I would have thought better of an Accutron with a 7750 movement . Returned it .
 I was a little disappointed when this watch arrived . It is the size and heft of a man 's watch !! I 'm used to Anne Klein watches being very feminine , not masculine . I also had a problem with the clasp just spontaneously opening ... A LOT ! Finally , a link simply fell out of the band one day , and I decided to send it for the repairs , under warranty . The watch was returned very quickly , but the clasp still came undone with little or no provocation . I sent it back again , and this time the clasp stays fastened about 80 % of the time . It is a striking watch , but too big and not worth the hassle .
 I have had this watch for a little over two years . Visually , it 's a sharp-looking watch , but in terms of reliability , I 've found it very frustrating . Twice , I 've had the flyback second hand jam . The first time , it was just a couple of weeks after I bought the watch , and the jeweler replaced the watch . The second time was about two months ago . The watch is still under warranty , so I sent it back to Accutron . It came back in even worse shape than when I sent it in ! The jeweler has sent it back again , and Accutron is supposedly going to rush it , but I expect a chronograph this expensive to work much more reliably than this one has . It 's interesting . Just a few years ago , Accutron had a 25-year warrantly on its watches . By the time I bought this watch , the warrantly was down to 5 years , and more recently , Accutron has reduced the length of its warranty to the industry standard of two years . Does this suggest that the company either knows its watches have reliability problems or is deliberately not making them as well as it used to ? Either way , it 's a real disappointment for a brand that used to be known as one of the most reliable on the market .
 I bought this watch for my wife 2 years ago because it is a very beautiful watch . After one year of normal everyday use , it developed a water leak . We took it to the repair shop in Queens , NY , and after 4 weeks in the shop , we finally got it back . Three weeks later , the water leak was back and the only exposure to water this watch got was regular handwashing -LRB- not like we were scuba diving 200 ft below surface !!! -RRB- . We took it back , they were unable to fix it , so they gave us a completely new watch -LRB- same one -RRB- which took another 3 weeks to get in -LRB- a 7 week ordeal -RRB- . One year later , 6 weeks ago , the watch went dead . Figuring it was just the battery , we replaced it . It worked for about three days and went dead again . It is back at the shop . They rushed the job this time , and got it back to us in one week . It worked fine for 3 weeks and went DEAD AGAIN . So , it is back at the repair shop , AGAIN !!! Plus when the watch was purchased , it came with a 25 year warranty , Bulova tried to screw us and told us that six months AFTER purchase , their warranties were shortened to 5 years , and I was now covered for only 5 instead of the promised 25 . NEVER buying bulova again . It has spent more time at the repair shop -LRB- which by the way ... their customer care service stinks -RRB- than on my wife 's wrist
 Ordered 2 Philip Persio watches . The first broke within a week -LRB- the analog part of the watch would randomly stop and go -RRB- . The second watch -LRB- the one described above -RRB- broke within 2 days-the second hand fell off inside the watch and jammed up the other hands.I would recommend against this watch and this brand . This is funny enough to be featured on a sitcom about broken watches .
 When the watch arrived I thought I recieved the female version or something . The watch is super small . Between the size of a nickel and a quarter . It looked terrible for a man 's watch . Think of your grandmaw 's little watch you can barely see and that is the size of the watch . The watch itself if just a little bigger would have been great as it is a good looking watchg but I just couldnt get over the size of the watch.the delivery and arrival was perfect though . Although it has been exactly 1 month and I still haev not recieved my credit for the watch .
 This is a very nice watch . However , it is not for a man unless he is 2 feet tall and wears his hair in a blue/pink bun . It is the size of an old grandmother 's watch . Very dainty and pretty on the wrist , just not for a man .
 Judge me with this watch because the picture was not very good , the chain of the watch makes a lot of noise and is not quality , but the color and the area are great , and apparently came out of inventory and no return , I recommend you see Pulsar 's watches , are of better quality .
 I purchased this watch for my son for Christmas . The wrist band was too large , and unlike his prior Fossil watch , very difficult to adjust . He ended up having to pay $ 15 to a jeweler to adjust it . Shortly afterwards one of the hour or minute markers fell off .
 I LOVE this watch ... unfortunately , I sent it in for a warranty repair -LRB- condensation accumulated within the lens -RRB- . It took about three months to get the watch back . They do stand behind their product , but it takes a LONG time to get it back . I have gone diving with this watch atleast 15 times and it keeps very accurate time . The mother-of-pearl face is really stunning.This is the 1st watch I 've owned that I can honestly say I LOVE .
 The expensive watch I bought as a gift for my boyfriend , after two weeks of him wearing it - it completely fell apart , do not buy this watch
 It ALSO fell apart within a few weeks and I havent been able to order a replacement part from the company ! Would NEVER recommend this watch to anyone !!
 I bought this product in March 2009 . It was accurate and stayed put on my clothes . The problem came when the battery ran out in October 2009 . The instructions for opening the case do n't work . After much effort , I succeeded in getting the case open ... and simultaneously broke the clip off .
 First of all this is a cheaper -LRB- somewhere around $ 12 -RRB- than the one pictured . The one shipped to me was a Timex , blue plastic from Pro Sport Watches.As a matter of fact , the belt clip -LRB- cheap plastic -RRB- broke off yesterday . Is there any way I can get reimbursed ?
 When this watch arrived I was very excited . It is big , heavy and seemed very well constructed . I was not put off by the Myota movement , but within the first week I lost several minutes . Next , the face was scratched and apparently it is not mineral so it is not scratch resistant . I would have expected more for the price I paid . I still wear it but I feel it is basically ruined because of the scratch . Would not recommend .
 This is one of my first reviews for any product . I guess , as the saying goes that bad news gets reported more often than good news . I like the look and weight of this watch and even the band is top notch . However , I received my watch with the little `` Invicta '' sign on the face of the watch broken . I guess that it became lose during shipping and it just floats inside of the face of the watch . It prevents the hour , minute , and second hands from turning . I do not believe that the watch was used since it looks brand new . Also , I do not blame Amazon in anyway for this and I am glad that they are indeed allowing me to return it . I have ordered many items from Amazon and 3 other watchs from them and I am very happy with both their service and prices.In short , I do not know if this was just one bad watch from Invicta but it scared me off the brand and their quailty control . I do not think that I will be buying another watch from said brand until they get their quailty up .
 I deleted my other review of the watch . The reason is , my watch has gone dead after wearing it six times casually . I was very skeptical of Invicta to start with . Especially with it 's horror show customer service . Spend a few extra bucks , get a Seiko , Citizen , etc. . I bought one other Invicta about eight years ago , it turned out to be junk too . Took a chance and lost . Think I will wear my Seiko Monster today , it 's a quality watch , not Chinese junk posing as a Swiss watch .
 We returned the watch . Although we loved the color scheme , the face was way too big even for a man .
 This watch looks cheap , feels cheep . The main steam feels like it is going to fall off . The gold looks cheep , the hands are made out of stamped thin sheet metal . I have an other Invicta watch that I like , this one looks like I bought it out of the back of a van . They do not even compare . I was very disappointed and have sent the watch back .
 THIS IS A FAKE WATCH . MADE IN JAPAN . I WANT MY MONEY BACK . THE MATERIALS ARE CHEAP AND THE WATCH IS POORLY MADE . I BOUGHT IT AS A GIFT AND NOW THAT I 'VE GIVEN THE GIFT , WE REALIZED IT IS FAKE . . NOT INVICTA AT ALL .
 Why the hell are any left-handed people wearing their watches on their left arms?I 've always worn mine on my right arm . Watches are cumbersome on the wrist of the main hand . They 're worn on the left arm by convention , because most of the population is right-handed . Why would I want to wear a watch on my main arm ? So I can drag it across the page I 'm writing ? So I can be unable to check the time while doing anything?So , nice idea but an even better one is to wake up and not be a fashion slave . Move your ` normal ' watch to your off arm.Added bonus
 First of all , the face is not as deep a color as it looks on Amazon , it is more of a bright purple color . Second , mine arrived with the word `` nvicta '' on the dial , apparently somebody forgot to glue the `` I '' on ! And third , the date magnifier looks like a piece of plastic that is glued to the glass . Definitely not worth the money .
 I had to have the watch repaired within one week of ownership after the band broke , month two and the watch band has broken again . It looks great ... but is poor quality .
 This is a nice looking watch and substantial in weight and features . However I have been unhappy with its reliability and it is not water resistant . I took it swimming in 4 feet of water and it leaked badly . Even before that the timer did n't consistently reset back to the starting point . Very disappointing for a `` quality '' brand like Acutron .
 Lets face it , we buy a watch to tell the time ! This watch has had so many returns it was actually replaced under their `` fixed 3 times within a year '' it gets replaced policy . In other words , it has spent more time in the mail and on their work bench than on my wrist . I do not abuse it or subject it to extreme envirorments unless the shower or dresser top is extreme . Will not buy another watch by this manufacturer again period .
 THis watch is sweet first of all , but ... after about a year the band needed replacing . No problem I thought . Well not very easy to find . The replacement band was about 40 bucks and had to be ordered through Chase Durer . Then the battery started going dead ... also no problem I thought but Chase D says that you ca n't replace it yourself it must be done through them - that would have been another 50 bucks ... but I did it myself anyway and somehow the dials got a bit off-centered and figured that it probably cost even more cash to get that fixed . So all in all I spent 250 on the watch and found that maintaining the watch for my lifetime would probably triple the money already spent - no thanks . Great watch but high maintenence .
 This watch was sell by Amazon by $ 209.00 two months ago.They increase the price only because you are buying it!There are a better options at lower price.Dont ' t buy it until the sell it at real prices !
 This watch is too large for a woman 's wrist . The clasp was completely impossible to deal with . I returned it .
 The watch does not handle moisture very well at all . The face holds condensation for weeks before it evaporates . The wand is hard to use . It 's hard to change the date and/or time . It gets stuck and falls out when you try to pull it out .
 My husband kept asking me if the watch seemed too slender for him . . funny how this was labelled as a MEN 'S watch a few months ago . Not only am I surprised to see it now listed as a woman 's watch , I 'll be returning it and I wo n't buy watches from Amazon any more . As for this being a woman 's watch , while it was a bit slender on my husband 's wrist , I ca n't imagine the woman who could wear this watch well . It is too big and gaudy for any woman I know . The face is beautiful for either gender , but it needs to be wider or more slender . I feel duped .
 I ordered a guys watch and they sent me a girls watch and then took forever to refund my account when I sent it back
 I received the watch quickly and in good shape . It is big for a woman but it 's ok . Like the other reviewer said the battery was dead . I had to replace it for $ 10 or mail it back to the company for about the same . It is also impossible to open . The Jeweler I used is an authorized Invicta dealer . It took him 10 minutes to unlock the band . He said the brand has varying levels of quality . This explaind why some are $ 130 and some are $ 1300 . If I had to do it over again I honestly would n't .
 After getting a non-working watch and wanting to write a review , I discovered other reviews indicating this is a common problem . So I went to my local store to get another battery , which usually costs around $ 5 , only to find out the battery for this watch is different and costs $ 20 ! You 'll be spending more for the watch than you planned . Also , the band is so huge that I could slip it on and off without unlatching it . I had to have 4 links removed to fit my average size wrist . While this is an attractive watch , I 'm not confident in Invicta since this is the second defective Invicta watch I received , the other was a chronograph and the stop watch function did n't work so I ordered this one , a second dud .
 I 've owned a few `` iterations '' of this watch . There was a plastic version -LRB- 2 -RRB- , then come the metal versions -LRB- 1 gunmetal and 2 silver -RRB- with the different color lights on the face . In total I 've owned 5 of these watches . Like the other posters I fell in love with the functionality , dual time zone support , how it looked , and the 11-year warranty so how could I go wrong.Since I 'm a big guy the watch fit with no adjustment and it looked good on my wrist . I got a lot of compliments on the watch wherever I went . People would often stop and ask where I got it how much it cost etc. . When they come out with the thinner and smaller women 's version I would point women who asked in that direction . -LSB- ... -RSB- The ScratchThe first problem was the glass as mentioned before it is plastic and did scratch easily . Had the watch had some scratch proof face it would have eliminated a lot of my frustration with the product and put it on par with other watches . My guess is that was done to cut costs . When I had the plastic version it bothered me but I felt hey it 's plastic . When the metal series come out I got a little more annoyed with the scratches . Since then Fossil has redesigned the watch so it has a recessed face and the plastic that juts out acts like a bumper for the plastic version . Fossil has also been pulling the watch from their sire so it 's getting harder to get these.The WarrantyYes it has and 11 year warranty but in order to get the glass fixed if it 's scratched up you have to pay 25 $ because that is not covered under warranty . Now let say they do n't have you style of watch or in this case no longer have parts to repair your watch . Fossil then gives you a credit to get another watch . Since I liked the watch I kept paying 25 $ to get the glass and battery changed . I liked the gunmetal one and now it 's gone replaced by a `` silver '' version.The WorkmanshipThis watch is for display only it 's bulky and if you want to wear it for an evening out you need to look elsewhere . It 's a causal watch if it were thinner it would be nice for formal functions . Fit under you cuff . I just got a replacement for my gunmetal because the scratches kept eating away at the paint so it looked beaten . I had the same scratches on the silver but they are not as noticeable . I 'm sure the gold versions would suffer from the same problem . On either side of the display there are two glued on covers over the four buttons used to adjust the watch functions . How do I know they are glued , one day they fell off .
 I ordered this watch online from Amazon and it arrived in record time -LRB- 2 days -RRB- with standard shipping . I was really impressed until I noticed that the battery in the watch was completely dead on arrival . How a company can ship $ 165 watches to people without first checking to see if they 're at least ticking is beyond me . I think this is completely inexcusable and warrants me a full refund of the $ 25 it cost me to have the battery replaced on arrival .
 Not the fault of the vendor or manufacturere but , for my girlfriend , the watch was too large and bulky to suit her . By the way , it was delivered in two days .
 I thought this would be a fun watch to have for summer and going to the beach . Boy was was I wrong . It is HUGE and ugly and looks like it should cost about $ 25 from some guy on the street . Do n't waste your money . I am returning mine .
 Got this watch as a gift for a friend . That being said I did not have time to return it . The watch arrived after a lengthy shipping time for the high shipping cost I paid . The case was scuffed and the face of the watch had two hairs in it . Had to take it to the local jeweler to get them out . I expected better !
 I purchased the Fossil Specialty - Positive Display watch for my husband . After only two months , it began to lose time , the digital display quit and the timer kept going off for no reason . I took it to three very reputable jewelers in Houston and none could repair it . I wrote to Fossil to inquire about repair , but have received no response in four months .
 Hate when you get someone that last just long enough so it ca n't be returned . The watch worked for 30 days and just stopped working .
 The Nautica watch was suppose to be water resistant . I received it and everyone loved the look . We went on vacation the same week and by day 4 it had water in it . I returned it to Nautica and havent heard a word from them , it has been 3 weeks . The watch looks great , and did well at time keeping , but it did not hold up in the surf.Joe F
 Disappointed that the watch face is encircled in plastic . Gives the watch a cheap look . Hard rubber band is unflexible . Overall not recommended .
 This watch is a piece of crap . It is a fake . It looks really nice online but there are several things about the watch that are not true to Invicta including the shape of the side dials . Do n't waste your money . Ours arrived and did n't even work . Packaging is Invicta and whoever made the watch tried hard to make it authentic but do n't be fooled . My fossil watch is 100 times better .
 I bought an Invicta Men 's 2875 II Collection Chronograph Watch for my husband as a Christmas gift in December 2009 . I noticed in May that he hardly ever wore it and asked why . He said it worked for about 2 weeks and stopped , so he just returned to his old cheap watch . I assumed it was a battery but could n't open the back myself and FINALLY got to a jeweler last week to get a new battery . The jeweler installed the battery and the watch worked for a couple of hours and stopped again . So , for $ 65 plus the cost of a replacement battery , we got about 2 weeks of function . Now it 's too late to return - all I can do is sit and burn .
 I bought this Watch but after 3 months it is not working now . I replace the Cell but still it is like dead .
 I had a lot of promise for this watch , but it came up far short . The watch was a nice size , weight and really looked nice . The problem was that it could n't keep time , which of course was its primary function . The watch would lose between 10 - 15 minutes each day . Also , it is titled a chronograph watch , but it has no stopwatch feature . Keep shopping ...
 After two months of owning the watch and only wearing it at work -LRB- software company , -RRB- I noticed I had two VII 's with an I missing . I later found the broken I from the eight at the bottom of the watch . After another month of wearing , the rest of the eight fell apart leaving a V , I , and I randomly getting stuck between the hands causing the watch to be unusable .
 I was lured by the pictures and ignored the negative reviews and decided to take a chance on this based on the cheap price at the time . 6 months later the seconds hand has fallen off and is now sliding across the face of the watch and the battery already needs replaced . The watch was exposed to normal everyday use and given the issues already , I am not even going to bother getting it repaired ... straight to the trash for this one . Buyer beware !
 I paid $ 65 for this watch on Amazon in 2009 -LRB- different color face -RRB- . It 's beautiful , but in my opinion , what I paid was too much . It was a gift for my husband , who works in an office environment and wore it about 3-4 days per week . It broke just out of warranty -LRB- about 14 months -RRB- - it just stopped working . Our local watch repair person cleaned out the watch in the hopes that it would take care of the problem , but it did n't ; he told us he could n't get parts because Invicta has locked down their aftermarket sales so they can keep the repairs in-house . So , we shelved the watch for a while . I visited the Invicta website last week and emailed them for clarification of their repair policies .1 . You pay for shipping to them , and you must include a check for $ 28 for return shipping . The watch is 4.5 ounces ; they charge you $ 28 to ship it back .2 . Many types of repair are based on the cost of the watch , and this means the LIST price , not the price paid . The cost of repairing this $ 65 watch would be scaled to a $ 475 watch .3 . It will take at least 90 days to get the watch back.Not worth it . I 've had $ 20 Casios and Timexes which lasted longer than this piece . If the current price is worth one year of functionality to you , go for it . Otherwise , please reconsider the purchase .
 Great watch , but with an imperfection ... the bezel luminescent dot does not line up perfectly at the 12:00 position . Perhaps that is why it is discounted ?
 I bought this watch because I like the Nautica name and because I was looking for a stainless steel water proof watch that had an alarm . The other review of this watch is correct in that this watch is VERY hard to set . The other problem I have with this watch is the alarm is n't loud enough . I can hardly hear it . For the price I am disappointed and can not recommend this watch to anyone .
 I carefully shopped for this watch . Called Invicta and was told that this watch that did not have the number 9310 -LRB- but began with 98xxx -RRB- had a Automatic Swiss Movement . It is my third Invicta watch . It did not have a automotic Swiss movement . In fact , it was a battery operated movement . The crystal was chipped , and I was so disgusted , I discarded the watch.I ordered another -LRB- different style -RRB- with an automatic -LRB- Japanese 21 Jewel -RRB- movement . It works fine and is a great watch for the price.Very disappointed with this shipment and the seller for the deception . I could have gone to J.C. Penney and purchased the same watch for a couple of dollars more.Lesson learned
 I got this as a birthday present a year ago . It 's a good looking watch , feels good on the wrist , and keeps good time . It gets five stars for that , loses three for the recent problems.However , mine died last week . It 's not a battery - an independent jeweler has verified that - so that means something more expensive.It carries a warranty , but they neglect to mention a small detail . Having anything done on the watch , including battery replacement , voids the warranty unless done by their service center . This would not be a problem , if they had more than 1 service center , and their minimum fee to change a battery were n't $ 33 and stated to take a minimum of 2-8 weeks . That does n't include the price to ship it to Invicta.Calls and emails to their warranty department have gone unanswered.It 's a nice watch , but hope you do n't have any problems , because they wo n't be there to fix them.Edited to add : An independent watchmaker has verified it needs a new movement . Their price is $ 78 . Invicta 's would be $ 97 not including shipping there - $ 28 S&H ; plus 25 % of the $ 275 MSRP . I paid less than that for the watch new .
 I bought this watch as a short term replacement while my Citizen was being repaired . This watch is horrible . The crown is not screw down , as advertised and it constantly pulls out . As a result I 'm always loosing time and changing the date . I can not rely on it to keep time because of the crown issue . Since I am a nurse and have to keep track of patient medication times , functionality is mandatory ! Good grief . It is a watch after all . When I looked at having it fixed under warranty , the Invicta company wants $ 28.00 just for S&H ; to look at it . Yes - you get to send them $ 28 just to get the defective watch fixed under warranty!Oh , and you may wonder why I simply did not return it ? Once it has been worn , it is not returnable . Which is interesting as how is someone going to determine if the watch is defective unless it is worn?Needless to say , this is my last ever Invicta purchase .
 Having received my ProDiver 9310 from Amazon it was everything as expected . The watch is beautiful and the packaging superb . The second hand was hitting the tick marks exactly . I was all looking forward to wear the watch.However , the watch was losing 6-8 seconds a day . I expected and require pinpoint accuracy from an Invicta . I have 2 other Invictas that are accurate to a second or two a week . These Invictas have the Japanese Quartz movement and the Invicta 9310 has the Swiss Quartz movement.I struggled to keep the watch but decided to return with no issues to Amazon to their credit.I am looking to purchase the Invicta 8935 which is very similar to the 9310 but has the Japanese Quartz movement . I am hoping this will maintain the accuarcy as I have seen on my other watches.Update
 This watch was giving to me as a gift . I will give an overview of the watch and try to be neutral . First the Pros and there are only two ; you can see the display in the dark , and it 's not too hard to change the time , date or set the alarm . Now the Cons , the band is large and heavy . The width is '' wider than normal bands at 15/16 '' width plus the links are longer than normal making it awkward to put on and fasten . With the oversized links it will most likely not contour to the normal wrist . In addition the display is long and not contoured to fit the wrist , since it is flat . The LED display is bright amber color and the display is individual LED 'S not segments . It will take awhile to get use to reading since the numbers are very close together and are displayed vertically . To read the time you must press the right side button . Press once for `` time '' , twice for the `` date '' , three times for the `` alarm '' . The display turns off after a few seconds . In conclusion the watch is very heavy and not made to be comfortable . Since it takes your other hand to depress the button for the display it is not user friendly . On the other hand if you like to be different it is not a bad watch .
 Watch is fascinating , but executed poorly.Arrived in a broken case -LRB- cheaply made -RRB- , and had unremovable glue marks around glass edges .
 I bought this watch for a friend in England in May and unbelievably it ran 10 minutes fast every hour.How could this be being a brand new Tag Heuer watch ? now one seemed to know or want to explain.As my friend in England had it two months before he wore it and noticed the fault , the initial warranty expired and the two year warranty has a clause in it to say if the watch has n't been worn for an extended period of time then the warranty could be invalid . So he had to pay 200 to a Tag authorised dealer to have it fixed in England . It runs fine now and looks beautiful , but after all the hassle I would only buy from a registered dealer again when spending this sort of money .
 The movement froze after 2 weeks because of age and a bad seal -LRB- never was near water -RRB- , not able to get replacement part . Gave up after a year at my jewelers . Absolute rip off/second time I have bought sub-standard products at Amazon .
 Is this an authentic TAG Heuer watch?I think not . How come it stopped working after two months!This was a gift to my brother who lives in Korea . It was a hassle to return to Amazon.But Amazon did a quick process of refunding . Good job , Amazon .
 Ok , this is my wife 's favorite watch , maybe she likes it too much . It was a beautiful watch when it was new.Unfortunately , the build up of wear and tear after only a few months of daily use is unbelievable . The chrome on the bezel is marred in several places and the accumulation of tiny scratches is alarming . The bezel has come loose and spins freely like a wheel on a game show . The chrome accents on the band are badly scraped.We own several watches in the same price range and have never dealt with such soft materials -LRB- maybe it 's made of solid white gold -RRB- . I know this is not intended to be a rugged piece , but the rapid buildup of damage is unacceptable . Avoid this watch unless you intend to wear it only occasionally.No problems with the functionality so far , but I 'll never buy a Tag again .
 I thought the TAG Golf Watch as endorsed by Tiger Woods , and support from TAG when it was under warrenty and needed a new battery , was great until the strap snapped unexpectedly a few weeks ago . When I looked closely at it there were no signs of wear but it had snapped across a section where the shape of the molding changed - it appeared obviously that this was a manufactured weak point so I assumed it would be replaced quickly and efficiently foc - no such luck - they wanted almost half the cost of a new watch for a replacement strap that had what I considered to be a latent defect with it 's manufacturering process . It is now back in it 's box and consigned back to the back of the drawer and I would not recommend any TAG products to anyone anymore as they appear to neglect to stand beside their products when it comes to issues . I have spent some time looking on the web and it appears my problem is not an isolated incident either.TAG Heuer Men 's WAE1113.FT6004 Tiger Woods Professional Golf Watch
 I purchased this watch as a gift for my husband who is an avid golfer . He wore it only on the weekends . The band broke within 6 months of purchase . -LRB- They advertise it as being indestructible -RRB- . I sent it back to the Authorized TAG repair in NewYork and they wanted $ 200 to repair it because they said Amazon is not an authorized dealer . I would of never purchased the watch from Amazon had I known that . I beleive the watch was defective . Amazon would not repair the watch either .
 I 've bought this watch February 2011 when I was in NY , and after 2 months I noticed the watch was defective.Went to a Tag Heuer Authorized Dealer here in Brazil , and as the International Warrant Card sent by Amazon is completely blank -LRB- because Amazon.com is not a Tag Heuer Authorized Dealer -RRB- , I would have to pay to have my watch repaired -LRB- otherwise , I would not have to pay a dime , to get the watch repaired in any Authorized Dealer around the globe -RRB- . The diagnostic of the problem was lack of lubrification and some damaged pieces in the internal mechanism -LRB- and that was a brand new watch , which I really doubt Tag Heuer would allow something like this to be sold -RRB- . Felt like the watches are some kind of `` second line '' , or watches that did not passed the quality control ; and like so , they do n't have an International Warrant.To use the Amazon.com warrant , all the costs to send/receive the watch is on your own.The worst of all is that Amazon.com ask you to send the watch to a company called Swinford Jewelers -LRB- in Kentucky -RRB- , which by the way , it is not a Tag Heuer Authorized Dealer -LRB- not listed in Tag Heuer website -RRB- . I definitely do not recommend buying Tag Heuer watches from Amazon.com .
 My Tag Heuer Golf watch keeps perfect time as long as I do n't wear it . It has never kept time if I wear it . I have returned the watch to Tag Heuer in NJ four times . Today it was returned again fron NJ and in the less then 12 hours of wear it has lost 7 minutes . I love the style of the watch and hate the fact that Tag Heuer refuses to do the right thing and replace the watch . Do n't buy the watch .
 The watch is very cute but the instructions that came with it are not the correct instructions . We still can not set the time on the watch because we can not discern how to do it .
 Item I ordered seemed very nice online and priced right . However , once I received it ... thei item was of poor quality and incorrect which model amazon sent.This was my first expereience buying a watch online , never again ... better to goto the watch counter and review the item in person .
 I bought this for my grandson for Christmas and when his mother was taking it out of the box , the clasp broke and it 's not repairable . Apparently it 's attached to the box with staples and unless you have a staple pulled , it 's too fragile to just pull from the holder .
 I bought this watch for father 's day , a GIFT , and the box leaves broken !! so what i do now ??
 Did not like the look and/or the quality of the watch as it looked fake , but to give credit to this seller , there was no discussion and my money was returned immediately after the product was shipped back , so thie seller has integrity !
 i never receved the item and there was not refond i lost my money thanks to amazon and patner
 Nice watch but VERY large and heavy . Weighs a couple pounds . Band has broken a couple times on me because of the wight and now it is out of warranty .
 Yeah . Had this product , removed from torn box , immediately noticed one of the two snaps on the unique case would not snap . My oh my , what a large honking watch . This definitely stands out !!! However , upon pressing the lower left hand button once or twice , it stuck ! No repressing nor pulling it out would change or cause it to function again . For this reason , I allowed Amy Zon to keep their watch.So , besides the fact it malfunctioned in hour 2 , and the digital lcd display is faint , you may like this watch . Indecisive . CP
 So I had this watch for about a year now , and a few weeks ago the I picked it up to put it on , and noticed that almost all of the numbers and little metal tick marks on the face had come loose , like the adhesive wore out . So now they 're all shaking around in there , free as can be . One of the numbers with a hole in it -LRB- a 9 or a 6 or an 8 maybe -RRB- got stuck on the minute hand , which broke it.I wrote directly to Vostok a week ago , but have n't heard back from them . Disappointing , because I really liked this watch for the last year . I bought it for its ` green ' attributes
 I 've been looking at the Vostok-Europe watches for quite some time now . I finally ordered the Tu-144 watch and I 'm very disappointed . The crystal is hazy , and has what looks to be evidence of condensation having formed on the inside of the crystal . The crystal is scratched as well , and the scratches are on the inside . The watch left the manufacturer in that condition . For that reason I will not be exchanging the watch , but requesting a refund . Upon setting the watch I learned that the date can not be set independently , instead you have to turn the hands around through however many days necessary to get the correct date to show . And once that 's finished , the date indicator is not aligned with the window , part of the date is always obscured . The best part of the watch is the case and the band , these both seem to be well made . The movement and the crystal both fall very short of my expectations.Update
 These batteries were useless . They did n't last 20 minutes in a small hand held calculator.The previous battery bought from Radio Shack had been used for over 3 years . I tried one in a second calculator and it did n't work at all . I wo n't buy from this source again .
 I am also appaled by the prices of AG10 . However , do not fall into the old trick of sellers as one of the reviewers did . Indeed some sell through Amazon for 1 cent per battery , but it is plus 4.99 shipping and handling !
 the strap is imitation leather with a crock embossed print , the hands adjustment rottor has a black plastic end cap that gets detached after some use , what is not seen in the internet pic is the watch from the side ... its hugebuy a tube of superglue with this item . . my opinion save your 350 dollars and get a better watch . .
 This is one of the worst children 's watches ever . It looks crummy and is very cheaply made . It loses 5 seconds overnight and it does not perform well . In the first few days of my son owning it , the display broke and now it is hard to read . Overall , this a horrible product .
 Order this for my son who was going on a Boy Scout adventure . This was supposed to be `` Water-Resistant to 50 Meters '' ... did not make it 5 feet . Amazon took care of the problem .
 I bought this watch 6 months ago , wearing it daily cleaning it off with water most nights to keep it nice and new looking because I wanted to wear this watch for a long time . Well , after 6 months it is totally stained , it 's got blue and black stains all around the band . It went a from a pretty rose color to a nasty looking purple/black color in places . It 's cute if you just want to wear it every-so-often but that 's not typically why people choose a watch like this .
 This watch could not keep time within a half hour and was not close to being water resistant to any water to include light rain .
 was not a ` deal ' @ 14.99 , weighs a ton & huge , if into wrist weights , no inst , as to shorten band , second hand ` off ' like a junker , caveat emptor
 I purchased this beautiful watch for my fiance as a wedding gift . First , after purchasing the watch , the purchase , nor shipping history did not appear on my Amazon account It was not until my credit card statement showed that Amazon had charged me for the purchase -LRB- 1 week after the initial purchase -RRB- that I could verify that the purchase was actually made . Secondly , when I received the watch , the watch was not functioning . I brought the watch into the Cartier store for servicing -LRB- after giving the watch to my fiance -RRB- and am now waiting to see what the problem is with the watch . The Cartier employee explained that the problem can be either one of two reasons ; 1 -RRB- dead battery -LRB- approx . repair cost of $ 30 -RRB- 2 -RRB- mechanical problem -LRB- approx . repair cost $ 350 -RRB- . Therefore , I was very unsatisfied with this purchase and Amazon 's service . Historically , Amazon has been terrific in regards to purchase/record management , but this time , it failed miserably . Also , I received a non-functioning product , which was of great meaning .
 there is NO Certificate of Authenticity , the dial hands are NOT Blue on the real Cartier Must 21 W10110T2 , there is generally a manufactures Lifetime Warranty . This watch is a FAKE FAKE FAKE , do NOT buy this watch , trust me ... unless is comes with a Certificate of Authenticity that you can verify with Cartier
 I was happy with this watch , until after only 2 weeks of wearing it the band broke . I did not even wear this everyday . I am going to try and have the band fixed , but this is not what I expected for a watch this pricey .
 This watch is very pretty . It 's a musical watch so when you push a button it plays a very nice Disney melody . After only two weeks , it stopped telling time , but continued to play music . I was going to replace the battery and my daughter for whom I purchased this said how it could it play music and the battery not worked . Her dad agreed so I 'm returning it.I do n't know if I 'm going to get credit or not , but I replaced the watch with a different Disney watch style and in less than one week the strap fell apart!Crummy quality is all I can say .
 Ok watch but not to my liking once I read the manual . You 'd think for this amount of money they would be able to have a calendar that you do n't have to reset once a month and a 24 hour alarm . Unfortunately , I took off the tag that has `` Not returnable if tag is removed '' -LRB- printed on only one side -RRB- . Do n't believe that these are returnable . You can only return if you have n't worn it , have n't removed any of the tags , etc. etc. .
 Had watch for one week before one of the reflectors separated from above the 2 dial . Returned product for a full refund . It is a shame . A very nice watch otherwise . But for $ 450 , I do n't want to have to worry about my watch breaking .
 Within a week two things went very wrong . The button on the left of the watch that sets the alarm and turns the alarm on and off stopped functioning . The alarm became permanently stuck in the on position . I immediately contacted Citizen regarding this . Conveniently for them , their warranty only covers `` movement '' as they define it . ANY failure should be covered for at least a short period of time . Because of this , Citizen permanently lost a customer . Also , the chronograph minute hand would not reset back to zero . Citizen did say , however , that would most likely be covered under warranty , as long as they determined it was not due to misuse . Given that two things went wrong with it in less than a week I must seriously question Citizen 's quality especially in relation to their complete lack of customer service regarding quality related issues on a watch that is less than a week old . Furthermore , the titanium is considerably costlier than the stainless versions and given the overall weight of the watch with all the eco-drive technology -LRB- that adds a lot of weight -RRB- , the extra cost for the titanium is not worth it . I have other titanium watches to compare this to where the other watches are very light to the point that I sometimes forget that they are on . Given all of these issues , I chose to return the watch to Amazon , and was immediately refunded my money . My rating for the watch is over-rated at one star , it should be a zero , whereas if I could rate Amazon 's customer service , it would undoubtedly be the highest possible score due to their unsurpassed prompt , courteous , and thorough service , both in this particular instance as well as many others .
 bought this one a month ago , the packaging is great , the watch does n't look like the picture , its golden plate is more like copper color which gives it a cheap look , i was getting it as a gift but retreated after i saw it , sad point i ca n't refund as i 'm on Egypt now and the mailing fees will exceed its price
 This is a very cheap product . Purchased it to gift someone close but hesitated in gifting it . Diamond collection is a very high descriptive word for this piece . Will not recommend to buy one even it comes for a lesser price even on a deal day
 Nice looking watch until water gets under the crystal and the inner workings start to rust . Wore it in the shower twice . No big deal right ? Wrong . Went to 4 different watch repair shops and none could order a replacement gasket/seal so it 's basically ruined . My $ 300 Seiko has been diving in the Pacific and has never had a leak .
 I 'm in complete agreement with the customer that posted a review on 12/12/2003 . The reason I bought this watch was for the `` self-setting '' feature . I live about 20 miles north of the city of Chicago . I also only get a good signal about once a month . I have also tried to get a signal in Milwaukee , Denver , and Las Vegas with no luck . Basically , if you take away the self-setting feature there is really nothing on this watch that you ca n't get for much less money.Oh , and I also agree with the customer that talked about the scratches on the crystal . I 've never had a watch that scratched so easily .
 Overall I wanted to like this watch , but after 6 months the plastic crystal has accumulated so many scratches it looks much older than it is . Just look at it sideways and it picks up another scratch . The features are great , and the atomic precision is very nice , but the crystal is cheap and a poor design . I 'd love to see all these features in a decent quality package , till then I 'm wearing my Skagen .
 I basically like the idea of the watch . But the main claim to fame is the ability to receive the correct time automatically . I live within the range of the transmitter , but the watch does not often receive the correct time . Currently , it seems to get the correct time about once a month . Sometimes I can stand outside and point the watch in an easterly direction and get the time to synch . Sometimes I 'll put the watch in a different position at night in the house to see if it will connect with the time signal . But at some point , you have to ask yourself how much time you want to invest in getting your watch to `` automatically '' synch to the correct time.Also , sometimes the watch goes kind of crazy . Last month in November the watch suddenly decided that it was some completely different time in March . I figured that I 'd let the watch reset itself . Well , it never did.Now it is true that you can reset the time manually . But I found the controls a little difficult to understand.When the automatic time update feature works , it 's great ; you literally have the perfect time . When it does n't work , which in my experience is most of the time , you have a watch that 's basically like any other watch , except that the controls to set the time are somewhat harder to understand than watches that are meant to be manually set.The watch currently resides in a drawer . Maybe some day I 'll take it out . Or maybe not .
 I received this watch 3 months ago as a birthday gift . Loved the watch , the features and look were great . Then this week , the plastic piece that is the bracket for the band broke off when I took it off . The plastic material it was made of appears to be substandard .
 the first time i went swimming -LRB- not diving -RRB- , water got into the watch . it 's so fogged-up , i ca n't read the time .
 I bought this watch about a year ago . It was pretty convenient when I traveled and I loved the look on my wrist . Unfortunately it stopped walking about seven months after I bought it . Casio did repair it and it walked for another five month and Stopped again . caso is asking me to pay them to repair it again for the price I bought it 40 $ .
 Good
 I loved this watch for as long as it lasted - the time started going wacky at 11 months despite the fact that new battery was installed . Three months later when the watch was just over a year old the strap went to jelly and the now it 's just one long slit so there is nothing for the catch to hold on to so the watch is useless . I 'd stick with Swatch if they replaced their watch straps - stupid money-making greedy pigs - too bad .
 I have owned the Citizen Calibre for a couple of years now . I have only worn it as a dress watch . The stainless steel scratches easily and quickly loses its luster . The real issue , however , is that the computer will no longer keep the date correct . I have system-reset the watch several times , but it just keeps showing the incorrect date after a month or so . Now , in calendar mode , it will not even allow December to be set . I guess it needs another reset . I would have to say that the watch just did not meet expectations commensurate with price . Initially what appeared striking and gorgeous , now simply a paper weight . Alas .
 i just found this watch more watch than i needed !! dont need alarms two time zones -- the booklet is like a phone book of instructions -- everyone else seems to love it -- it is pretty to look at -- but way too much watch for me -- and who could read that booklet of instructions ??? not me -- i was intimidated by this thing !!!!!!!
 I usually do n't write reviews but this could not go unchallenged . I bought the watch to wear with business attire , in turn , used twice a month . The strap broke near month 6 of my ownership . . Twelve times worn and it breaks !? Warranty does n't cover straps . . then good luck trying to find a replacement as they are proprietary 20mm straps at 50 bucks a pop . Check out other citizen watches . . they all have complaints about the straps .
 Got this watch in 2010 . Very classy looking watch with great functionality . Now , it 's a paperweight . The eco drive must have gone dead ... even after charging in bright sunlight , dead . I think this will be the last Citizen watch I purchase . I will be contacting Citizen , and will update the post if anything changes ; however , at nearly a $ 300.00 price point ... I expect to get more use than just over a year and a half . I would recommend looking elsewhere for a watch that does n't need to be `` serviced '' in such a short amount of time .
 I purchased this watch about a month ago and am very disappointed . One of the gold bees came off of the watchband this week , which left the band with a big rip where the bee was . The watch hands come out of the middle of Eeyore 's head , so it is impossible to see all of Eeyore .
 After a few days there were humidity spots inside the glass , and hte watch had not gone in direct contact with water
 This watch worked very well for over a year . The battery died . I have found it to be impossible to remove the back cover without ruining the finish on the watch and face . The small tab on the back cover that is intended as a location to pry the back up is too small for anything but a very sharp tool . The amount of force necessary to pry up the back cover creates a very dangerous situation when the small sharp tool being used -LRB- screwdriver , knife , etc. -RRB- slips .
 I was disappointed with my purchase . The watch does not play a melody when you push the button . A waste of my money it would cost more to return than it was worth .
 Although I thought this watch looks adorable for the princess minded age group , I am disappointed that it lacked numbers indicating the hours . I expect a watch for a child this young , to serve as a teaching tool as well as being fun to wear . I searched for this specific watch , but did not order it because it lacked the numerals .
 Item came with the punch already bent . Purchased it based on the other reviews . Now after receiving the Item I am wondering if they are real reviews . Can not see why anyone would think this is worth the price they are asking for it . Do n't know if it works or not since it came damaged . There are supposed to be replacement pins inside the unit but can not figure out how to get them out since the unit did not come with any directions .
 I like the stylish yet classic look of this watch . The face is easy to read , and the matte gold color is modern and attractive . However , the watch does n't work very well . I do n't know how , but the pin for setting the time comes out , and the watch stops keeping time . Since I really need the watch to keep good time at work , this is annoying .
 I orderd this watch box hoping that it was as nice as it was stated on your website but when I received it I was very dissapointed . I needed to give it as a gift and was extremely embaresed and dissapointed . I question if I will ever trust this company again , amazon needs to make sure the quality of there products are as stated .
 The worst watchband that I have ever owned . The material is light duty and cheap . The ring of material that secures the excess portion of the band came apart after one month . I thought of fixing the watchband but in the end I decided just to throw it away .
 Unfortunately the wristband was never comfortable and after a year of ownership it is falling apart . The silver paint on the case is about 80 % worn off the cheap plastic case . The pictures do n't show it , but it is very large watch.I would n't buy it again and I am currently searching for something better .
 The watch is quite attractive and works as advertised but the case is so flimsy that you are lucky if it lasts a week . It would be a bargain if it could be worn but as is should be avoided . I bought a Casio atomic watch that is much nicer and appears to be much sturdier .
 I bought one of these in May 2007 . If failed in September . LaCrosse replaced the innards under warranty . It failed again a year later . LaCrosse -- only after 2 repeats of my inquiry -- declined to replace it again without charge . They actually asked for more than I would pay for a new one via Amazon.Further , the watch is too big . It is too big because the case material is too thick . It is too thick because it must be made of plastic to avoid attenuation of the radio signal .
 I ordered this watch as a gift . When I set it for our time zone , the time was 9 hours ahead . I had to `` pay '' to send it in for warranty repair . Should n't have to , when I bought it `` new '' ! So I paid shipping twice , to receive and ship back . Needless to say , the gift was late for the occasion .
 This watch stopped working after a month . The face just went blank so I am in the process of trying to find a battery to see if that is the problem . The battery was supposed to be good for at least 2 years . Ya right !
 I had a problem with Guy Gifter and it has NOT been resolved yet . I guess we find out if someone reads these reviews .
 Nice watch , but HUGE . THe face is so large it looks like you 're wearing a CLOCK on your wrist . Well made , nice features ... but I returned it just due to the size of it .
 The watch stopped working after one year . I took it to a watch repair shop and they told me it was not worth fixing . Typical of Chinese made products .
 The watch looks good but was not what I expected . The face is much too big and bulky looking and the watch strap is much too short for even a medium wrist . I had to pay shipping for receiving and shipping the product back . To this day I will only stick with Amazon directly sold products .
 What is TechnoCrap ? It 's technology that almost works , does n't . Spread the word.I bought this watch and it ran fine for 8 months in Denver , near the WWVB transmitter in Ft. Collins . Then I went to California . When I attempted to set it to the new time zone , it went bonkers . It could not recieve WWVB , and the manual settings did not work . In fact , the watch did not work as the manual said it should . I thought I might replace the battery , but there is no way to get the back off . I 'm an engineer , and this was very frustrating.I spent a week adding three hours and subtracting 22 minutes to figure out what time it was . As I was leaving to return to Denver , the crystal cracked . When I got home I threw it in the trash and ordered a LaCross WT-967 , a model in a line of watches that I have used worldwide without difficulty for many years . Not quite as pretty , but they work .
 First failure
 Incredible . The watch is exactly one minute behind . A friend told me I was wrong when we compared time . I have an atomic clock and a comparison showed the watch is a minute behind . I checked on the Atom Time program on the computer and the watch is exactly a minute behind . To boot , the watch comes with a meaningless nice wood case to store it in . Why I would want to store a watch in a wood case instead of wearing it to tell time , the purpose for which I bought the watch , is beyond my understanding . And , if you are still thinking of buying the watch , the wrist band is just big enough to get around my wrist although I am medium build and only 5ft . 9in . At least the watch is consistent and so it is too big of a hassle to return the darn thing . Besides , hopefully it is one of a kind if the company quality control is any good - which is doubtful by my experience .
 I was given this watch as a gift in November of 2006 . Less than one year later I noticed the time was 5 minutes slow . After several emails with the distributor to correct the problem , I was told to ship the watch back . When I received the watch , the problem was fixed for about 2 or 3 weeks then it went back to being 5 minutes slow again . I emailed the company again , several times , and so far they 've ignored me.Great concept but not worth the price tag if they ca n't stand behind the product .
 I have one of these watches and mine is running 5 minutes slow . Can not get any help and will not make this mistake again in buying this watch . Do not reccomend anyone buying this product .
 Ever since I started carrying a cell phone I had never replaced my wristwatch . After several years now I thought it was about time -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- I had a new one if only for dress purposes . Most of the dress watches offered today have way too many functions , dials , bells and bezels that do not appeal to me anymore . The E. Howard Atomic watch offers simple elegance and is easy to read . It arrived in a nice hardwood case and was already set and running . It took some time to sort out how to reset the time zone as the instruction manual is for an earlier version apparently , but having done so it runs fine and keeps perfect time . The leather band is of high quality but ill fitting for my wrist . Once I find a suitable flexible gold band for it I believe it will serve my needs for the years to come . Having owned dozens of watches I find that for the money , this one is among the best , and the radio controlled Atomic aspect satisfies the gadgeteer in me . All in all ... an excellent acquisition.Update
 I have had this watch for 2 years . I have worn it all around the globe . It keeps accurate time , I just have to adjust for it being 6 minutes slow . No way to adjust it that I know of . I would not buy another one .
 Extremely accurate . After only 4 months , this watch became , with in a micro second , EXACTLY two hours off ... . I 'd give it one star except for the fact that is comes with the best , most comfortable band I have ever worn .
 Received the watch with it set to NY time . Difficulty resetting to MT Standard time . REsolved , attempted to synch with GMT , , the hands are off by 2 minutes and the seconds are exact . Can not modify that feature . Watch is Thick and bulky , avoid the purchase . Deceiving , actually made in in CHINA , plastic watch .
 I got this watch for my husband 's birthday several years ago . He has wanted one for a while because he struggles with bad eyesight and resetting his other watches when the time changes in the spring and fall . This seemed to be the perfect choice . However , now that one of the 2 batteries -LRB- one for time one for date -RRB- has died and we need to replace battery , no one will work on it . I thought the price was great for a watch that doesnt need to be reset and that nice face on it . But if it was to be a disposable watch , I am not so happy about this item . Still trying to replace the batteries ...
 I ordered an E. Howard EH-23GA Gold Atomic Watch on 5/28/11 from Amazon and rec 'd . it about a week later . It was running , but with the wrong time . Meanwhile , registered for its warrenty online . I waited for it to update its movement tried to follow the enclosed written user instructions from LaCrosse Technology , Ltd , the distributer of this made in China watch . I sent an e-mail to suppot@lacrossetechnology.com -LRB- warrenty work -RRB- saying the watch do not work . A reply came back a few days later with a form-set of instruction to follow . I replied that the watch had no display or moventment of its hands -- requesting insturstions to return the watch to them for repair or replacment . As of 6/30/2011 , no reply to my request . LaCrosse Technology , Ltd warrenty service SUCKS ! I will mail the watch back tomorrow to their physical address at 2809 Losey Bvld , S , La Crosse , WI 54601 and see what happens then.PS - I have owned five or six other LaCrosse branded products over the years with no problems at all !
 This watch is a piece of crap . It took forever to receive the signal . Then still does not display the correct time . It is difficult to set . Anyone who says this thing is working is probably being paid to do so by the atomic watch people . I tried one of these several years ago , and that one did not work either . Never Again . This company is a fricking joke .
 My girlfriend bought me the stainless Vibralite3 watch as a gift . I am a pilot and I wanted to have a watch that would have the silent vibrating alarms , as audible timer alarms -LRB- used for holding procedures -RRB- are rather inaudible in a noisy airplane.The watch fell apart - the face bezel came unscrewed and then fell off . Before it fell off , it was just loose enough to make an audible rattling sound whenever the watch vibrated . The vibrations were strong enough , but the buttons were extremely hard to push and had no feel to them . Also , I never got the automatic ` flick of the wrist ' light function to work . Night-owls , do n't bother
 I recently purchased this watch from amazon.com.I do not normally give reviews , but in this case I will make an exception.The first problem is that the numerals are hard to see in low light.The next problem was worse.The leather left black stains on my wrist . That had to be scraped off with soap and water . After a while I developed a sort of abscess on my wrist , which took a couple of days to wear off . I tried to see if I could return it to amazon.com , but since it is sells through a third party at amazon.com , I could not return it . I have since put some white tape on the black part of the leather , in order not to get the stain . In addition , I had to cut off the retaining ring that holds the extra band , since the leather there was also leaving a stain . Do yourself a favor and do not buy this product . I am already looking for another watch . I have never had a problem with items I have purchased at amazon.com . So I guess this is the exception . The only thing I have to say about amazon.com is that they should allow returns on all their products . Even if sold through a third party .
 I never received this item and Amazon acted as if they sent it out in the mail when they really did n't and it was on back order . They charged my credit card for it and everything and then let me wait 4 weeks before I questioned never receiving it . They still insisted that they mailed it but the USPS said that they never received the shipment just a shipping label.I would be careful with ordering anything from Amazon especially this watch .
 I bought this watch to replace one that I had lost , manufactured by Murrina Veneziana . The two watches look the same , however the millefiori border on the Firenze Murano watch is enough larger that it obliterates the numerals on the watch face . Also the stainless steel band , again looks identical , but is not as well made or substantial . I was disappointed with the watch and returned it . On the other hand I was very satisfied with The Great Timing Company who responded immediately to my inquiry about returning the watch .
 I bought a little different version of this same watch about 6 years ago in USA , and in about 2 years the spring inside the start-stop button broke . It just did not work . I repaired here in Korea and in about half a year it broke again . Its price then was quite lower than now , being about $ 180 . As others told , the watch is very handsome , looks nice , but the construction is not durable at all.However the luminant hands work very well . The light last for hours in the dark , contrary to what is told in another review . So I understand there may be some different versions of it or it just changed as its design did a little .
 Disappointing in overall quality . The watch looks ok , but is basically an overpriced cheap watch .
 I guess I 'm old ... but I thought a `` woman 's watch '' would be petite . I wore this thing for about a week and bought a different watch because it was too large .
 I bought this item for 80 dollars and was expecting something sturdy and actually nice for this price.This item is not worth 80 dollars because the top does n't stay open the latch on the front feels like its about to fall off . The corners of the product are worn and the stitching is not even straight . This item is a rip off do n't buy you will regret it I like I did.It looks like something you buy at a swap-meet .
 I bought the large jewelry box sold by the same Tech Swiss retailer at an exorbitant price and it was made of PVC and smelled very strongly of toxic PVC fumes . Avoid .
 that was a christmas gift for my wife and when it oppened we notice that the mirror inside was broken.shame on you for selling defective products like this.Carlos
 The watch has a plastic case which contains the antenna for receiving the atomic clock signals . This part of the case is very fragile and breaks easily . The first watch lasted less than two weeks . The second watch lasted almost six months . Both broke in the same place.I loved this watch , but it 's just not durable .
 We purchased this watch in April 2006 , and the strap tore from the watch pins in October . My husband used it daily and liked the functions but it 's not much on style and not durable .
 Never figured out how to remove the links from the band . No directions on Casio 's site and the directions that I found using goggle turned out to be a different band for the same watch . I sent it back .
 I 've had this watch less than a month and it already quit working , I never had the chance to wear it .
 This watch was terrible . It had all the features I wanted and none of the reliability . The watch periodically turns off , resetting the time and all the alarms . Comes back on when all four buttons are pressed , so the battery ca n't need replacing . If that were n't bad enough , the glue holding the band together came undone .
 Dont be fooled by the picture . This item is not worth the $ 58 . It looks like it should only cost maybe $ 15 - $ 20 at the most . I have never written an Amazon review before but this watch is so terrible I felt I had to warn others . This watch is SO HARD TO READ . It has to be tilted in just the right way to see the numbers . Worse than that is its impossible to set the time . My fiancee and I both tried -LRB- YES we did read the instructions -RRB- and still no luck . Whenever we made an attempt to set the time the watch displayed a bunch of weird symbols so we had to constantly reset it . So , I did return the item and got a full refund b/c the watch was defective .
 This watch worked great at first , but was not water tight and began leaking while I was kayaking . I would not recommend this watch if you actually plan on wearing it in the field .
 The watch is bigger than it appears in the picture , to the point it is almost the size of a mens watch . The packaging was very nice and it is a nice looking watch , but the size is just way too big .
 I have now owned this watch for one year . Right out of the box the promised `` months '' before it would go into the `` sleep '' or `` hibernation '' mode was only one week . I read on blog sites it takes 25,000 wrist movements to fully charge the new Lithium-ion battery . Previously SEIKO had used `` super capacitors '' made by Panasonic , but now discontinued because of leakage issues . If you do not wear the watch daily , with the above 25,00 required movements , good luck that it will EVER be fully charged . Result , premature ` death ' of the battery . I read on blog sites that the new Li-ion batteries will last maybe only 5 - 6 years . So much for a maintenance free watch ! Note , the cost of having the battery replaced is > $ 100.-Another observation
 I purchased this watchband for a Seiko sports watch that I 've had for decades . My prior replacement watchband was thick and sturdy , but the pins would give out frequently . I purchased this one as this was the right size and inexpensive , and I just needed one to work . When I opened it , I was surprised at the thinness of the rubber strap . It feels flimsy . Also , another thing that surprised me - I 'm used to the watchbands having the pins in them . This one has the pins separately that you put in the watchband and then you can attach it to the watch . A minor point , but I thought I 'd mention it.Anyway , I started wearing it , and it actually felt really stable . About 1 week into my purchase , I had put my hand into my pocket , and the watchband pins detached from the watch . I tried reattaching them , but no such luck.Although it worked only for 1 week , I 'm not going to rate this a 1-star , because the band was fine , just the pins were problematic . I guess if they sell pins by themselves , I can install them and give it another go .
 Inexpensive replacement ... and cheap . Five months after replacing the years-old , original -LRB- long -RRB- strap the replacement cracked . Yes , they are inexpensive but the plastic is very cheap and quite stiff , especially when it becomes cold . The quality of the replacement straps is much lower than those attached to the new watch . Look elsewhere .
 This item says it would fit a Casio watch , which it does not . Also the strap shown in the picture is nothing like the one received . They charged more for shipping then the item cost .
 I was not expecting anything fancy for the price , just a generic replacement for a g-shock watchband and this item showed up when I did a search . Unfortunately it is too wide and does not fit . Very disappointed . Guess I will have to buy the original band ... a lot more expensive but guaranteed fit and quality .
 The band material is very thin . This could be good or bad depending on your expectations . To me , it is bad as I expected a heavier weight thicker material for a `` sport '' band . The band is very comfortable as the material is very soft and pliable.The included spring pins are terrible . I used them initially and my watch fell off ! Fortunately it fell onto my car seat and not onto the ground where it would have had the pins fails only seconds earlier . Yes , I correctly installed the pins . The stayed in place for several hours and then suddenly popped out . I switched out the included pins for the ones that came with my original band . The original pins that came with my watch are a full 3mm longer than the ones included with this band.I have since ordered a Spiedel band in the same 19mm size and it came with double telescoping pins even longer than my original ones . The pins for the Spiedel band locks in extremely tight and feels very secure.This band is OK , I would have given the band alone 4/5 stars if they had not sent the crappy pins . But since they were included and clearly either defective or the wrong size I give this 2/5 . Better to not include anything extra rather than including something potentially defective .
 It was comfortable to wear but the buckle is made of plastic and broke within my two months of wearing it . I guess one ca n't expect anything more for a $ 3.99 watchband .
 I 'm a big guy with ` normal ' wrists . I usually remove links on metal watch bands ; however , on this plastic band it is very tight on the last hole . Would think these straps would be made longer if designed for adults .
 The strap buckle broke as i installed and tried my watch on for the first time , very cheap quality , did nt expect that . Dont buy it !
 It said it fit all Casio watches but did not . It was a waste . I would not order one again
 From repeated experience
 Really liked the watch with the slide out compass . Well , until the liquid in the compass went all brown and cloudy . No watchmaker will touch it to fix so it sits in a drawer !
 It is a nice looking watch ... if you do n't want a working compass . ordered one , got it and compass does n't move ! Returned and ordred the other Wenger/compass watch ... SAME PROBLEM ! I 'm givingup ! Good news , no problems returning items . Amazon 's policy is great !
 I ordered this watch because wegner is usualy a good product and compass was a cool attachement . I get the watch and it is cool except the compass has a scratch . Not supposed to have this if new . I set the watch but it doesnt run . I send it back for a replacement . Get the replacement no scrath but still doesnt run . I take to a jewler and he opens the watch to find no battery . So I decide to buy the battery -LRB- silly me to think it would be included since the add didnt mention no battery . . After three new batteries the watch still doesnt run . I send back for full refund . Now their returns is excellent . no hassle first class treatment all the way .
 Bought this for my dad , but it did n't fit his Illuminator watch . Not worth the hassle of sending back , just wasted money .
 I 've had problems with alarm stem . It 's bascially impossible to ` activate ' without pulling the entire thing out of the watch . It strips the treads out or they were stripped when I bought it . I do n't have time to send back so I just do n't use the alarm function . Downside of buying ` online . ' I 've also been getting an alergic reaction to the band - which I 've never had from many other leather watch bands so I already have to replace it .
 It is so stiff it was difficult to attach to the watch . I wore the band for several weeks before my first wet weather expedition . -LRB- That is why I bought it . -RRB- After wearing it under my gortex jacket in the rain for a few hours , the band became detached from the watch . I did not experience any trauma to my wrist . My guess is that the lack of flexibility stressed the pin so much that it bent . At that point the band detached from the watch and it fell off my wrist . In my opinion , the band is worthless .
 I ordered this band in July . I installed it with minimal problems and have had no complaints until today , when the little part that restrains the end of the strap broke . This is the same thing that happened to the original Timex strap .
 Do n't waste your time on this item , especially if you have sensitive skin . The size is fine , but the thing is cheap plastic , smells awful , and I had to wash my hands thrice just to get the irritation off .
 I would imagine it would be spectacular if Amazon would deliver what I paid for
 The subject of my review really says it all ... the box , though interesting looking , does n't lock and is exceptionally small . Furthermore , if it did lock , a strong judo chop could thwart the duty of the tiny , skeleton key lock . I 'll protect my watches in something a bit more substantial , -LRB- besides just insurance -RRB- , and would advise you to do the same if it 's more than costume jewelry you 're hoping to protect.Kindly , JT
 As others stated , my watches were free to pop out of their individual spaces , so I placed a foam pad in the upper half of the case to take keep them in place . I also noticed that the compartments are not deep enough to prevent watches from moving side to side and hitting each other . This forced me to use every other compartment , so half the capacity is wasted . I will not use it for my more expensive watches .
 The keys do n't work . . Its the biggest Waste of Money !!! I 'd never recommend this item ... . It 's cheap for a reason !
 The slots on this box is very small , and the cushion is very long . I had a hard time trying to fit my 39mm watch into the slot without the leather band scraping against the sides . You can see that the cushion pressed up against the side when you open the box , there is no give , very tight fit . The wood is nice looking and well built , only problem is the slots .
 I 'm not sure this is the best watch for nickel sensitive persons . The backing on the watch is stainless steel as well as the large clasp on the back . Otherwise the watch seems to work well.Addendum - I have been wearing this watch for about a month and have not developed allergy yet , it 's probable nickel free steel on the clasp .
 Here is my first impression of this watch ; The watch itself looks very nice and solid , decent finish for the price range we are talking about , and size and weight are good to my taste ; But IMO for this same price , or may be for a few dollars more I think you can get something perhaps not as `` eye catching '' as this watch is , but certainly something with a more modern Japanese or even Swiss movement.For instance
 The Watch Box did its job , for a less than a year , of very rare trips , before the zipper gave out . I can not , in good faith , recommend the item with sub-par quality components to carry fine watches .
 I 've been through two bands on this watch so I have to think now that it is n't of good quality . I like everything else about the watch ... it is lightweight , the band is comfortable , etc. . BUT , the band easily breaks near the watch face unit . I 've been through 2 in 2 years ! $ 33 a pop to fix it .
 I have previously purchased Skagen watches and they performed very good . The Brown Mesh watch went dead only two months after I received it . Skagen is a supposedly Denmark product . On the back of this one it said made in China . Go figure !
 i have had the watch glass replaced 3 times on this thing . what a waste of money . warranty support was n't great either . i wo n't be buying skagen again .
 I returned the watch because it was a man 's watch.I have not yet received my refund
 When I recieved the watch I noticed how light it was . It is a little on the big side . It states that the watch is stainless but the middle section of the band is shiney chrome not stainles . A good looking watch but too shiney for me .
 i ordered this watch , didnt recieve it , and then when i finally got ahold of the company about it they were out of stock
 I thought this looked cute and like a pretty good deal in the `` gold box '' section so sent it as gifts to 3 people ! Now is my face red ! The one sent to my house to give locally was as mentioned , cheap looking , very small , and the bands would only fit a tiny wrist ... guess I will learn to look for better name brand and no sales !!!! ... wish I could send back the ones others are getting in the mail as gifts but the deed it done , much to my shame and regret !!! Lesson learned !
 Very cute on the website and sounded like a good deal . But as they say if it sounds too good to be true it probably is . This set is very cheaply made and smalll . Not very cute in person either , the picture does it some good . I guess I learned my lesson on purchasing just off the picture .
 Get something nice ... be careful with the face plate . . if you dont put it properly you will end up loosing it . .
 Nicest feature about this watch set is the box ; the face is indeed `` rumpled , '' and the bezels are all marred by scratches or bits of peeling paint hanging from them . It 's also tiny , not as in fashionably small , but as in wo n't go around a human wrist . It 's perfect for a chihuahua , though , and not too pretentious . Wasting time even checking it out ; I 'm struggling to get reimbursed from Amazon after shipping it back . I used to believe Croton was a good company ; I 'm leery of trying their products again .
 I too purchased this watch set as a `` gold box '' deal and was very disapointed with the quality . I bought this as a graduation gift for a friend 's daughter and am now looking to just give her a check and will give this to my 10 year old daughter whom I think it would be more appropriate for . This is definately a childs watch set and should be marketed as such . FYI , the face on the watch I received appeared to be `` rumpled '' as the other reviewer remarked upon .
 This watch is smaller than it appears in the photo . The watchbands are very cheap-looking . The face behind the hands on mine was rumpled . I sent it back .
 Please DO NOT BUY WENGER Watches from this particular seller `` leisurePro '' . I paid 269.95 $ for an authentic Swiss Wenger Automatic Watch . I thought I got a good deal . It was too good to be true . But all I got is a counterfeited Wenger watch and the `` Swiss Cross Logo '' on the dial fell off right upon arrival . I can not believe that Amazon.com let these people sell counterfeited items . My trust in Amazon.com has shaken . This is the first time it happened to me receiving fake product and I have been Amazon.com customer for years .
 It 's a big piece of rubbery material strapped on your wrist . Not great in summer . It makes your wrist sweat and when you wash your hands the water stays under the band . It 's cool looking but not practical at all .
 I received this watch as a gift and it was great for about a year . However , when the time came to change the battery it was impossible to get the back onto the watch again . I have taken it to a Kenneth Cole dealer -LRB- Macys -RRB- , to a jewelry store and even to a watch repair shop ; no one can get the back of the watch back on.An internet search revealed that I am not the only one with this problem . All suggested solutions -LRB- some quite severe -RRB- have availed nothing ... disappointed ... I really liked this watch .
 The tools in this `` value package '' broke upon first use . They look good in the photograph , but they 're of very very VERY low quality . Steer clear of this company.One tip of the watch band remover just broke clean of -- the steel is not tempered . The watch band link remover is a piece of junk
 I will never order this brand of watch again . It was purchased as a Christmas gift - I did not receive the color I thought I ordered and on top of that the watch did not work . Had to go out after Christmas and purchase a new battery which added $ 8 -LRB- plus tax -RRB- to the cost .
 I liked the look of the watch . However , I was disappointed with it because it would not keep accurate time , even after having the battery replaced . I guess I received a `` dud '' for a watch .
 I purchased the Steinhausen TM483 on line and it broke down after 14 months . I contacted the Steinhausen company and they offered to fix it for $ 90.00 plus return shipping , which was getting close to the total cost of a new one . I 'd stay away from these as I expect alot more use out of a somewhat expensive winder than a 14 month period .
 DO NOT BUY A TISSOT ! I purchased the watch on a Royal Caribbean cruise ship out of Venice in July of 2007 . I LOVED the watch , and am a big outdoorsman that used the compass and altimeter , barometer -- everything a lot hunting bighorn sheep in the Rocky Mountains . I literally thought I could be a commercial for TISSOT TOUCH . Last summer the watch quit working , and then started again , it worked on and off for a few months intermittently stopping -- I assumed it was the battery and when it finally stopped for good I took it to my jeweler to have the battery replaced . He could not open it , which I discovered was a good thing because the warranty would have been void . I then contacted TISSOT through the website , and within a few days Veronica responded Friday , November 7 , 2008 , 9:14 AM . Since then I have been in touch with Time Tech , a referred watchsmith on your list , I sent them the watch -LRB- WITH a battery , since I expected that was the issue -RRB- only to discover after several weeks of persistence , that they do not work on the TOUCH and sent it away . It then took me quite some time to receive any further information as to where the watch went , who has it , what they are doing with it , when I will get it back . Of course , all this time , I was still thinking I had an $ 800 watch . I finally receive , after persistence once again , information that they sent it back to `` the factory '' and I can not call them because Time Tech sent it to them and is the customer , not me , so they will not talk to me . OK , fair enough , after all I am getting my watch fixed for free , it is a warranty issue obviously -- what happens next ? I receive an estimate for $ 400 , $ 245 minimum from TIME TECH . Where is the estimate from `` the factory '' or is the watch being repaired under warranty and Time Tech is charging me $ 245.00 to coordinate it ? Also , why could I not send it to the factory in the first place ? At this point I am thinking of tossing the watch and regretting the whole purchase -- I ca n't even sell it , it does n't work , and functional used one can be purchased for $ 290.00 on ebay -- that is what I am being charged just to get mine back . I have been told that I need to get the battery replaced about 1/year -LRB- ? -RRB- That seems like a pretty big hassle for an $ 800 watch . Did I make a mistake in buying TISSOT ? As cool as the watch is and as much as I loved it for one year , that is a pretty expensive short term investment .
 The touch screen broke after one 11 months of use . The local jewerly and tissot distributor says the warranty is not valid because Amazon did not stamp it . When I received the watch it comes with a `` International Warranty '' but it is not stamped and it come completely empty -LRB- no seller , no stamp -RRB- so it seeems it is no valid to claim the warranty.I have not used the watch for sports or I have not hit it with any object .
 Does not work does not work on batteriesWhen you plug it in it does turn but not enoughIt is good looking and useless .
 Had this just under a year . As noted elsewhere the battery operation is only a few days . I suppose the battery option is good if you are taking it with while traveling but for contined use the battery is not practical . In addition the battery door broke off the first time I opened it . Now just short of one year of use the winder has quit working all together . Would not recomend this at the price paid for less than one years use .
 It uses 4 AAA batteries.They last only 10 days . I used two sets of batteries that is eight batteries in twenty days.It is a good product if you want to spend $ 15.00 a month on batteries that is $ 180.00 a year.The only reason I bought it is because the winder said Battery or AC operation.I wanted to keep it in my Safe so I have to use it as battery operated . Right now I am using it with the AC adaptor plugged in and it runs fine outside the safe.It comes with no warranty I assume as there is no warranty information with the watch winder .
 Stopped working one day after the Amazon 30-day return window . This is a piece of junk . Do not waste your money or your sanity . Amazon should be ashamed for even displaying this item . Deserves zero stars .
 I purchased this as a gift , and , in less than 6 months , it stopped working .
 I bought this product 2 weeks ago . When it arrived , the product did not come with a very good condition . The plastic battery cover was broken . Also the inner plastic for the top cover came off . But I could fix that with the glue . However , the most critical thing was that it was missing the manual instruction . Without it , I did not know how to operate this thing which have with few switches on it . How can I get the manual instruction ? Aside from that , the product design is good .
 This is a nice looking watch winder . Construction is solid . The unit I received did not include any documentation whatsoever and it was missing the AC power adapter too . Too bad I had to send it back ...
 The watch is very nice , but if this is a `` mens standard '' length band , then Kenneth Cole must be produced in the land of the giants . I usually wear metal watches off the shelf , but this would need major adjustment -- it must be two or three inches too long and there is no apparent way to adjust it . Back it goes to Amazon .
 I bought this watch for my wife , which she had picked out personally on Amazon . Be warned , this watch is quite LARGE for a women 's watch , and could easily pass for a men 's watch if not for the femmy face styling .
 I bought this watch for my wife and paid a premium for quick service . The premium delivery -LRB- 1-3 day -RRB- service was regular US Mail . I finally found the watch in my post office box . Emails to the vendor went unanswered as did the phone . The watch came in an elegant box to match its priice , but there was no direction booket or warranty . However , there was a `` scrap '' of paper that included some brief directions that appeared as though they had been photo copied . I would not choose this vendor again . After getting over the frustration of receiving the watch my wife now enjoys wearing it ... but I will never purchase this type of product online from Amazon as I thought there would be higher level of service from a vendor at this price point .
 I bought this watch and within one month the band broke . I also noticed that it lost about 2 minutes per week . Then after having it for a little less than 9 months , the larger movement stopped working altogether . I notified Amazon who refered me to the seller , OmniWatches . The phone number just rang and rang and they never answered my e-mail . Enough said .
 This reference number
 Received as wedding gift , truly a beautiful watch . Been really happy with it , until I noticed that the watch was fast . As a matter of fact , it advanced 5 minutes every week ! When I sent the watch in , B&M ; claimed that the crown was broken and was out of warranty . I had to pay $ 350 . After they returned my watch , I noticed that this time , the watch was too slow !! This time , it was retarding by almost 5 minutes per week !! Then , before I was about to send it back , I noticed that while the crown turned , it was not doing anything . I sent it back , and this time they wanted $ 320 !!! And the watch and the previous repair were still under warranty !! Please , if you 're spending this amount of money on a watch , there are many nice-looking watches out there with real precision . For the record , I only wore my B&M ; watch as a dress watch , i.e. only on Sundays and holidays and special occasions . On the other hand , my weekday watch -LRB- which cost $ 170 -RRB- has been ticking for years and is relatively precise.Do not buy this watch .
 The Fossil FS4008 watch is a very handsome , no-frills watch with a dial I can see without my glasses . Initially I loved this watch , but after a few months , I discovered a serious design flaw that renders the FS4008 useless as a reliable timepiece.Most watches have a stem that you pull out to set the time . On this watch , though , you push the stem in to set the watch . And when the stem is in , the watch stops ! For a while , the resistance was great enough that I never noticed the backwards orientation . But after a couple of months I began finding my watch stopped several times a day . It has gotten to the point that I 'm setting my watch nearly every time I look at it ! Not exactly a desirable characteristic in a chronometer!Too bad , as this was a very pretty watch . Time for a 10-dollar Timex !
 It 's a big watch . At first i thought that the seconds keep scrolling was kinda cool but then after a while i just stopped looking at the watch all together . It gets really annoying . And then recently the second scrolling thing broke and now it 's just a grey screen , so now i use the watch again as it was meant to be used . I should have returned it .
 I agree with D. Rivest ! The watch is lightweight and looks nice on my small wrist BUT you CA N'T read the time . I hoped that I could adjust the brightness , but ca n't . I also thought to replace the battery in hopes to brighten the numbers . I should have sent the watch back .
 I bought this watch to use when I run . As almost all timex watches its design is very nice , light and practical , BUT on this model you CA N'T see the time unless you use the indiglo button day or night . The numbers are definitely not as bright as they appear on the screen of the computer . You have to move the watch to get direct light on it or else you do n't see anything - most likely because of the black background.I should have returned it for a different background color . I 'm not going to recommend to buy any watch with this black background color .
 This is/was a BIG disappointment ! I gave it one star ONLY because I had to give it something to complete the review - it is NOT worthy of any part of a Star !! Took it out of the package ; the watch was BRAND NEW but already looked worn and ratty . To make matters worse - the Security alarm was no louder than the micro-wave oven . Infact the oven was louder-DO NOT BUY THIS - Put it towards a real device like that duracell commercial touts .
 the detail information about the watch that not contained information about the black rubber circle surrounding the watch . If I knew about this feature I would have not purchase it .
 No embossing on back panel . What year is the watch ? Rolex Usually has a brand emboss on the rear . I do n't see one in these pics .
 This watch is not a Rolex it 's probabily a fakey . Do not buy this item . Well , buy it if you want to go around showing off a fake Rolex ... haha
 IT DOES NOT HAVE TRITIUM !!!! It will glow but you must charge it with a flashlight and will only glow bright for a little bit . Everything else is really nice about it ! Very lightweight ! My only gripe is the misrepresentation of the marketing of this product . I 'm keeping it but I really would have preferred one with Tritium .
 Crystals crack on their own in a very short time . Hamilton will not fix the problem . Their solution is for the watch owner to send them more money to upgrade to a better watch . Hamilton has proved to be a money pit . This review is for a mens field watch .
 I had to return this item twice . It came nicely boxed . The first one was not running so I set the time and it ran off and on . It kept stopping . I called the company and they nicely sent me a return slip and I returned that watch and asked them to send me another as I felt this was defective . When the second one arrived it was running . When I put it on and wore it for awhile it stopped running within two hours . I set the date and wore it for awhile . Off and on , it would stop like the other one did . I had to return a second one and this time asked for my credit card to be refunded . That was last week . I have n't heard from them yet .
 I purchased this watch from a department store a little over a year ago and less than a month goes by and the watch stops working ... the watch gets more and more behind . Thinking it 's the battery I bought a new battery but still the watch did n't work right . So I returned it to the store for a new one . The new one worked for just under a year and then began to lose time . Thinking again that it was the battery , I replaced that again and a few days later it was 45 minutes slow again . The company says they will fix it but I have to pay for all the shipping charges . I 'm not too happy with that -LRB- for one , I live overseas and they wo n't return the watch to me overseas -RRB- since it is the fault of their defective product . I 've owned only two fossil watches -LRB- this one , twice -RRB- and they have both been defective . I would hesitate to buy a Fossil watch now even though I previously heard good things about them .
 I purchased this watch on July 26th . After two or 3 days of the second hand moving every 2 seconds , on Sept 27th the watched stopped . I looked in the manual and it states the battery should last for 4 years . But the manual states that since the battery is placed in the watch at the factory to test functions and performance of the watch . And , it may be less than the specified period . With that said this leads me to believe I purchased a watch that was could be 3 years and 10 months old.The watch was sold by Inventory Adjusters , Inc. through Amazon . Since it is over 30 days Amazon will not honor a return . The Certificate of Authenticity from Inventory Adjusters , Inc guarantees the watch for a period of 1 year to be free of defects . And the guarantee does not cover batteries .
 Ordered 2 watches few days ago . Watch looks nice and the pricing is very attractive for a watch with perpetual calendar . Watch band looked a little bit wider than it looked in the pictures . Delivery of watches by WatchGrabber was very poor , one watch was DOA and the other one had scratches/dents on the band . I 've had much better experience with direct orders from Amazon .
 I got this watch for Christmas , and set it to the naval obervatory time at http://www.time.gov/ . One month later , it continues in lock step , exactly accurate . It 's also a very good looking timepiece .
 I was able to remove about 4 links and push 2 pins back in , then it quit working -- it would n't push the pins out anymore . The pin pusher was n't centered properly , and as I twisted the screw it moved around so much it was hard to get it centered onto the watch pin . This is a very cheap pin remover , not worth the money .
 this thing is a piece of junk . . i just got it out of the box . . and the pin that removes the links is already bent . . and i so far i have 1 link removed . . dont even waste your money on this piece of trash
 Seller sold me a unit that could not even resize the band for one watch , He told me in the initial email it could be defective unit , I think it is sellers responsibility to replace the defective unit . when I contacted about it to seller after initial email he just ignored it and never returned replies to my email , I will not buy anything from this seller again very poor service .
 Pin pusher is not securely held in place so it gets all bent and pushed back inside the pushing screw . Complete waste of money even if it 's just a few bucks . It was junk when I opened the box and should have returned it immediately . I tried to resize one Seiko Orange Monster bracelet and this `` Smart Tool '' failed . You have been warned . Stay away !
 You have line it up just right or the pin will curl ... cheap stuff . The hours you spent on lining up just right is not worth the effort as by the time you get it right , you scratched up your expensive watch already . Forgetaboutit .
 I bought this case with the hope that it would adequately house some of my larger watches , and because my collection has grown beyond my present storage capacity . My first case is nicely made with solid watch pillows , but it is just a bit on the shallow side , presenting a small problem with the larger models.This case is very well made . With a leather outer shell , larger depth and front to back dimensions , it is adequate for any size watches and worth the low price.On the plus side ; the individual watch compartments are more than ample for any size watch , even oversized ones . Too bad the maker CHINTZED out on the interior fabrication.On the negative side ; the accessory pocket is okay , but it would have been better placed higher on the lid . Positioned as it is , any contents , with even the slightest bulk pinch down upon the watch compartments below . The inner material is paper thin and the dividers seem to be made of a far too easily damaged material , perhaps some sort of cardboard . You ca n't expect wood dividers at this price , but come on -- the maker could have done better that cloth covered cereal box cardboard.Even this could be tolerated , if it were not for the horribly inferior , so-called `` watch pillows . These are easily the worst I have seen . Nothing more than flimsilly made , shaped cardboard boxes , covered with very thin velveteen flannel . They do not fit the watch compartments , not even close . And they are far too small in circumference to provide an adequate fit for even the smallest of watches . They should at least fit snuggly from side to side , but there are excessive gaps between the sides of the little round boxes and the sides of the watch compartments . Together , these deficiencies do not provide stable support for watches , too much opportunity for contents to bounce around , and literally poor protection in every respect . The watches just flop around , totaly unsupported and unsecured . Folded socks and a tupperware box would provide better protection.What started out to be a very nice leather travel case , ends up a very poor wannabe . Addition of some Baby Socks to the watch boxes may help to improve some of these deficiencies , but there 's no way to make that look anything but tacky . It 's too bad , because the basic case itself is very well made for a product in this price range.Overall I was very dissapointed in this product . Because I do not feel that I can trust it to safely secure my more expensive time-pieces , it has become the storage case for my less expensive , seldom worn wrist watches.As stated , the price is right , and I will experiment with a few retro-fit ideas . Perhaps with a bit of patience I will be able to turn it into a serviceable case . But overall , if I had it to do over again , I would choose a different product .
 Was very excited when I found this product and even more excited after reading the reviews.You can imagine my disapointment when I opened the box . For starters , the case is not leather like the descripton leads you to believe . It is a composite blend , that does not feel , smell nor look like real leather . In fact , one of corners was pealing up confirming the leather is not genuine.The look inside is not bad . I was pleased with that , but upon further inspection -LRB- like another review -RRB- , the interior material is cheap as well . Also , the latch does not line up so of course the ability to use the lock and key is missing.The description states `` Handcrafted '' and `` holds 10 of your finest watches '' . Well my fine Tag 's and Rolex 's will never see the inside of this . Do youself a favor skip this case . I will be returning immediatly .
 The description says the exterior is leather but it looks like plastic . Glued plastic . The interior is not exceptional but passable . Very dissatisfied .
 This hunter 's watch is indispensable for the guy who needs to know the temperature of his wrist 15-30 minutes ago . It also has a stopwatch and count down timer that you can use any time neither the hour hand nor the minute hand are obscuring it . To its credit , it 's pretty heavy , so it 's good exercise and may also have some use as in wrist-to-paw combat situations . As I understand it though , most hunters prefer to kill from a distance using a high power weapon . As a timepiece , I 'm sure it 's accurate , but setting the time is a pain
 dont waste ur money on this one , the review are all wrong !!! trust me
 The seller was great ; the items shipped fast . The product however was disappointing -LRB- I should have researched what they meant by small -RRB- . The earring broke the first time I attempted to put it in my ear and I suspect it was because of the type of closure it has . I 'd look for something different if you 're in the market for this type of earring .
 In the description , it didnt say these were TINY AND NOT ABLE TO WEAR IN THE EAR LOBE !! very disappointed .
 when they say small - they mean tiny ! they are about the size of an erase on the end of a pencil .
 I guess this is a case of you get what you pay for . The earrings are about 4 mm in diameter , and very cheap , the clasp does n't fit back into the hole .
 I did n't know they were so tiny . This item is for a baby . I wish the description would have clarified this ... damn
 What a friggen joke , these are sooo tiny that they could only be used as nose rings . I wish I had read the other reviews before I wasted my money .
 I 've had one of these for 5 yrs . I bought a more expensive watch -- gold highlights not goldplated because I thought I would have it for a while . The band first broke -LRB- the metal just wears away -RRB- about 2 years ago and eeked by under warranty . It just broke again the other day and the band costs $ 1600 -LRB- more than I paid for the watch -RRB- . I guess I 'll just stick a leather band on it and next time pay the extra and get a rolex .
 This is a very good looking watch , its a shame that it does not keep time at all , it is always hours off , even within the first 3 or 4 hours after you set it , terrible .
 Unfortunately there are not many Braille watches . This watch is great , but for the money we are lucky if the top of the glass will shut afte 3 months . You open the case -LRB- top glass or door -RRB- and feel the time . If the door does not close then the time mechinism does not work . So the door usually malfunctions 1 month to 3 months into owning this watch . Which for over $ 100 watch , that is very poor performance . My first Seiko watch lasted 1 year , the second 8 months , but the last 3 or 4 years the product has been very poor quality and I am lucky if it last 3 months . Verry upsetting for the Blind community !
 My husband wore this watch for about 6 months when the case broke -LRB- it was still under their warranty -RRB- . The watch cover fell off . I sent the watch back to Seiko for repair , and they told me the CASE was NOT covered under their warranty . The repair department wanted $ 190 to repair the case . The watch only cost $ 150 . What kind of warranty is that?Don ' t buy this watch . It is a piece of junk , and the manufacturer wo n't stand behind their product . What a dissappointment . What a fraud .
 About 9 months ago , I sent in my watch to the Tag Heuer factory service center to have them fix the loose clasp and replace it if necessary . The clasp continues to be loose and , since I do n't wear the watch often , I believe the factory service technicians did a poor job of repairing my watch.Since I had sent the watch in 9 months ago , I asked them how I could just buy a clasp and have the local authorized jeweler replace it on my watch . Despite having my repair history on record , the Tag Heuer factory said this was not possible and I would have to pack , send , insure , and probably wait another 2-3 months to get it back , as well as pay taxes and the return shipping.I then asked the local authorized jeweler about replacing the clasp only and they said the CLASP ONLY -LRB- i.e. , not the whole band -RRB- would cost $ 200 to $ 300 -- they could n't give me an exact quote , for reasons I am not sure of . Plus , I 'm sure they would require me to have them install the new clasp . At this point , I was very disappointed that both of these repair options seemed too onerous and expensive , JUST FOR A CLASP!The bottom line is that Tag Heuer makes you jump through a lot of hoops and charges an arm and a leg for very simple repairs.Ultimately , I was able to go to -LSB- ... -RSB- where I bought an OEM replacement watch band -LRB- the whole band , not just the clasp -RRB- for $ 395 , including overnight shipping and taxes .
 Tag Heuer Aquaracer Automatic - forget it - not worth the money . Even if wound and you wear the watch it does not run for more than 8 hours . Was told by the salesperson the reserve is 30 - 40 hours . The watch never continue for that duration . When contacted Tag Heuer customer service , what a joke . I could return the watch for ` repair ' at my expense . Please understand the watch is less than a month old . Talk about a run around from customer service . What ever happed to customer service?Save you hard earned money buy anything besides a Tag - more hype than anything else . You would think Tag would help resolve the issue - nope .
 This watch should have a warning label for rain storms ! If you read the Invicta pitch it says the pro divers have a screw down crown . Not only is this feature missing on the 8934A , the insides are cheap plastic ! I am extremely disappointed with this watch . It 's my second and probably my last unless I can verify a screw down crown and metal internals prior to purchase.Unfortunately I ca n't post pics from the IPad so I 'll try later from the desktop.I was n't expecting a top end time piece but I did expect more . The MSRP tag of $ 275 in the watch box is a total joke . I would n't touch this watch for more than $ 50 . It has the same insides as a cheap New York city fake.Hope this helps you all !
 PURCHASED IN NOVEMBER 2009 . STOPPED WORKING IN JULY 2010 . . RETURNED FOR WARRANTY REPAIR JULY 2010 . SUPPOSEDLY REPAIRED AND RETURNED TO ME 1-5-2011 -LRB- 6 MONTHS -RRB- INVICTA `` CLEANED THE WORKS AND INSTALLED A NEW BATTERY '' AT A COST OF $ 25 `` TO COVER POSTAGE AND HANDLING '' . JUST QUIT AGAIN AFTER ONE DAY . . BUY ANYTHING ELSE BUT AN INVICTA . . REAL TRASH ... !!!! RETURNED FOR SERVICE JAN. 13TH 2011 SINCE IT DID NOT WORK ... JUST RECEIVED BACK 4-6-2011 AND GUESS WHAT ???? FROZE UP AFTER 14 MINUTES AND QUIT ... I GIVE UP !!! I 'LL NEVER HAVE ANYTHING TO DO WITH THIS RIPOFF OUTFIT -LRB- INVICTA -RRB- AGAIN AND ADVISE YOU TO AVOID THEM LIKE THE PLAGUE ... BUY FROM A LEGITIMATE MERCHANT ... . I CANT UNDERSTAND WHY AMAZON.COM WOULD HAVE ANYTHING TO DO WITH THEM ... I 'LL HAVE TO TAKE MY BUSINESS ELSEWHERE ...
 I bought this watch because I had one once before and it worked fine . But this watch worked for one day , and now I have to wind it every 15 minutes or it stops running . I cant believe Amazon.com is selling this watch knowing it has problems . And it seems I 'm not the only one that has a problem with this watch . !! One day out of the box and it 's useless . I know it was a small price but , its a waste of metal !!!
 The very first time I wore this watch the claps on the band feel apart.I contacted the seller requesting a replacement band.After a week I have heard nothing from the seller.Since the watch is now unwearable -LRB- unless I go to a jeweler and replace the band at additional cost -RRB- I now want to return it foa arefund.I am very concerned that if the band is so badly constructed , then so is the watch.I am also disappointed in the lack of a response from the seller - this is unacceptable customer attention .
 I bought this watch for my wife as a gift , she is a horticulturist , and spends many days working in the field . Normal wrist watches are uncomfortable because the band collects sweat , dirt and grime . A belt watch seemed like the ideal gift , and I thought Swiss Army guaranteed quality . Well , on the first day , she was not working for an hour when she noticed the watch was missing from her belt . Fortunately , she was able to retrace her steps and recover it . It was clear that the stud and punched leather strap was not up to the task of keeping the watch on her belt in an active work environment . The solution was rather simple and just involves placing the same kind if clasp in the belt loop strap as already exists on the watch pouch itself . I am referring to the chrome band which keeps the watch pouch strap closed . I called both Princeton Watches and Swiss Army customer service directly and explained the problem and the resolution . The only suggestion was to return the watch for a replacement , which obviously would not solve the problem . So now my wife has a $ ... Swiss Army belt watch tied together with a twisty tie from a loaf of bread . This is the first and last watch I will ever buy from Swiss Army .
 Es un reloj con un dise & ntilde ; o exelente , pero consume mucha bater&iacute;a y a cada rato se resetea y pierde la hora . No lo recomiendo .
 I wore the watch on vacation.It got wet and stopped working.I would not buy this again .
 Not to satisfied with this watch . Bought the watch for the digital , but thought the watch would be better looking than it is.Also the light for the digital is a waste !
 I purchased this watch for my husband for Father 's Day , then I went out of town for several days to visit family . When I got back from my trip , my husband had not worn the watch because it did n't work . By the time I found the paperwork from where I had hidden it , the 14-day return limit had expired . We think it 's the battery , and since we own other Seiko watches , we know that no one can change a Seiko battery but Seiko . So , this watch will have to be mailed to Seiko and a service charge paid before my husband can enjoy this gift !
 I bought two watches , including this one , from the same company for Christmas . Within a week both had stopped working . Save your money .
 I ordered this watch and recieved it with a grey face , not a blue face as described and pictured . I explained the problem and asked for a replacement watch , and got the same watch again . Amazon said there is nothing they can do to fix this problem , so I recommend that you do not order this watch !
 Upon reciving the time piece , i juged that everything , was allright.One week later i left home in P R and came to TAMPA for Surgey while checking the time in the PLANE i notticed that the neddle that marks the day of the week was hanging loose next to the marker for 10 -LRB- A.M -RRB- . please advive on how to proceed , to get my money back , and return this item at once .
 At first the watch looks good . After two weeks of useage , the watch start to stop working once in a while . I thought it was the battery . Changed the battery , still same problem . I bring it back . The watch repair guy said the inside of the watch might be dirty causing the battery not to make contact . He open the watch , and point to the plastic core . He explained that due to tear and wear , tiny plastic particles will make the inside dirty . He oiled and clean the watch . So far , it is working . At this price , I expect more . Also , the shinny finish is easy to get scratched .
 A nice looking watch except for the fact that the writing at the bottom of the face os crooked , which spoils the appearance and it 's hard to set because there 's not enough friction in the stem . The slightest movement while holding the watch with the stem pulled out causes the minute hand to move making it hard to get it aligned with the minute marker . Plus , for a quartz watch , it slows down about a minute a week.I 'm thinking it is either defective or they are selling factory seconds .
 This is a nice men 's watch , but quite small . It 's good looking , and a great price on Amazon , but it stopped working after about a day . The mechanism is obviously inexpensive , and I think the crown simply did n't seat properly . -LRB- The crown is NOT screw down , as noted in earlier reviews -RRB- . The good news is that , as usual , it was easy to return via Amazon . I got a slightly more expensive watch from Invicta to replace this one . The new watch is really BIG , and I 'll review it separately .
 I bought this for my wife . I liked the look and styling of the watch . However , I bought it for her to use the bezel to time her exercise . I had a heck of a time turning the bezel . Also , the seconds hand was not aligned well with the seconds ticks around the dial - did not like that as well . I sent it in for warranty repair and it was returned with both items not repaired . I guess this level of quality was found to be normal for this watch .
 Bought this watch as a present for my girlfriend Dec 2009 . I know was n't buying a Rolex but I did expect it to last at least a few months or gasp , at least 1 year ! 6 months on the dot , the bezel falls off . We did n't even notice until later as it was n't dropped or bumped against anything , it just fell off . Shoddy manufacturing I guess . As usual I guess for these types of companies , nothing is actually covered under the warranty so the bezel will need to fixed at an extra charge , in addition to the shipping and handling fees , which come out of the customer 's pocket . All in all , it will require 50 % of the purchase price just to get this fixed as the warranty does not cover anything . Stay away from Invicta watches , you 're better off buying a 10 $ Timex from your corner store . Heck , you 're better off buying with a dollar store watch in terms of value for the money !
 I collect watches . Of all the watches I own , this is my absolute least favorite . In fact , I guess I do n't technically own it now since I loaned it to a friend because she needed a waterproof watch , and I have n't gotten it back . I 'm not terribly upset at all.Positive
 I just noticed this weekend that the pin that holds the saftey clasp has a broken end , meaning it could fall out at any time and render the clasp useless . I will update this review as I go through the customer service process with Invicta . Screw their warranty , I 'm not paying $ 25 for them to fix a pin , I simply want to return my watch and wash my hands of Invicta -LRB- see below -RRB- . On a side note , the 8932 -LRB- men 's version -RRB- did n't survive being worn in the shower the first month . No moisture was seen inside the dial , but at almost one month after receiving it , the watch simply stopped working . Fortunately Amazon took it back .
 As a collector of Watches and the Invicta brand , this watch looks great . The Gold color is bright . Unfortunately , the watch feels cheap and lite.The INVICTA Pro Diver watches are incredible values for the money . And if you can find a Pro Diver Reserve brand then you will be extremely happy .
 I BOUGHT FROM A SALES PARTNER FROM AMAZON , WACHTGRABBER , AND DID N'T RECEIVE THE PRODUCT BECAUSE UPS DELIVERED TO SOMEONE ELSE THAT WAS NOT INDICATE ON THE ORDER AND I DO N'T KNOW THE PERSON THAT RECEIVED , THEREFORE I DID N'T RECEIVED THE WATCH . IN CONTACT WITH AMAZON I WAS TOLD TO SOLVE THIS MATTER WITH THE VENDOR AND THE VENDOR -LRB- WACHTGRABBER -RRB- TOLD ME THAT WAS NOT THEIR PROBLEM IF THE PRODUCT WAS DELIVERED TO SOMEONE ELSE , THEY ASKED ME TO CONTACT UPS . UPS DID N'T ANSWER MY E-MAIL . SO AMAZON HAVE SOME TERRIBLE PARTNERS AND THE COSTUMERS PAYS FOR THE DELIVERER PROBLEM . I PAYED AND DID N'T RECEIVED THE WATCH !!! I 'M TRYING TO RECOVERY THE MONEY SINCE AUGUST 25 ...
 I purchased this watch in February . It is not water resistant -LRB- as advertised -RRB- , it has stopped working -LRB- not the battery -RRB- and the crown has come off.I contacted the seller , TimeZone123 , who basically said tough luck.Very disappointing .
 The watch is really pretty I love the color of the band , but it 's a little too big and heavy for a ladies watch and I wish the face of the watch should not be so light . It would blend in a little better with the band if it was darker
 I 've had this watch for about 6 months now and have loved it . I love the style , function , and colors . My only complaint is with the strap . It has a thin , cheep layer of nylon stitched over the length of the top side , with wide holes punched in it for the buckle . This layer of nylon is not held to the other layers of the strap around the buckle holes , so it has room to stretch , fray , and tear off . After this happens the layer below comes out , because it is not even stitched in at all - only held by the nylon . When that happens , you are left with one layer of nice , but thin brown leather that is not strong enough for a strap -LRB- not to mention , it looks like crap at this point -RRB- . To make a long story short - the strap sucks and WILL need to be replaced , but it can only be replaced by one made just for this watch since it uses a non-standard mounting system -LRB- no off the shelf straps will fit this -RRB- . I 'm going to be returning mine and getting a different watch .
 I purchased this watch for my husband , who was in need of it for work . I was thankful that it arrived in time for me to ship it out to him with the package I was shipping the following day . I looked over it to make sure that everything was complete , only to see that the mode/next button on the left hand side is missing , there is just a hole there . I am completely frustrated and waiting for a response from the company . My advise - be careful a great price could mean a defective item .
 I bought this watch because it was a great price , I 've owned several Seiko watches . When I received it , it was running and the DATE was wrong and the DAY was half way between two days . I was able to adjust to the correct DATE but the DAY would not move , the stem would only turn with no results.I called them an was advised to return it for a replacement , which I did . They processed it very quickly but the replacement watch had the same exact problem -LRB- or they returned my original watch -RRB- . I let it run overnight and the DAY moved from the half day position and I was able to set the DAY correctly . About four hours later I tried to make sure it was working and when I went to set the DAY but it would only move half way between DAYS Then the Stem would just spin . I let it set overnight and it move to the next DAY and I was able to adjust it correctly.I will probably have to do this at the end of every 31 day months . I 've kept the watch because I do n't want to keep sending it back to only receive another defective one . NOT A HAPPY CAMPER !
 I bought this item to go diving with , it had a depth rating above what I recreational dive . And I do n't have to take off in the pool . I went in the pool , did n't see any water in unit , and the battery went dead , I was told to replace the battery , it worked for about 15 minutes after I replaced battery . Not sure what the problem is , but I 'm gon na go back to Freestyle watches .
 wrong picture , picture is swiss army infantry model watch not movado 604122 .
 I had been looking forward to wearing my new Movado watch ... however , it did not work and I had to return it . I am hoping for a replacement that is functional . It is beautiful and I would love it , I 'm sure , if it worked !
 Battery replacement is crazy , after 3 years I had to send it in to Movado and the replacement for the battery is $ 204 dlls . I paid $ 227 which was a great deal , so I 'm almost paying for another watch just to replace the battery . Do n't get me wrong the watch looks great , it is n't as big as mosth watches and since I have small wrists this is perfect for me . But the Battery Replacment is very expensive
 The watch face is very small - resembles a ladies watch . It is a good idea to measure the face of a watch you like and then look at the dimensions of the watch you want . I learned a valuable lesson .
 This was bought as a gift for a male friend and I returned it to them because it was much too dainty for a man . It is a beautiful watch and I think it would make a great gift for a woman too .
 DO NOT BUY A MOVADO !! THEY DO NOT HONOR THEIR WARRANTY AND THE REPAIRS ARE OUTRAGEOUS !! TERRIBLE SERVICE !!
 If you try and get a battery it must be sent back to them at a cost of $ 35.00 plus Fed Ex or UPS and $ 15.00 service fee . The battery luckily last about 1 year . Then plan on them telling you your band and case needs work . Their estimate for a $ 450.00 watch was $ 347.45 not including shipping charges back to me . Please do not let them rip you off !
 This is a very nice watch , but there seems to be some inherent problem with the band . After being used for 2 weeks , the band fell off the watch face for no reason . Amazon gave me an exchanged new watch after that , but unfortunately the same thing happened again after less than a month of using the 2nd watch . It 's really an unhappy experience with the same problem , especially when you purchase this watch as a birthday gift for your dearest one ! I hope Movado has noticed this problem and made some improvement . Anyway , the style of the watch is still very attractive .
 I ordered this based on the review that proceeded me . I had done a search for a heart rate chronograph and this was one of many choices . I had ordered it for the HRM and the chronography . There was no HRM as believed and the ability to program the watch was very difficult to a `` beginner '' like me . The buttons were very small and it almost took a hammer to get them to move . Although the band was water-resistant , to me it felt flimsy and like it could break at any time . Perhaps others have better figured this watch out , though for me , it was not . I have decided to look for something more practical and not so `` up-to-date '' .
 This watch is considerably thicker than most Movado watches . I 've had it 2 weeks and already have scratches on the bezel which is made of a very thin chrome plating . I do not recommend this watch .
 I ordered this item on August 12th from `` Watch Savings '' as a gift for my girlfriend . It arrived a few days later however it was not working the second hand was not moving and as such it did not keep time . I called customer service and informed them about the issue . The representative told me that they were `` having problems with these watches '' so I could return it without issue . This was Friday the 17th , they assured me that I would have a new watch delevered to me on that Monday August 20th , and while upset I agreed . In the mean time they charged me for for both the broken watch and the watch that they were allegedly shipping me . Monday came and went , as well as Tuesday without hearing anything.I called them again only to realize that some times they refer to themselves as Watch Savings , and some times they refer to themselves as Jomashop . At any rate I was told that nobody ever told me that I would have the watch by Monday , because they do n't even have any in stock -LRB- at this point in not so many words calling me a liar . -RRB- I was assured again that they were receiving the shipment of new watches that Thursday and I would receive a watch that Friday or Saturday . That Monday I called again watchless . Keep in mind this was a gift for my girlfriend 's birthday which was now over a week past . I was then told that they did n't receive the shipment yet , but her manager assured me they were receiving it `` any day now . '' Called a few more times during the week and could only get anyone to tell me `` any day now . `` So here it is September 4th , the birthday gift is almost three weeks late , and I am assuming that they have yet to even ship it . Any time that I call it 's as if I am bothering them but inquiring about the watch that I paid for a month ago . Please do yourself a favor and avoid ordering anything from Watch Savings / Jomashop or whoever they are pretending to be this week . I plan on reporting them to the better business bureau and have already voiced to Amazon my feelings on them . The watch is available for not much more through other sellers .
 I have asked what was wrong several emails , 2 ordered 2 different ones and they did n't work.What was wrong with the watch ??? It is a beautiful watch , I would love to own one , but they did n't work.I would buy another if you sent it working .
 This watch was given to me as a gift . My grandmother bought it at Zales , and it was pre-owned , 1st of all , they did n't tell her it was pre-owned . I checked the ticket because the steel around the sphere was scratched . When we went back to the store to exchange it , she bought me a new one , I wore it right then , and at the end of that very same day -LRB- I wore it for like 2 hours -RRB- , it already had two scratches ! And all `` physical action '' I did was drive -LRB- if you can call that a `` physical action '' -RRB- . I really do take good care of it , I wanted it to last years because it is a gift ; now I do n't know if maybe it 'd be better to return it ! When I went to exchange it , I could n't exchange it for another model because I just fell in love with the Amorosa model , but what 's the point of having a beautiful watch if you know that in tops , 1 year , all of its stainless steel will be scratched and unshiny ...
 I purchased this watch for my wife for christmas.It is supposed to be water resistant.I already is getting moisture under the crystal if it gets wet at all , she does not swim with it.Now it has to be sent off to be repaired.I am hoping the moisture will not affect the watch in the future.movado would warrenty for life , amazon 's is 5 years .
 You spend $ 500 on a watch and it comes with a dead battery ? What is with that ? I suggest you do not have this gift wrapped and check . Luckily I got this as a birthday present for my wife and checked it prior to giving it to her . Might be a little disappointing on Christmas morning to open this up and have a non runner.Otherwise nicely , but heavily made . Might be too much for a small woman 's wrist . My wife , who is 5 ' 3 '' with a delicate build , may return it for another . We both think it is a little big for her . The band is over 1/2 inch wide.Update
 The watch is very pretty . Was very pleased when it came ... did n't realize it was not running . Had no idea a vendor would send a watch that did not run . Watch was opened on Christmas day and did not run ... pretty embarrassing way to gift my wife . I hope it 's just a dead battery . I 'm going to have to bring it in to a watch shop for a new battery , which will run another $ 20 . Saw that this issue occured for several other customers of a different Movado model -LRB- Tereno # 0604585 -RRB- I 'm not pleased AT ALL that Amazon and/or their supporting vendors would send a watch that does not run ... or did not disclose that the watch did not come with a battery .
 This watch is NOTHING like the picture whenI ordered it . The packaging is poor and the return address is distorted ! I want to return it but do not know the entire address . What should I do ?
 I liked the looks of the watch , but i found the face too large for my wrist , therefore i returned it .
 I wore this watch every day for almost a year , it was great until condensation began forming under the crystal.Then the second hand came off , yikes .
 The workmanship of the watch is superb but , the dial is extreemly hard to read
 I bought this watch as a gift to myself after I did not receive a watch for Christmas . I purchased in January , and now in March I find that it keeps losing time . So took it to Walmart -LRB- where I bought it -RRB- to get a new battery thinking it was just a bad battery ... still not keeping time . Now I do n't have a receipt or the box it came in and can not return it after just having 3 months . Very disappointed in Armitron watches . I wasted 30-something dollars for nothing .
 I had to return this watch because the band was too small and tight for me to wear comfortably . Actually the entire watch was smaller than I had pictured it so was disappointed .
 Let me start off by saying that the 1 star I am giving is not for the performance of the watch but the packaging I received it in . I actually sent this watch back . The packaging for the watch seemed old , the watch case had spots on it , on top of that there was no plastic film covering over the dial . I had ordered it as a christmas present for a friend of mine and there was no way our friendship was going to last if I gave this watch in that worn looking package/case . It seemed like a nice watch although a bit heavy ...
 Our Movado watch does not function correctly . The stem changes the time even when it is not pulled out . Considering how much this costs I expected better .
 I love this watch , it is beautiful and elegant and looks very expensive . I like that it is so light to wear , it hardly feels like I am wearing a watch at all . I highly recommend it .
 the watch I ordered said `` diamond accented '' silver-tone bracelet . the tag clearly says `` crystal '' . either the add is incorrect or the tag attached is wrong.call a spade a spade !
 Color faded in few months . It was a gift to my Aunt and when I saw ger after few months it was shocking to see the watch color is gone and looked so cheap and bad .
 I received watch yesterday and its not working . I dont know if it is battery issue but its not working.No use of this watch for me . I dont have time to return it back as I am traveling back to india tomorrow : -LRB- Its aweful , wasted my money .
 I did not receive the blue band silver studio watch with the crystal detailing . I received a goldtone watch with two -LRB- black and red -RRB- changeable bands . I am quite upset that I was sent the wrong watch . At the time I purchased it , there was only listed in this vendor 's inventory . I assumed more than likely someone else received the `` blue watch '' and I just was was given what was leftover .
 I was very excited when i got this watch . stylish and recieved a lot of compliments . But after six months , the watch strap broke off and apparently the `` warranty '' does n't cover the strap , the face , anything ! i would need to pay around 40 dollars to fix it plus the shipping . I was very disappointed .
 I love the watch but it was not the pink band that I ordered , I got a brown band but I am not sure if I should bother to send it back or not .
 This is exactly the watch I wanted -- small , pretty , mixed metal , excellent price . Unfortunately , unlike every other link band I 've ever owned , it 's not possible to remove links to make it smaller . There 's a tiny bit of adjustment in the clasp , but that 's it . Needless to say , I returned it . At least Amazon makes * that * easy !
 Only 2 stars for this watch . While i do not own this particular brand , i do own a Planet Ocean 2200.50.00 which has the DOUBLE ANTI GLARE -LRB- anti glare on inside and outside of crystal -RRB- . The watch looks great , no complaints about that.Take note before you buy any of these watches from Omega that have the Double anti glare . THEY SCRATCH EASILY !! Mine scratched after 2 months and Omega will not warranty it . In fact , if you go to their website , they do n't even have a customer service number and it states this : `` Due to the considerable interest shown in the OMEGA brand , our staff is answering an unprecedented number of inquiries . Therefore , you should expect a response time of at least four weeks . We thank you for your patience and understanding . '' ONLY THROUGH EMAILI feel that after spending $ 4000 on a watch , that they should replace it or at least re-imburse the cost . They do not and will not , so you are stuck with a scratched watch.Save your bucks and get a ROLEX or Tag . Customer service on these Omega 's are NILL !
 I purchased a Skagen Women Watch and also a Skagen Men Watch to give as gifts to my sister and nephew . Although I 've been buying from Amazon for some time -LRB- mainly books -RRB- , this is my first experience in buying Skagen Watches . The quality of those watches is very poor . The strap of the Men Watch came apart not very long after my nephew got the watch from me as a gift . I 'd have expected better quality for the price I paid . This is the reason why I 'm giving only one star to Shagen Watches .
 I 'll be short and sweet , but to the point . The watch in a nutshell is alright in terms of uniqueness ... however , it has poor quality ! the Glass covering -- easily -- gets smudged , fogged , and scratched . I bought this watch 3 months now and it 's already accumulated the 3 MAJOR setbacks listed above . In addition , the -LSB- pin -RSB- that holds the band together sucks !!!!!!!!!! i was washing my clothes 2 weeks in wearing it , and it was etched slightly as i was feeding clothes in the machine and broke off . I spoke to customer service for a replacement . They were mean and unhelpful and told me >> > that 's my problem < < < and that the only way to fix it is to pay for a new pin which cost $ 7.89 . so no ! do n't get this watch ! it 's not all that . I have n't even receive 1 compliment from it w/in the 3 months upon purchase . lol .
 I purchased this watch in August . Two weeks ago it stopped working . Actually it would work , then stop . I thought it was the battery so I replaced it today . It was n't the battery . It 's still stopped.I 'm going to try to return it , but do n't know how to do that on Amazon . Even so I would caution anyone who is considering this watch . As nice looking as it is , as light as it is , the old adage is true - you get what you pay for .
 Color of face not white , but silver . Also , dial size is larger than size given in item description . Item was returned .
 I give this watch a two-star . It 's not a bad looking watch . Very slim and lightweight . But it 's not a white dial . It 's a silver dial . So it 's not what it was advertised to be . And , this is my second Skagen that arrived with a bad battery . I replaced the battery on the first watch at my expense . I 'll probably return this watch .
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas , and I am really disappointed in the quality of the band . It is very cheap ! I realize this is not an expensive watch , but I would never purchase another one . He gave me one too , and same thing ... cheap band . It keeps good time and is very thin , but not at all what I expected .
 I do n't like your showing because I had seen a beautiful watch and you sent another one !! Could you send an e-mail about that ?
 I order this watch reference number 233XLSGS as you can see in the catalog , the watch is copper color , I received a silver - stainless color.I send an email to Amazon for they to correct the mistake , they tried and send me another watch but they send to me the wrong watch again , now I got two watches exactly alike and these are not the watches I ordered.In addition the belt buckle on the first one kept coming lose.Some one is not doing his or her job.Harold Holguin504 362-5492
 I 'm not sure what the problem was with this watch , but I had a jeweler replace the battery twice , and still did n't work
 purchased it for $ 61 in late 2007 and as the surface of the crystal is raised above the rim face it cracked upon contact with a surface . Repair is $ 31 plus shipping . Two months after repair the crystal , which is made of glass , and not hardened plastic developed multiple cracks and the band pin dropped off . This watch is too delicate and so is strictly for dress up .
 Firstly I am not rating the watch since I never recived it ! BUYER BEWARE of PURCHASING ANYTHING FROM JOMASHOP ! I 've left `` Seller Feedback '' but they only let you use 400 characters , which is why I 'm doing it here . My husband loved this watch and wanted it for christmas . So before ordering it thru a `` third-party '' I read all the reviews . Jomashop seemed to be a good merchant . -LRB- now I 'm thinkg they may have been `` staged '' reviews -RRB- So I purchased the Skagen watch December 10th , 2009 . I checked a week later , no watch . A week after that no watch . Since the delivery schedule stated I would receive it on or before 12/21 I decided to call 12/23/09 . It being the holidays , I expected a bit of a delay . So I called Jomashop proper . I spoke to a man named `` Salaman '' -LRB- spelled phonetically , and it seemed like a made up name -RRB- who practically tore my head off answering the phone . I asked if he would please track my order . He brought up the order , read all the information back to me -LRB- which was correct -RRB- and curtly told me someone would have to call me back and hung up on me ! This was supposed to be my husbands one and only christmas gift . I 've called back Jomashop twice -LRB- 12/28 , and 12/29 -RRB- and now all I get is an answering machine which states heavy call volume and it will not let you leave a message / or voicemail . Jomashop is SHADY!UPDATE via Amazon
 I bought this item online and thought the price is right and hope the watch should work BUT I am totally disappointed ... the watch starts to run erratically and some days it stops running completely . I tried to have a new battery replaced and YET it still does not run properly and even Stop running again.I returned it in couple weeks and promised to myself that I will not buy this watch online again ever through Amazon . I even paid extra shipping/handling just to return the darn watch . I love buying stuff online through Amazon but NOT particularly this kind of watch . Stay away from buying this watch online Shoppers !!!
 A beautiful watch , the flatest crystal . Do not buy it . I own 4 . All 4 crystal shattered in very short order . I replaced 2 of them -LRB- at $ 25 ea -RRB- through Skaggen and eventually gave up . 4 watches , 6 crystals later , I 'm done with Skaggen . Let 's hope they do n't start building cars ...
 I had the watch about a half year and it died . I just stopped for no good reason.The watch looks great but the quality was terrible . I will never buy another Skagen .
 This watch is ridiculously heavy , and even so it 's a dud as a diver 's watch , which it earnestly claims to be . I took it down just thirty feet and it let water in . Returned it to the store where I bought it for full refund and good riddance to bad rubbish .
 I am very disappointed with this watch . First , the instruction manual is indecipherable . It has very little to do with this actual watch . Second , although I am familiar with GPSr 's and the problems with lost signals in adverse terrain , it is unacceptable that this watch wipes out all previous data every time it loses the GPS signal -LRB- which it does a lot , even under for what are ideal conditions for other GPSr 's -RRB- . So much for the `` distance '' function .
 When I first got this watch I would go to a local park and run one or two laps at 2.2 miles per lap . The first five or six times I did this run , the watch was perfectly accurate with both the pace and the distance . Last time I ran two laps the watch measured the distance out to be 4.6 miles , .2 of a mile long , and earlier today it measured one lap out at 2.44 miles , a full quarter of a mile off over just 2.2 miles . Its just not reliable .
 I 'm disappointed.Due to limits of gps accuracythe short term speed data -LRB- at running speeds -RRB- is so noisy it 's useless.My pace varied + / - 1 minute/milewhile running at a steady 7 min/mile pace.The average speed is a bit more helpfulbut sort of useless towards the end of a long run.You 'd think they 'd have tested this outand created a moving average to smooth out the data.Also there 's no option to display your position.It is a GPS -- seems an easy thing to addand could be very helpful in a pinch!The GPS receiver itself is a bit cumbersome : uncomfortable bouncing with the belt strapand picked up interference from my heart rate monitor.Wearing the GPS receiver on the arm bandrather than the belt clip is a bit uncomfortable at first , but you can get used to it , the bouncing is eliminated , and there 's no interference with the heart rate monitor.I have the feeling that you may get some hand and wrist swelling from the arm strap for long runs -LRB- 3-4 hours -RRB- . On the positive side , the distance data is accurate -LRB- over more than very short distances -RRB- . Compared to heart rate monitor , which can revolutionize your work out , I 'd call this an over priced running gadget , rather than a serious work out tool.I suggest waiting until the prices come down , the speed data is smoother , and GPS data is included.-bill
 What a good concept , a GPS wrist watch . If it only worked.First , if you live in a city with tall buildings -LRB- like New York City -RRB- , good luck getting a constant signal . The GPS receiver only works with a very clear -LRB- not just clear -RRB- view of the sky . Also , hiking in the woods poses a problem for the unit which is much more tempermantal than conventional GPS systems and like buildings is effected by trees and mountains.Despite Timex 's claims that it can work under a light garment , I found that to really work , the GPS receiver must be totally exposed . The unit also had difficulty working in poor weather.I also noticed a significant delay in registering changes in speed and , on several occasions , the unit would show that I was moving between 2 and 2.3 mph when I was totally still . It even showed movement when the GPS receiver was placed on the ground.If you want to see how fast you are going or how far you went , use a conventional GPS which are more reliable and which unlike the GPS 100 can tell you where you are and where you have been .
 I ordered this watch last week to run a marathon with . Today I am sending it back because it is very disappointing.The good : - Small , easy to wear transmitter - Easy set up - The displayed total mileage is very accurate -LRB- as long as there is a satellite signal -RRB- The bad : - The transmitter lost the satellite signal numerous times during my 4 mile test run , making the displayed pace meaningless . - The running pace fluctuated wildly even with the `` smoothing '' function on . I ran at an even pace , the one displayed by the watch was way too slow -LRB- I know my pace -RRB- . - The connection to the satellite signal was very weak as soon as I ran below trees and was totally lost when I entered my street and ran between houses . Thew weather was not a factor because it was a clear and sunny morning . - The pace is displayed in miles per hour not in minutes per mile -LRB- the way every runner measures his or her pace -RRB- . - The stop watch only displays split times and not split and total time simultaneously which is a problem if you are running a race.Conclusion : This watch is for gadget lovers and not for real athletes . If you belong into the second category , do n't spend your money on this watch .
 I have had this watch fall off my arm in a busy intersection and again it just fell off my arm sitting at my desk at work . The screws that hold the band onto the watch keep untightning.I have had the watch for 4 months and do not wear it daily because I have a collection of watches . The screws were unavailable at target the first time they fell out . Had to order them from Timex . Now again I have to call Timex to have the screws shipped . Took 4 weeks . I plan to throw this watch away and invest only in craftman workman ship on all next watch purchases . Alway been happy with Timex , but this one is a bad seed .
 I noticed that waranties are not the same between Canada and the United States ; In Canada Timex Watches ONLY carry a 1-year Warranty -LRB- as opposed to the 5-year US option -RRB- . I bought my watch and it failed after exactly 14 months -LRB- to the date -RRB- , and it was n't battery related
 My wife got this watch for me . I like the style and fit . It would lose time . Several minutes a week . The battery died just after a couple of months . I tried replacing the battery but once you remove the paper thin flimsy back you will never get it back on . I sent it back for repair and they sent a new watch . I thought hey great service . Well a few months later it began losing time again and then the minute hand fell off completely . It sits in a drawer at home . I have n't decided whether or not I will bother repairing it again . I am wearing my cheap $ 30 Casio there never loses more than a second in a month or more .
 The directions did not come on paper with this product . They are written in silver on back of watch and were impossible to read . We had to purchase a magnifying glass to read it . The alarm is not loud enough and tends to go off at times other than is set . The watch has also stopped a couple of times . It has been a disappointing purchase .
 the watch quite working a few months after I purchased it . would not buy again .
 I was very very happy when I recieved this watch , it looks amazing ! Highly attractive ! it truly does , very tiny and perfect for small wrists ! However it all started when I could not get the date to change at the right times and the gears would hesitate or not move when I would try and change time and date . One morning the entire watch stopped working ! I sent it in and customer service was amazing , recieved a new watch that was exactly the same , however condensation had started to build up on the inside . Sad seeing as now I have gone through two watches in less then three months ! However once again customer service was amazing and quick to fix the problem . The watch itslef , I have had nothing but problems with but the people at Timex will try and fix the problem quickly .
 I did n't wear it often , but the band just broke after a few months . The band was pretty flimsily . It 's advertised as leather , but only only the top layer is leather . Wish I 'd bought a different watch : - -LRB-
 I think this watch is defective . I could n't get it to work after setting the time . I followed the directions and my husband looked at it and could n't get it to work either . Too bad because it 's a pretty watch .
 I 'm sorry to say my fascination with Longines watches quality has been shattered . My Longines broke down in its second year and after going through the trouble of sending it over to Geneva for repair it broke down again after only 6 months of use . I do not lead an overly active lifestyle or subject the watch to harsh conditions . Now I 'm working on throwing -LRB- read
 I do n't know if I 've ever been more disappointed in a product . This watch arrived only partially working . I purchased 15.00 worth of new batteries for it only to discover it was n't the batteries . I actually bought 2 -LRB- one in a different color -RRB- and sent both back . They both fell apart almost instantly . It 's a shame - I love the idea .
 Nice box except the inside bands that hold the watch need stitches rather than glue . Bought as gift ; first watch put in broke the holding strap . Item was easily returned and credited .
 do not spend your money on luxury watches . they will be shipped from Malaysia , and are Fake.there is little recourse - so do n't waste your time .
 Only 2 stars for this watch . While i do not own this particular brand , i do own a Planet Ocean 2200.50.00 which has the DOUBLE ANTI GLARE -LRB- anti glare on inside and outside of crystal -RRB- . The watch looks great , no complaints about that.Take note before you buy any of these watches from Omega that have the Double anti glare . THEY SCRATCH EASILY !! Mine scratched after 2 months and Omega will not warranty it . In fact , if you go to their website , they do n't even have a customer service number and it states this : `` Due to the considerable interest shown in the OMEGA brand , our staff is answering an unprecedented number of inquiries . Therefore , you should expect a response time of at least four weeks . We thank you for your patience and understanding . '' ONLY THROUGH EMAILI feel that after spending $ 4000 on a watch , that they should replace it or at least re-imburse the cost . They do not and will not , so you are stuck with a scratched watch.Save your bucks and get a ROLEX or Tag . Customer service on these Omega 's are NILL !
 I was excited to get the watch because movado is one of my favorite companies . It came quickly but when I opened it up the face under the crystal was n't completely clear , there was dust all over the pitch black face , and it is all too noticeable . Besides that , it is a great `` movado '' copy . If it was n't for the dust I would have most likely have given it a 4 or 5 .
 It 's so hard to find a good ladies ' digital watch anymore , especially if you do n't want a sport watch . I was so excited when I found this watch , but that excitement turned into disappointment when I actually received the item . The leather band is poor quality the digital numbers are barely readable ! In the photo on amazon , it looks like there 's a lot of contrast between the white numbers and dark background , but there really is n't . I had to angle the watch directly in the light in order to read the time off the digital display , but even then it was difficult ! I returned this watch after 2 days .
 I had n't worn a watch since shortly after I started carrying a cell phone . However , when I got an Italian charm bracelet as a gift , I thought I 'd like the watch that goes in it - which I also got as a gift . It looked nice at first , but after a short amount of time , there seemed to be some kind of white dust collecting inside the crystal making it VERY difficult to read . I finally popped the back off -LRB- as one would to change the battery -RRB- , and tried to remove the mechanics of the watch so that I could clean the crystal . However , there did not appear to be any way to do this.Now , I am back to wearing my bracelet as just a bracelet . I do n't know , yet , whether I 'll get another watch face for it . Lately I HAVE been thinking about getting a watch , since I have been flying , and I have to turn my cell phone off while on the plane . Since I 'd rather not wear my bracelet AND a watch , I probably will try my luck with another watch part for my charm bracelet . But , I hope to avoid another like THIS one .
 I just bought this beautiful watch . Was in love with it for 12 -LRB- ! -RRB- hours . Next morning I discovered that the watch stopped . The self-winding feature is not working . In a brand new watch ! While manually winding it I noticed something rattling inside and a tiny screw fell out and lodged between the hands under the glass . AMAZING ! Now the back of the watch has a special cover that can only be opened by a manufacturer or a jeweler with a proper ` key ' . You ca n't `` accidentally '' get into it - there is no battery to change . So ridiculous ! It 's a gorgeous piece of totally embarrassing craftsmanship . I am returning it today for refund - this is not worth exchanging .
 i bought my troika athens watch about 3 months ago froma local merchant in nyc and in less than 6 weeks it wasntkeeping good time . i have to wind it now to keep it going.the automatic movement has stopped completely .
 i bought this for my husband for christmas . i thought that this would be a good watch for him , being the fact that it looked nice and was fairly cheap ~ ~ he is kinda rough on watches , fishing , hunting ect . ~ ~ but he had n't even wore it yet doing anything like that and when he was at work he would sweat and the sweat i do n't know kinda coroated-sp - the back and the band of the watch . so while it looks nice it would be the best if it is just worn occasionally or expect to buy a couple so once that one gets all nasty you have a couple of backups
 I purchased this product in November of last year . The wood finish is very striking , and at first the four , individual watch winders performed as advertised . However , about 8-9 mos after purchase the winders started to fail one by one . Now , at month 14 only one of the four watch winding mechanisms still works . I 've treated the box exceptionally well , and it has not been moved or damaged since it arrived . I 'd strongly recommend against purchasing this product , and suggest seeking a different brand of watch winder , one with mechanics as sound as the watches you are seeking to preserve .
 I bought this a little over a year ago . Worked great for about 9 months . Now down to two winders . I tried to contact the manufacturer for spare parts or repair and received no answer . I would stay away from this product !
 i ordered the 4 slot winder about three years ago . after 14 monthe 2 slots quit working . i contacted the company many times and received no reply . now none of the slots work and after taking out everything that could be a pollutant it now resides in the bottom of lake pleasant as a fish habitat . bad product and bad company . .
 I purchased this brand of watch winder couple years ago . Needless to say , it lasted a few months and I ended up giving it to Goodwill because it stopped working . I needed a watch winder and Not a watch case ! Do n't waste your money on this brand .
 Add me to the list of Steinhausen suckers who got burned by one of these . At first all four winders worked but only after a few weeks , they began to quit one by one . When they did work , they were rather noisy and you would n't want this within earshot of where you sleep . Yet most people have their winder on their dresser which is in their bedroom . Lucky for me , I slept in a different room.The main problem though was the winders dying one by one . I tried different adaptors , different polarities , different angles , heavier watches , lighter watches ... It did n't matter . Eventually all four winders were deader than door nails . I kept it after it quit winding because I could store watches in it . Soon after the electronics died , the thing began to fall apart . The paint began flaking off , making a pile of paint dust . So rather than protecting my watches from dust , it began to expose them to it.After about 2 years , I took the thing out of my house and put it in the alley with the trash . It was taking up way too much space and was beginning to now structurally fall apart . It is clearly an inferior product . `` Lucky '' for me I ONLY spent a couple of hundred bucks on it from a seller on ebay . This thing is n't really worth any money because it fails to function in any capacity for what it is designed to do . Do not buy this . It is junk .
 I bought this to keep my Invicta 9937 , my Invicta Ocean Ghost , as well as my Son 's Seiko Orange Monster . It was incapable of keeping those Watches wound , even when it was NEW ! Over the course of around 12-14 Months - one by one , 3 of the Winder Modules ceased working . I am now down to 1 Working Module . I was able to contact the Company and they quoted repairs @ $ 50.00 / Module but , I would have to ship it to them for repair . I ca n't in good conscience recommend this product .
 cuando recibi el reloj elpasdao sabado 2 de febrero 2013 no funcionaba lo lleve a una joyeria y la pila estaba toatlmente sufatada teniendo que reemplazarla y limpiar todo el area
 The watch does not work properly , I have to adjust the time every morning , I really regret having purchased this watch .
 So on one hand this watch is actually super cute , it is n't fancy but it is classy and stylish looking at the same time . BUT , the real bummer is that I thought the thing was waterproof . It immediately filled up with condensation and broke . I might order another because I love the look of it , but I really need a waterproof watch so I might have to try something different .
 This is the first time I have been disappointed in an on line purchase . The watch will do but the on line photos did it more justice than it deserved .
 I would pay even less for this item but still think i got it at a good price .
 My wife bought me a Swatch for X-Mas . She got it while on travel . It cost approximately $ 125 -LRB- `` SILVER THAW '' model 5436228073 -RRB- . Complaints :1 -RRB- Swatch store never informed her that the band could not be manually adjusted at home . This is because the links are not the `` user-friendly '' kind that just have clasps . Result
 The size and capabilites of the watch are perfect however , it does not stay white and the plastic turns a dingy yellow fairly quick . It 's so inexpenisve because the materials are cheap .
 I 'm a little disappointed with this watch ... works great but is clear and not white ... second , it turned a really bad yellow color in less than a month of wear ... would not recommend you wer it in sun , which is ironic because it is a water prrof watch
 Es una estafa , no es original . Por favor no comprar ! Es un reloj copia de uno original , se ve falso .
 This watch looks downright cheap ! Crystals only add to the cheap look . And I could not figure out how to set the 3 features or remove a link , even though both are supposed to be easy . Sent it back and got the Lucien Picard blue sapphire watch , which I love !
 This is a man 's watch and so is it 's partner , do not buy from this vendor , I have been unable to return this watch for a refund .
 My wife and me got sad when we saw the big scratch on the cord . It probabaly was used by someone else and returned and we bought it as `` brand new '' ... but it can not be , there can not be such a scratch on a brand new product . No need to make any more comment ...
 Was given this watch by my daughter for my birthday late last year . Was recently sitting at our kitchen table and watch slipped from my wrist while taking it off and it fell to the floor . Picked it up to find that the entire glass face of the watch had shattered . Could not believe that a wrist watch could be built this flimsy that a fall from the height of a normal table top would destroy it . Production or quality control is clearly a problem with this model and/or company . Ca n't possibly recommend this to anyone who expects this watch to last for more than a couple of months of regular use .
 A silver face with silver hour and second hands is nearly impossible to read . If you catch the light just right , you can tell the time of day.The red sweep second hand is quite visible and useful for counting pulse and respiratory rate.Minnie Mouse is always cool . This is more a fashion accessory than a timepiece .
 Received the watch today in the mail and it turned out to be defective . The display goes blank when I try to use the backlight and the backlight does n't work either . Contacted the seller for a return or refund , will see how quickly they get back .
 ESQ by movado # 7100745 , this product does not look that good , I would like to return it
 This model stinks !! Wish I could give it NO STARS !!!!! My husband and I each have a old Mickey Mouse watch very similar in style and color to this one . It was made by Lorus , and we purchased them back in the late 1980s . They still work great . The only thing is that the bands have discolored and the crystals are somewhat scratched.Fast forward to 2005 . I saw these new ones on Amazon -LRB- mens and womens -RRB- , and I was excited . I purchased two - one for each of us . The women 's watch is still working OK , but the men 's model quit ticking just a few days after one year -LRB- warranty = 1 yr -RRB- , and then to add insult to injury , the second hand fell off ! It just fell off!I do n't know who makes these watches for Disney , but they are just not worth it ! Find another one somewhere else . Or find an old Lorus one that is in good shape .
 I ordered this mens 's watch and instead received a womens watch . I was not satified at all . When I contacted the seller I was told that the men 's watch was out of stock so instead they sent me a women 's watch my grown son would not have appreciated a women 's watch I will never order from this vender again
 I bought this watch about a year ago and it has since died . I love skeleton watches , and initially this watch seemed perfect . However if I relied on the automatic self-winding it lost minutes a day . Eventually I took to winding it , but it continued to be off regularly . Now it does n't keep time at all . I am digging up the warranty ...
 The watch looks great , expensive and sophisticated . But despite winding , the second hand failed to move . I wonder if Stuhrlingbothered to check if the watch was functioning before they packed it . They were prompt though in answering my query regarding replacement.So im sending it back . Being in the Philippines , mailing it back will cost me . Shouldnt they cover this ? Disappointing ... Of all the watches i ordered from Amazon , this is the only problematic one ... This watch is on its way back to Stuhrling . Disappointed by the expense of sending it back . They were prompt in handling my queries though ... I hope they will replace it with a functioning one . Ill wait and see ... FINALLY , a replacement arrived . Its working this time but i dont expect it to last beyond the level or quality its price speaks for . Its `` gold '' plating already started to discolor after just a few weeks of use . I would have been happier if It did not cost me almost double the actual price due to delivery/tax expenses . $ 98 bucks wasted !
 The watch was advertised as 23k gold which in fact it wasnt . I received the watch and as soon as i took it out the packaging i see one of those typical gold oval shaped made in china stickers on the bottom of the box . I then continued to open the rest of it and i almost gagged when i saw how tacky and cheap looking the watch was . The band is extremely gauty looking and is like trying to tie a stick around your wrist . The $ 370 price tag has the decimal point in the wrong place i believe its supposed to be $ 3.70 . I paid $ 90 for this watch and luckilly will be getting my money back . IF ANYONE IS CONSIDERING BUYING A STUHRLING PLEASE DO NOT !! I Would recommend something like a used tissot . This purchase is the equialent of me going into wal mart and buying a $ 15 timex -LRB- hey atleast that would last -RRB- for $ 600 , this is how ridiculous these watches are . I would not have paid any more than $ 5 for this watch and i am not exaggerating at all . i think stuhrling gets your hopes up when you take out the nicely packaged pretty box and then see the nauseating piece of junk which they call a quality watch . I can not give a review of the movement because i immediately went to the post office and shipped the watch back .
 I 'M REALLY TROUBLESOME WITH THE SELLER , THE WATCH IS REALLY BEAUTIFULL BUT IT CAMES WITH THE WATCH CHAIN BAD , I DO N'T KNOW HOW COULD SEND IT TO ME IN THIS MANNER , AND THE BIG PROBLEM WAS THAT I WAS IN EEUU WHEN I PURCHASED BUT THE SHIPPING ARRIVED AFTER I TRAVEL TO MY COUNTRY , VENEZUELA , AND I COULD N'T CHECK UP THE WATCH ONLY AFTER ARRIVED TO MY COUNTRY ... I 'M SORRY FOR MY WIFE ...
 The watch was fine - but I checked out using Amazon one-step checkout and found - after having the order automatically submitted - that this company charged 10.95 to ship a 5 ounce watch that cost $ 9.95 . Not only that , I placed my order on December 7th and received the watch some time around December 21st - two weeks later . I will not purchase items from this vendor again ! Be sure and check shipping charges before you order !
 Nice watch , got it fast in shipping!But , you need to be active for 16 hours to keep it wound up , so that it will have the correct time for you in the morning.I have found that this watch , should be labeled for active tennis players only . It has been dead on me in the morning , & I say what happened ? Maybe I should hook it it up to a vibrator or something to keep it wound up?I would n't buy it again.Amazon recommends that you buy some sort of watch-winder that rocks the self-winding mech . while you sleep.In my days , back in the 50 's a self-winding watch had a winding-stem , this does n't but you never had to use that stem , because they stayed wound up !
 I really liked the watch except , if I did n't wear it for a day the time got off , and it broke the 12 o'clock mark fell off when I was wearing it .
 I bought this watch from Amanzon about two month ago , it work only over a month , then it run and stop , time was never right , not only I left it on bed side for over night , even it 's on my hand all day long , I can not return it , because it is over 30 day.I 'm very bad luck to have this junk .
 It gains 2 Min . in a day . I have tried it being worn , and Not being worn.A VERY Sad piece of `` metal '' . I am 75 years old , and have worn Seiko watched for over 45 years.This is the WORSTEnough Said ...
 I have owned this Nike watch for 7 months . Do n't waste your money . The black bubber wrist band had separated from the body at the rear battery cover . The entire rubber/plastic hinge had cracked . This wrist band is not replaceable . A sports watch should be made rugged . This one is not . Lesson learned is to buy a watch which has a standard replacable wrist band .
 I have had one of these watches for quite a while and I had noticed the scratches on the lens as well as some on the bezel . But , I was n't concerned with that . I buy stuff that I expect to work hard and stand up to my abuse so I spend more than I need to so that I will get handle it . All in all , I thought it was a nice watch that worked great and got noticed.The problem is that this watch is water `` resistant '' not water proof . If you notice that little bit of word play there you will understand my annoyance . I have used this watch many , many times while diving and had thought that it was A-OK for SCUBA . Especially after I had it down to 125Ft off Guantanamo bay and it came through with flying colors . So , this last weekend , while diving Catalina Island , I noticed that the lens was fogged . When I realized that it was fogged on the inside I just laughed . But , when I noticed that it had been 2:10 for quite a while I was aggravated . I had not had the watch below 60 ' which is n't even close to 600 ' that is advertised by the manufacturer . Water temperature was 59Degrees and I am not sure if that was a factor.All , in all , I would say it 's a good watch but I really feel cheated by Citizen 's false advertising .
 It showed up today . Was over half charged when I took it out of the box , so I could have started using it as soon as I put it on . Tried the chronograph as soon as I took it out of the box . The start button required a hard press and made a click sound when pressed but no movement from the chronograph . The other chronograph button had a soft , easy to press button . Neither did anything . Checked the CD instructions which came with it and , had it worked , something should have moved . The look was ok . I expected the two inner links on the band to have a bit more of a shine like other Citizen watches I saw in the store but the whole band had a matte finish . One thing that did surprise me is the dial window does not sit flush with the case . I expected it to be flush or just about flush with the case . On this watch , it sits a little more then the tip of my ball point pen higher then the edge of the case . Something to be aware of if you are looking at using this as an every day watch and might bump into anything .
 Beautiful watch , but the pearls fell off soon after I started wearing it . Do n't waste your money ...
 I bought this watch as a wedding present for my husband . We were careful to make sure it received adequate light . After 15 months , the watch stopped working , and we were unable to restart it even following Citizen 's recommendations . We have obtained estimates for repair from two different reputable watch repair services , both approximating $ 200 . The watch is beautiful and has sentimental value , but I 'm reluctant to spend the money on the repairs . Who knows how long it will work after that ? I 'm very disappointed as I thought this was going to be a reliable , life-long watch .
 very heavy watch , hard to read and you need to be an engineer to operate . Quality looked goofy .
 This is personal subjective opinion . Citizen echo drive are top of the notch design and manufacturing . Just it 's very difficult for me to read time .
 Looks great but does n't keep good time . After one day it had lost 5 minutes . It seems to speed up and slow down .
 This watch was great for about a week . After that , it stopped working . Nothing would get it ticking again.What a disapointment !
 One month after using , the watch stop functioning . After took it for watch repair , I 've been told that the movement is somewhere go wrong and can not be fixed . This is really a lesson , next time I will choose to buy watch from renowned watch manufacturer , not from those produce apparels .
 I decided to keep this tool , but I have never been able to use it . It wil not keep any of my watches in place . Everytime I end up holding the watch in my hand instead . Wish I had sent it back
 I bough this vise from Amazon -LRB- thank Got so I can return it -RRB- few days ago and did n't mind paying a bit more to get something good -LRB- there are some plastic ones for about half the price -RRB- . The built quality is awful , they did n't even bother to smooth out the sharp edges and corners after machining.If this thing was well built and aligned , they did n't need to put such a heavy spring in it and operation would have been much smoother.Other observation : IMO the bottom part of the pegs where the watch suppose to seat should have been larger .
 This product simply does n't work the way I hoped it would . It simply does not hold the watch tightly . That being the sad fact , I simply held the watch in my left hand and exerting pressure used the watch wrench in my right hand to unscrew the back of the watch . I can not recommend this product at all .
 I tried to hold round 18s -LRB- 2 '' -RRB- movement with this holder - no dice . No matter in what configuration I put the pins - one side was always off.It 's cheap enough so I do n't have to bother with return , but disappointed nonetheless .
 This looks like a 1st graders project gone bad . . very poorly made . Not worth a dime , look else where . The holes looked like they were drilled by a blind man .
 The item came with 4 pin with plastic molded on -LRB- Nylon -RRB- . Unfortunately one of the plastic pin has cracked nylon coating . So it is defective . And the overall quality is crude . The product came with much oil coated over everything , and the aluminum blocks have sharp edges and burl on the back and under sides . The holes for the pegs are not snug . I looked at it , just not convinced that it can do a good job of holding the watch down and securely . So mounting watches on it should be exercised with care.Unfortunately Amazon would not give me the option to exchange the holder for another one , because ... it is sold by 3rd party but fulfilled by Amazon . And the 3rd party vender wo n't give me the exchange , because ... . well it was not sold by them , but by Amazon . Now I am sitting in the middle , just want to get this exchanged ! Frustrating , I might have no other choice but to return it , and pay for the shipping out of pocket .
 I have owned two Hilfiger watches . Both lasted less than a year . The first watch stem fell out . After paying $ 12.00 and the cost to ship it to their repair service for warranty repair , it was declined and an estimate to fix the watch was emailed back . -LRB- double the original purchase price of the watch -RRB- . When asked for an explanation why they would n't honor their warranty , they replied their `` experts '' determined it was not defective , I must have abused it . I did n't think so , but maybe.Well shame on me , I bought another one . This one apparently leaked ... it had water in it . Same story on the warranty , including the high cost to repair . I must have got it wet ... duh ! It 's a waterproof watch ... I was washing my hands ! . Never again ... caveat emptor .
 el reloj es peque & ntilde ; o para ser de hombre y las agujas son blancas y el fondo del reloj tan bien por eso no se puede ver con claridad la hora
 THE PRODUCT THAT I BUY IS NOT THAT I RECEIVE.I RECEIVE ANOTHER , BUT IS NOT THE SAME IN THE PHOTO.I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW WHAT YOU WILL DO?BECAUSE I LIVE IN BRAZIL AND I WILL RETURN IN SUNDAY .
 let me know when you are shipping the watch since I have not had any information about it . According to information I have the clock Debio be sent on the 16th of January but has yet confirmed that information.waiting for an answer from you . thank you very muchyoselin cabesas
 I have owned this watch for more than a year and half now . It looked and behaved really well for the first 5-6 months but soon enough I started realizing that the machinery in this watch is faulty . The problem is with the stop watch minute hand , which has fallen off its position for the second time now . The first time it fell off , I sent it for repair to the company and they charged me for changing the casing saying it was scratched and they had to change it . When it came back , the stopwatch second hand was by default positioned at 2 o'clock instead of 12 o'clock but I did not bother since I hardly used the stopwatch.But a couple of months back the minute hand of the stopwatch fell off again , and that given I have hardly use the watch since it came back from repair since I own about 3 other watches and probably just 1 or 2 times the stopwatch . Its been a nightmare having this watch and I just sent it for repair today hoping this time they dont charge me for anything . Save yourself time and trouble by not buying this watch .
 this watch came without a box or paperwork . It did not work . I took it to a jewleler and he replaced the battery and said it was missing the rubber gasket which keeps it waterproof . I could not get a replacement gasket from Nike . The watch now keeps time with the new battery but it is not waterproof as advertised .
 This watch was purchased for a christmas gift and when my husband went to use it , it did n't work . The stem had to be held in , in order for it to work . I emailed the seller 3 days ago , through Amazon , and have n't heard back from them yet on what they are going to do about it . I just want an exchange , not a refund .
 The level of craftmanship on this watch is mediocre at best . I 've bought fossils and ecko watches both for $ 115 with impeccable craftmanship and for $ 200 i 'm getting some bad craftmanship . Do n't even bother .
 I received my watch yesterday , and was so impressed with the packaging , the box from Stuhrling , the weight and feel of the watch , and the face and skeleton works is incredible . I thought this was the coolest watch I 've ever had . I wound it gently to get it started ... it ran for a couple hours then STOPPED , I wound it again , and 10 minutes later , stopped again . Then I thought , I 'll wind it and wear it allowing the self winding mechanism to do its job . So disappointed , it stopped two more times , so I sadly placed everything back in the orignal packing , and am going to drop it off at UPS Monday to ship back to Amazon . Too bad , as the look is impressive , but I really need it to run too !!!!! Now , I 'm afraid to order another Stuhrling watch for fear of the same experience . I will say Amazon is always great about returns , but I want a Skeleton watch that runs !
 When i first purchased this watch , i was in love with its esthetics . However , soon -LRB- withing 9 months -RRB- , the band became severely discolored . The watch itself failed to run . Being under warranty i sent it back for repair . The company only takes funds via money order . They would not accept visa/mastercard or personal cheques written in US dollars . I can understand the cheque part , but credit cards ??? The US $ 20 dollars is to cover their shipping and handling charges . I have to pay for a processing fee to get the money order -LRB- extra money out of my pocket -RRB- , because of their lame policy . Then i when i follow up with the company they said they can not cash the money order because there is no Royal Bank in the US ???? This is the first time I heard that when you buy a money order in foreign funds , they have to have that bank in the country you are purchasing funds from . Good thing I am not buying any products online from some small third world country to help out their local trade ... there is no way a Royal Bank would be in a place like Ethiopia.When the cheque mess goes thru , I am slammed by import and brokerage fees by their choice of courier . The reason for the import fee is because Sturhling Originals repair center did not write down on their invoice REPAIR UNDER WARRANTY . Rather , they simply stated REPAIR . Had they been not negligent , the end consumer would not be out of money , but they did not , and the end user is charged an additional $ 23.16 . A quick call to their director of customer relations E.U -LRB- the same person who told me about having to be money order and that they could not cash my cheque -RRB- leaves the customer feeling a sense of abandonment . She tells you that is is your fault , because when you sent in your repair , on the shipping label that states return for repar , you did not notify customs that you will be getting your watch back ??!!??? Uh , i am pretty sure that if it is undergoing repair , that the watch will be coming back.EU , the director of customer relations stated that they have many international customers and that sometimes they are charged and sometimes they are not charged . I suggested that maybe sometimes they put on their label Warranty repair vs just Repair . Then she tells me that as a company , they are not required to know about all the different shipping rules and regulations and fees . When suggested that they should know , EU states that most international customers are not Canadian customers -LRB- a back track of what she stated earlier -RRB- . When sugggested that as the director for Customer Relations should know , she stated she has only been in her position for 1 year ... an excuse that seems irrelevant . When asked what she will do to make the customer happy ... She stated that the only thing she can do is rewrite the invoice so i get a partial refund from the brokerage fees ... But I would still be out of pocket 13 dollars -LRB- not alot , , but its the principle -RRB- , and that I would have to find out the procedure and protocol of what to write and where to send it too ... When i stated that she she be doing all that as a customer service , so that even though i am out of pocket , i am not inconvienced ... she just remained silence.When asked as a company , what she will do to satisfy the customer ... she told me basically nothing . When i told her of my dissappointment and that i will be telling my collegues , friends , of the level of service I received . . she told me to do whatever I have to do.So while I am happy to get my watch back , when it breaks down again ... I will just throw it in the garbage where it belongs because of the hassle/grieve and stress you get from getting it repairs is not worth the value of the watch.ON A SIDE NOTE
 The watch was beautiful . Unfortunately , as soon as my son opened the pig the crystal fell out . Amazon was awesome about the return .
 Although this is the lovliest man 's skeleton watch I have found on the market , mine lasted nine months before failing to run . The automatic wind feature never worked . I had to wind the watch daily . It ran several minutes fast per day from the day I got it . A week ago , it just stopped . Nothing appears broken or loose , but the watch will not run anymore . It has drawn many compliments , but having to rely on my cell phone for true time has been more of an inconvenience than I thought it would be . I did not buy the watch on Amazon , but from another dealer . Sturhling Original customer service has been less than responsive . Rather than spend another $ 150 or so -LRB- including shipping -RRB- for a replacement that has not changed and may have the same fate , I 've purchased a new two-tone -LRB- gold/stainless -RRB- automatic skeleton watch by Armitron from the Kohl 's online store . No transparent back crystal and not as much edge detail , but luminous hands and a better reputation than Sturhling .
 The watch itself is very nice but it appears to be blue when you look at it online . The watch is not blue until you get it under certain light . It is actually irridescent and not as appealing as it looks online .
 Whach does n't work properly and I was not able to find how to return it . Please let me know.Nikolina
 Looks nice when it comes , but after a couple weeks , it gets all scratched up and it no longer even keeps time . Very bad quality .
 I ordered a watch from this seller on Dec. 24th of 2011 and STILL have not received this item . I have sent 3 emails and have spoke to them via phone twice . The first time I was told that the factory where the watch was made was shut down for a few days . I contacted Bulova and they ensured me that the plant was not closed other than for Christmas . The second time I called the seller I was told the watch was being delivered to there store within 2 days and the watch would be shipped to me and I would receive it in 5 days . That was 10 days ago . After 2 unreturned calls within the past 3 days , I have decided to finally post the negative review that this seller deserves . As a side note , I order items via Amazon on a regular basis and understand that reasons arise for a late delivery so have never posted negative feedback prior to this . This review is based on the severe lack of customer service I have received .
 The website did not provide the dimensions of the watch case . The website also did not provide multiple views -LRB- like a side view -RRB- Upon receiving the watch I found it was 30 % bigger than I expected and did not have a contoured case of a classic tank watch . I immediately sent it back . My cost for shipping and re-stocking was $ 75 . I do not understand how the seller can afford to airship a $ 200 watch from Malasia and make a profit . In the future I will not buy jewelry or apparel on-line unless I have seen the actual item in a store .
 I recently purchased this watch from Amazon . It is a beautiful watch to look at -LRB- I would rate it 5 stars based on appearance -RRB- ; however , the specifications listed for this watch are incorrect . It is indicated that the case , band and bezel materials are stainless steel . The back of the watch has the words `` base metal '' stamped into it . This surprised me , as base metal is generally used in what would be considered `` cheap '' , or costume , jewelry . Some base metals are iron , copper , nickel , lead or zinc . They can corrode easily and cause skin irritation . I contacted Amazon about my concern , and they suggested I contact Citizen directly at 1-800-321-1023 . I called Citizen , and they confirmed that according to their specifications , the watch material , including the band and caseback , is indeed base metal . Since their own website also advertises the watch as being stainless steel , they said they would have to change this error . I took the watch to a local jeweler who was selling this watch , and he was also under the impression that it was stainless steel , and was very surprised to hear that a watch of this price , and from this manufacturer , was actually made from base metal . So just be aware that if you have any kind of skin sensitivities , or are concerned about your watch potentially corroding , this may be something to consider before making the decision to purchase , especially at this price . I have n't had the watch long enough to report on any personal experiences with it as yet -LRB- I have only worn it once , for a brief period of time -RRB- . But I am disappointed , and likely would not have purchased it had I been correctly informed as to the actual materials .
 The product description twice mentions the `` doctor recommended '' program of walking 10,000 steps per day , which is why I bought this watch/pedometer . But it does n't accumulate your steps throughout the day . If you sit down for 30 minutes , the pedometer goes into sleep mode and you have to re-start it to continue counting . If you forget after driving or working at your computer , you miss the steps you take , which pretty much blows your program . All the watches in the Accelerator line are virtually identical . They 're just packaged differently . Furthermore , if that flaw does n't bother you , the directions for this watch are impossible to understand . I had to call customer service three times and even they had to ask for help to figure it out . They faxed me a simplified set of directions , but that was only slightly more help .
 I bought this watch to count my steps so that I 'd have a better idea of my activity during the day . The problem is that if I sit down at my desk , it will sense that I 'm not being active and turn the counter off . That 's not really helpful.Also , the display is very , very confusing . You have to cycle through 20 different screens to find the one you want . I keep the manual on the kitchen counter because I have to read the complicated directions every time I want to make any changes . All in all , I was n't very happy with this product .
 Attractive . Lightweight . Multiple functions.Too bad I could n't figure them out . Which mode to push , when , how many seconds , etc. etc. etc.IF you want something quick and easy , this is not the product.As it stands now , I am not using it . I 'll stick with those cheaper models.A higher I.Q. than mine is required here !
 I bought this product hoping it would accumulate the steps/day to motivate me to walk more . It was a bummer to see after I 've started the pedometer steps that it would go into sleep mode and that all the steps were not counted . You have to hit start button after sitting down from driving or when at rest to start the count again . It became a bigger nuisance and high maintenance to keep checking if it was not tabulating or not ! At night it would chirp intermittedly and hard to follow the instructions to turn that feature off . I 'm going for an Omron as recommended by friends instead !
 I like the watch OK but it is too complicated and takes too long to get going before I start to exercise . It needs to be simpler with less than 10 modes and easier just to start pedometer and calorie counter .
 I knew this watch would be big and bulky , but I 'm a gadget girl . It would be neat to have a watch on my wrist that could do so much ... or so it promised.FITOne of the reasons I chose this watch is that I have a small wrist . I looked and looked for a watch that would fit my wrist . Being made mostly for men , it was n't easy for me to find . This watch fits me just fine at its tightest notch . I have a 5 inch wrist . The watchband can be adjusted up to about 7 inches.FUNCTIONI first downloaded the traffic information , which worked fine . It was a bit cumbersome to have to scroll through the screen and have to read what the speed was at each exit , but it worked . I find it better to use other sources for traffic , though.I have the weather function enabled . It tells me the current temperature , the three day forecast , humidity , sunrise and sunset , and wind.The news function gives me headlines from around the world and a brief blurb when I check the individual headline . It 's not an entire news story on the watch . It would be nice if it was.The calendar function is just a calendar and nothing more , no way to enter my schedule into it.I never used IM , so I 'm not sure how well that worked , but I think the messages can only be received and not sent.There are many watch faces included , but more can be downloaded.BATTERY LIFEThe more functions that are used , the lower the battery life , so I did not load a whole lot onto the watch , just what I needed . I could go for about a week without recharging it . ____________________________________________________ UPDATE : Unfortunately , my traffic information no longer downloads and the MSN Direct site seems to be permanently out of business , as I can no longer log in . Weather still functions , as well as news , but only the weather and news I originally subscribed to ; I can not change location . I 'm stuck with the watch faces I had downloaded earlier but can no longer get more.Right now , I mostly use the stopwatch and timer functions . Of course , I use the watch as a watch . Occasionally , I may look for a weather forecast . Mostly , it 's a basic watch , the other features being non-functioning .
 My wrist broke out in an itchy raised red rash after wearing it for only an hour . I was very disappointed that the strap was the reason . I required medical attention and several prescriptions before we realized that it was the watchband that contained something that caused an allergic reaction . I could n't wear it again , but replaced the strap . If you purchase this product ... let the buyer beware ! Otherwise the watch is very nice .
 The Casio clock PQ-13 is a discontinued item per Casio . The one that I received was not complete and it appeared that Casio 's vendor may have boxed up as complete all clocks that they had in stock when discontinued.Amazon issued a credit upon return .
 wend i order the photo it was of a wristwatch and they send me a travel alarm clock i do not recommend this company for making me waste my time OK bye guys .
 This is my third Casio atomic watch . I like their accuracy when they actually work correctly , but when they screw-up they are worthless . This my latest Casio watch and came with an operating manual you 'd need a microscope to read . If you could read it you 'd need to be a brain surgeon to understnd it . Casio is not kown for their dependable watches , and this one is a pain in the ass to set-up and use . I 've had this watch for about a month . As you can tell I 'm bummed , because this watch went belly-up twice in the past twenty-four hours . I would not recommend this watch to anyone who actually wants a dependable wrist watch . Atomic time is a great idea but worthless without a dependable watch to use it . Casio just aint it .
 UPDATE
 I bought this thinking about the daily update to a nuclear clock and solar power to have a watch last longer than four years . This one lasted about four months before it stopped working altogether . I would n't buy this watch again .
 After owning the watch for a month , I found that it would no longer charge properly even if exposed to sunlight or fluorescent bulbs . I hope that a defective battery is the cause , but what a pain nonetheless .
 Got this watch about a year and a half ago . Worked great up until about two weeks ago . I started noticing the display sometimes was `` asleep '' when I got up in the morning , but it would come back to life quickly when exposed to sunshine , but it 's gotten progressively worse to where now it 's dead every morning and needs a couple hours of sunshine to come back to life . I 'll be replacing it with a battery watch .
 Researching all the reviews concerning this item I thought the watch would be exactly what I wanted BUT had a nagging thought in my mind about the reliability of the solar charging system vs a normal battery . Unfortunetly my fears were correct and after a few days of wearing the watch and leaving it in direct sunlight for hours I still ca n't get the battery to remain charged over night without the display going blank and the charging indicator blinking . Only after leaving the watch sitting in the window and the display returns can I wear the watch until it goes blank again sometime in the night . I am now in the process of going through the return procedure and sending it back for refund . Probably just got a bad one but do n't want to take a chance again . .
 I purchased this watch in July 2012 by December 2012 the battery would not hold a charge . Before buying this watch please read the people who rated this watch with one or two stars . You will save yourself money
 I have a friend who recommended G-Shock watches as being indestructible , and his apparently were . So I got a model exactly like this one except with a metal band . It had all the cool features of solar recharging , synchronizing with the U.S. atomic clock , water resistance down to 200 m , stop watch , alarm , everything except the temperature gauge . It worked real well for about one and a half years of normal wear and tear . I did not put it under more stress than a regular watch would have been put under . But it started to come apart at the seams . The lower part of the watch where the band connects started to separate from the band.I thought this should not be a problem . After all , a watch whose indestructibility Casio had such confidence in would surely be covered under a warranty . In fact , I would think they would want to know that one of their watches had not lived up to their high standards . But when I contacted Casio , they informed me that their indestructible watch only had a one year standard warranty , just like all their regular products . I would have to pay for them to repair their indestructible watch . I was out of luck ! But the watch still worked , and so I kept wearing it.Just today -LRB- about two years after the purchase -RRB- , I took a swim with my waterproof watch , and it is now dead with water plainly showing itself on the inside of its screen.Let the buyer beware , this watch is not at all indestructible . The name is tempting , but remember that it does break and only has a year warranty .
 Received this watch for my birthday yesterday . It looked great and fit well . I was impressed with the quality of the display and liked the solar charging feature.However , after going for a 2 hour paddle in the ocean yesterday , the watch stopped working . I thought it might have needed a recharge -LRB- though it read full charge before the paddle -RRB- and have kept it in the bright sunshine for 4 hours today with no hint of a charge . It also had fogged up , hinting at a non-watertight case . I am sure it was a defective unit , so I 'll update the review once I have a new unit to evaluate .
 I bought this watch a month ago . Mainly for work purposes for taking pulses and respiratory rates and writing down times since im an emt . I thought this watch was pretty good when i bought it . I liked how when you tilted the watch the light would turn on . Worked good for when it was dark . I started having problems with it . The battery died after a month of having it . Which for how much it costs i would expect the battery to last longer than a month . I was pretty disappointed since the watch is pretty important . I let the battery charge all day about 14 hours in incandescent light since the weather was pretty crappy out . It started working again then a few hours later it shut off and said charge . So i let it sit out again over night and then it worked again in the morning and it was charged then a few hours late it shut off on me again . So i called Casio to ask them and tell them about the problem . The only thing the lady told me to do was charge it . So I placed it in a window seal and let it charge all day again . It worked then a few hours later it died on me again . So i decided to place it in the window seal again and let it charge all day again and after a few hours it shut off on me again and said it needed to be charged . I was pretty disappointed with Casio 's customer service and in the watch .
 I bought the watch in November , the battery was fully charged . That lasted a week . Sitting it in a window for a day only charged it for a few hours . I left it in a window for 2 days and only got 6 hours . So it 's looking to me like I have to wear it a week and charge it a week , which is pretty useless . Casio says that it 's not their problem .
 I 've owned Casio watches for years and in fact I do n't buy anything else . This by far the most elegant and functional one I 've owned . The clock seems accurate . The belt seems well made and strong . I am a person who wears this 24hrs/365 days in the shower as well as playing Tennis . I have a feeling Casio will have to re-design this soon specially the electronics display . I 'd maximize to see letters bit better . Comments are based on 2 months of ownership and expect to use this for another 120 months . *** Added later.I had originally given it 5 stars . Functionality of this watch is excellent as long as it is exposed to Sun.When the winter comes in , I wear long sleeve , work inside most of the day and watch hardly get to see the sun.So , I had to buy a spare watch one while it is being charged . If you do n't have a problem with that , get it .
 This watch charged & held the charge all day for the first month , now doing the same as when it was new it will hold a charge for about an Hour to Hour & 1/2
 I am in the USAF used this watch on a deployment and had several issues with the solar power panel . At 2 months old the watch was useless . I sent it into Casio for a repair got it back and 5 months later it broke . They fixed it again and 4 months later same issue . You would think that if the watch was breaking over and over with the same issue being the cause that Casio would fix a lemon . No that is not the case . Once one year is up the warranty is gone . Now the warrant dept is hit or miss . The first time I sent my watch in it was back in a month . The second time was 2.5 weeks . The last time I called when the warranty was up and was told that they were going to call me back with a dept manager because I thought it was unfair to pay $ 55 to fix a watch that was never properly fixed in the first place . The manager never called and instead they just sent back the broken watch . By the way I do not wear this watch and perform extreme duties . I use the atomic watch for exact times for mission support I am not a ground pounder -LRB- my hat goes off to those guys -RRB- .
 I love this watch , but there is a problem with it . I bought my watch about 10 months ago , and the battery is already dead in the morning when I wake up . Not too impressive . I will look into how much a replacement battery costs . 2 stars cause it has great feature and looks great . An $ 80 watch should be problem free for longer than 10 months .
 I like the idea of a solar-rechargeable watch , and the synch with the atomic clock is sweet . However , the battery life on this thing is horrible . I have owned it for about 9 months and it went from never really needing any special charging care to only holding a charge for about a day or two.I only once saw the watch get a full charge , when we were on a week vacation spent out on the lake . Now I have to charge it under a lamp all day long just to get it to half-full charge -LRB- which , again , lasts only about a day or two -RRB- . Even if I leave it under the lamp for a couple days , it wo n't charge back more than half-full -LRB- and it drains just as fast -RRB- . It just seems ridiculous to have to stick my watch under a lamp for 10 hrs just to get it to work for a few days . What a waste of energy.No doubt others who own this watch have figured out the trick of hanging it on the lamp shade for charging . It seems to hang there more than I get to wear it . I 'm going back to a regular battery.Also , this watch is big . I mean , I got used to it , but if you do n't think you 'd like a thick watch , I 'd avoid this one .
 I loved this watch . Wore it for 2 years . Watch eventually would n't hold a charge and went blank . Now here 's the problem
 The concept of solar powered watches seems nice but it 's not practical , at least not for this one . This needs almost constant sunlight or some kind of light or this will go dim . Buy at your own risk .
 I ordered this item on Dec. 10 . Supposedly Amazon made the refund immediately for this item as it was no longer in stock . I never got the refund . They say they sent it . This is not the only refund they sent to who knows where . Amazon is a crapshoot . Beware when buying any product from them .
 Ordering books from Amazon was always great , but when the watch we received was defective we were not pleased . Sending the watch back and the postage to get to get it to us meant we spent much more than we could buy the product locally.Therefore we will never order anything from Amazon that is mechanical.Aloha , Alton
 I have not purchased the watch yet . This is because I am confused about the size of the case diameter . The details/specifications indicate 46 + milimeters , but one of the photos , the one including an scale , show about 40 + milimeters ?! What would be the actual size of the case diameter ?
 i RECENTLY BOUGHT THIS CASIO AUTOMIC SOLAR POWERED WATCH AND WAS VERY EXCITED BY THE AUTOMATIC TIME KEEPING FETURE . iT IS AGREAT WATCH BUT DOES NOT HAVE A TIMER BUILT IN WHICH I NEED WHEN WORKING OUT FARTLEK RUNS AND IN BETWEEN SETS . iT HAS A USELESSS FETURE OF RECORDING TIME OF EVENTS WHICH I AM NOT SURE WHY ANYONE WOULD ACTUALLY NEED THIS WITH OUT THE DATA OF WHAT ACTUALLY HAPPPENED DURING THOSE 30 RECORDED EVENTS ? wISH CASIO WOULD PUT A TIMER IN IT GUESS I 'LL GO BACK TO A TIMEX IRONMAN LATER .
 I bought this watch 4 years ago . It is an atomic solar watch that is supposed to NEVER RUN OUT OF POWER . About 6 months ago the watch began to only charge to medium power and then would completely die after about 8 hours ! Casio uses a cheap solar cell for these watches and will not admit to this problem or just replace the watch . Casio will make you either pay $ 90 for service fee to replace the solar cell or you just have to buy a new watch . This is false advertising and this watch is not worth the money . I suggest you buy a better watch with a battery . When the battery runs out after a few years it will only cost you about $ 10 to replace a battery . Casio should be ashamed of themselves , I have worn a G-shock of one type or another for almost 20 years , but this is blatantly false advertising and I will NEVER own another Casio product . Citizen makes a fine watch .
 Purchased this G Shock because of the reputation of G Shock Watches . I went whitewater rafting in WV and when the trip was completed I noticed a lot of moisture inside the watch . It was out of warranty but I sent it back for repair hoping Casio would recognize this is not supposed to happen to their vaunted rugged line but no luck . They wanted $ 56.12 to repair the watch ! I can get a brand new one cheaper right here on Amazon . I buy from companies that stand behind their products and will not ever buy another Casio . This watch should not have leaked on a river trip and I have to question this design as a real G Shock .
 What gets me mad is that Casio knows there wrist bands give out in a year or two and do nothing to fix this problem ... For years it has been this way ... Use a cheap grade of plastic so they crack and break and you have to spend 15 dollars to get a new one if you can find one ... JC Pennys and some other stores do not sell these watches anymore due to the fact they break ... There wrist bands and battery 's do n't last ... I got the 5 year warranty at Pennys and every year I have gone in to replace the battery 's and wrist band for free ... Even though the watch is solar there are battery 's inside and they do n't last worth beans ... The watch eats them up ... The watch guy told me that they are a money magnet ... If you like spending 25 a year to replace the batterys and wrist band then get this watch . . Solar means nothing you still need battery 's and after they recharge a few times they wo n't charge anymore and the watch will die in days . .
 My teenage son wanted a G Shock like mine . We got him a newer one , like mine Solar Atomic . After a few months the battery took less and less of a charge , then none . Finally got the retailer -LRB- not Amazon -RRB- to replace it . Guess what - same problem . I ca n't find any reputable retailer with the batteries so I 'm sending it off to Casio now . Odds are it will cost more to fix then it would to buy a new one here . We 'll see . But to ship out so many with bad batteries - well I guess that 's rather profitable.I just got the repair estimate from Casio . Soup to nuts , $ 55 . $ 4.00 less then the same item new here on Amazon . Considering that both it and its predecessor came with either defective CTL1616 batteries and / or charging circuits , that 's shocking . Casio parts sells the battery for about $ 9 . So it sounds like the module or entire watch is being replaced . So we need to pay near full price to ` fix ' a defective watch.I 'm planning to call Casio to try for an explanation . Wish me luck !
 Had the watch for several years , it performs well . However , Casio customer support is a complete FAIL . Had to return the watch for service recently ; shortly after having received it back from service -LRB- and paying $ 45 -RRB- the buttons started falling off . I returned it just over a month from the original service date and was told it would be ANOTHER $ 45 to fix the buttons . Contacting customer support was a COMPLETE waste of time , so do n't bother . According the watch and company gets ZERO stars
 I have had the watch for about 2 months and it is everything a solar/atomic watch could be PLUS it is a G-Shock .4 -6 months later now Oct 12 , watch just freaked out , says it is totally discharged . Shake it for a few put it in daylight and it shows near full charge ???!!! Think this MAY be fluke . Going to get another . I live with my watch on , depend on it hourly 20 out of 24 hours .
 All of the good reviews must not be from people who have owned tough solar watches for more than a few years . The solar batteries in these watches tend to die after ~ 5-7 years and can no longer be charged , so the watch becomes worthless unless you have the expensive battery unit replaced , but that defeats the purpose of the solar battery . It would be cheaper in the long run to just buy the non-solar versions and replace the $ 5 batteries every few years . I feel like the solar gimmick is a scam by casio . Although the watches themselves hold up well and have good features , DO NOT buy SOLAR unless you expect to replace it in a few years .
 A few weeks after the one year warranty expired , this solar watch just up and died on me . Casio sent me an estimate of repair for -LSB- ... -RSB- plus -LSB- ... -RSB- shipping . No explanation regarding the defect was provided . I guess it 's the luck of the draw . My Timex Ironman still kicks year after year . What 's up with that Casio !?!?!? Can i give ZERO stars ?
 This watch has several problems . The dials on it chew up space for anyone to read the time and other info . Ok if twice its size . Get one w/o dials . Use a good magnifying glass to read instruction booklet or Casio has to double its size of their instuction booklet . Other bad mark is its shaded face or dark glass . I 'm informing Casio of these problems as well . Its buttons are hard to press or do their job . Overall not worth it . 20/20 vision wo n't help .
 The watch quit working about two weeks after I received it so it was a waste of money . I will try to return it to casio .
 Two things made me return this watch to be replaced with the Casio G-shock Tough Solar -LRB- which is great -RRB- - I did n't like having to take the watch at night and point out out a window to receive the radio signal to keep correct time -LRB- or have to wait while I mannually did it during the day -RRB- - I did n't like the idea of having something on my wrist that is receiving radio waves-maybe there are no risks -LRB- cancer etc -RRB- but did n't want to risk itOverall-the watch seem very high maintenace just to keep the time-would not recommend it
 Considering the variety of quality watches available on the market in this price range , I was surprised that my Khaki King Automatic refuses to function as an automatic just days after being purchased . Whether wound manually or left to work as an automatic , mine hangs up with the second hand sticking on the minute hand when the minute hand is pointing in the vicinity of the `` 6 '' -LRB- I know -- sounds weird -RRB- . This occurs even though I wear the watch all the time . I 've yet to resolve the problem either through the store or through customer service , but so far so bad -- not what it was advertised to be , and not a very good exercise in quality control by Hamilton .
 LCD has symbols -LRB- am/pm and alarm on/off -RRB- that are too small to read . The `` light '' to read time at night is a joke . Back to a cheaper and more functional Timex indiglo for me . The fact it arrived with a near dead battery and issues did n't help .
 I have owned numerous Swatch watches over the years without problems . I was disappointed with this one . It stopped working suddenly -LRB- mechanism broke inside -RRB- and had to return it to be repaired . I returned it to the seller and it took a ridiculous amount of time to repair -LRB- over 8 weeks -RRB- and then the face plate was not put on correctly -LRB- the 3 was in the position where the 12 should have been -RRB- making it difficult to read the time . I should have returned it again but was reluctant to lose it again for another 8 + weeks . Now it 's not keeping time correctly even though I 've changed the battery . Guess I just got a dud this time ... It will unfortunately make me think twice about purchasing another Swatch watch .
 the title says it all ... loved the watch in the picture , was disappointed but figured i would wait for the refund and then order a different one ... but it has been a month now and the refund still has not come . Not a happy camper ... guess i will stick to books .
 `` I have given a 1 star for this item because there is nothing less than that . The item arrived in a broken case , full of scratches on the watch dial . Please do n't buy from this seller . I 'm going to return it !!! ''
 The battery on my FS-4248 died and I went to a local jewelry store for a replacement battery . Unfortunately , the people at the jewelry store could not put the back on the watch after replacing the battery . They then gave the watch to their watchmaker to take back to his shop . He has a great deal of experienced working on a variety of watches , but was unable to put the watch back on the watch . I was grateful that he did not charge me for the hour + he invested in trying to reassemble my Fossil watch . I looked around on the internet and found that this is a common problem with this style back on Fossil watches . Research BEFORE you buy . I think it is nice looking , however it is a bit pricey for a throw away watch .
 I normally like almost every item with the Coleman name , this watch has been a big dissapointment . I ordered this watch because of the features on the face . It has military time listed on it , which is not common on most modern pocket watches . When the watch came , it did not function . I took the backing off , and found that the internal workings were very cheap and plastic . The battery that came with the item was dead . I replaced the battery , and the watch still did not work . I will need to take it to a watch shop . The seller is Target , the store does not normally stock this item . As for the watch , it is thin , light and does not have much substance to it . The top mount and time setting post is of an almost plastic material , the chain and belt clip are nice . With some work done , the watch could be nice , but as is , leaves something to be desired .
 I have owned two of these watches . The first one ceased keeping accurate time after I had the battery replaced . And I mean wildly inaccurate.The second one did not hold up well . The ring at the top of the watch came off -LRB- with normal in-and-out of the pocket use -RRB- and could not be replaced . I tried tightening it with pliers and it instantly came off . I used it anyway , and now it has ceased keeping accurate time -LRB- even though it is on its original battery -RRB- . Setting the time is an adventure -- be sure that the button is fully back in or it will never start back up . And I have had the time set button pull out when I pulled the watch out of my pocket.It is a cheap watch -- but you get less than you paid for .
 I have to give this watch a `` do n't buy rating '' . If a watch does n't keep accurate time its not worth any price unless you need a prop in a play . This watch does every once in a while keep within a few minutes of accurate time . The rest of the time it is in a time unto itself . Its time to toss mine . Does anyone need a good looking prop for their play ?
 I was n't expecting too much watch for this price but from the other reviews I thought I 'd be getting at least a good deal . I was wrong.When you pop out to set the time , the minute hand flops around a teenie bit so when you set the time you have to be careful how you click the set knob back in or it can move the minute hand a little . Not very accurate and really annoying to me.However , yes , it 's fine for the price I guess but I 'm now looking for another pocket watch . It 's not worth it for me to send it back so I 'm donating it to a thrift store and spending more money this time for something with a bit more quality .
 I got this watch a year or two ago , and it was fine for awhile , but recently it has started losing big chunks of time . Not sure how it happens , but I 'll look at when I know it 's around 7:30 and it will say 3:15 , or something on that order.It will keep time fine for a few days , then will go bad , I 'll reset it , it will keep good time again for a few days , then it will go bad again . Ca n't find any rhyme or reason.Replaced the battery , but that did n't solve the problem.EDIT
 I bought the product because it was a Coleman -LRB- a name you can trust -RRB- but it proved to be defective and I had to return it . It would not keep time so I was disappointed with my purchase .
 The face of the watch moves around when you change the time . I also found the stem would pop up while it is in my pocket . That allows the time to stop . The chain is cool , but the craftsmanship is clearly sub par . It is real light and obviously cheap .
 WOW !!! What a shocker . I just got off the phone with Dalesa and Kimberly in repairs at Citizen . They are nothing if not relentlessly dogged about the company policy ... which is well aweful.The WatchWorked fine for 6 months , then the date stopped moving . I called cust svc/repairs and tried to fix over the phone but we couldnt . He recommended I send it in.The Repair ProcessI had to pay to ship the watch insured ... $ 16Then once there , they found an imperfection in the crystal and the crown . Huh ?? I wanted you to fix the date . Well , I am an honorable man , how about I pay for one , say the crystal , and you pay for the other ? Thisis where you would have though I asked for those ladies fistborn . Do you know they would not budge on an $ 12 crown repair ? insisted I pay $ 43 for the crown and crystal.Warranty 101 : For every dollar spent , it is a loss to the company ... and eats into the profits of that particular product line . So , service folks are taught to find something ... anything extra wrong with your device to offset the costs of the warranty claim ... in this case the date feature not working . So , now they add the crystal and the crown fix at $ 46 , and it offsets the costs of the date feature fix . Eureka ... another satisfied executive!As for the customer ??? Talk about extortion ... I mean , what am I going to do ... be out of a $ 300 watch ? And get this , Kimberly was the manager ??? So why even ask for the manager at Citizen.I have read some of the sterling reviews ... and for 6 months , I would have agreed ... but if you ever have to send this thing back ... be ready for the run around .
 I bought this Eco-Drive Calibre 8700 Perpetual Calendar watch from Amazon in July , 2010 . I purchased it because it was supposed to be hassle free , solar and perpetual calendar . What else can you ask for ? However just five months after I got it , it suddenly stopped working when I was wearing it . It was behaving as if it was out of battery . Nothing was moving , not even if I tried to adjust time . I originally thought it was not charged enough , then I realized I had been wearing it in bright sunlight and shorting sleeve for the last few weeks , so it has to be related to charging mechanism . Anyway , I left it on desktop and it resumed running on the third day after incident . After it resumed running , I tried to reset the time and date , but the adjusting mechanism seems to be messed up now . When I pull out the crown , it moves to 2 o'clock or 8 o'clock instead of 12 o'clock . I realized that I ca n't return it to Amazon since the return window has passed , so I am contacting Citizen service center to find out my choices . Hopefully it is not going to be too much hassle . At $ 300 , I was expecting it to last 5 years , not 5 months.Update with repair
 I 've owned this watch for almost three years now and although I like the styling and durability of the case and band I have had some problems which prohibit me from giving it a glowing review.First off , the crystal is flush with the top of the case . I 've already had it replaced once and within a couple of months it is once again scratched to high hell . I 'm by no means `` gentle '' with my watches by I expected it to be a little more durable.Second , the Day of Week dial broke after 2 years . The arm seems to trail off to positions behind the actual day . Saturday , for example , points to no-mans land.Third , this watch tends to die unexpectedly when not given enough sunlight . I live in sunny San Diego and still have problems keeping it charged . At lunch I have to take it for `` walks '' outdoors to make sure it keeps accurate time.Fourth , God help you when the watch DOES lose track of time . Setting the time and date is not only confusing - but extremely time consuming.So , why 2 stars ? Because I still really like the way it `` looks '' . I want to love this watch but I ca n't . For my birthday I 've asked my wife to replace it with a cheap battery powered digital Casio . At least then I 'll always know what time it is !
 I got one last september . After about 2 weeks I noticed it would be late by 15 to 30 minutes . I 'd reset . A few days or a week later same thing . I left it in the sun for 8 hours to charge . Same thing happened a few days later . This is a complicated watch . I have read and reread the manual . There is nothing I am not understanding about operating the watch . You should be able to charge it once and leave it run . It get plenty of sun.Exchanged it for another of the same model . Same exact thing is now happening after about 3 months . Thought I got a good one but guess not . If two of these do the same thing for one guy , I would seriously suspect the quality of this watch . I 've never had any problem with a decent quality watch before this .
 The watch is very nice looking , solid and accurate -LRB- while it works -RRB- . Then , a day comes and it does n't respond to anything - can not change date , time , nothing . None of hands move , exposure to extra light helps none.Warranty is limited to 5 years , and my watch died after 6 years and 2 days being on my wrist . There was no abuse at all , I loved and ` babied ' it . I was hoping to get 15 + years of service from the watch made in Japan and costing that much ... The reason I gave it a star - it was a good watch when it worked , I liked it . I think I gave Citizen too much credit when I parted with about $ 400 exchanging it for this watch.My watch was not purchased thru Amazon , thus there are no complaints going that way .
 It 's a very nice watch and I 've been using it for more than 3 years now . I bought it from Kohls when they had a 30 % coupon , so I got it for around $ 200 after all the discounts and cash backs . It has been running perfectly ever since . The blue dial is darker than pictured and is almost black , but looks great.Now the problem . It 's a scratch magnet . The dial window is supposed to be a hardened mineral , but it looks like acrylic after 3 years of use . It has lot of scratches all over it . May be I use it rough , but my 4 year old Skagen that cost me $ 50 does not have even a single scratch on the glass ! For a $ 300 watch , I would expect a sapphire window or at least a harder material .2 stars for the movement . -3 for the materials .
 I ca n't even express in words how much I hate this watch . Bought it for my husband for Christmas of 2007 , by summer it had been back to Citizens 3 times . They want to blame it on my husband , -LRB- who has read the book that came with the watch cover to cover -RRB- . He knows how things work with the watch . It suppose to forever almost hold a charge . Husband works outside full sun most of the time . They have replaced insides twice , if it was husbands fault , why replace insides , if watch is n't to blame . Wo n't just admit it 's a lemon , will not get refund on piece of you know what . Had it back 4th time when it was n't keeping accurate time again . They charged it and sent it back to us . They have done that before and within a week or 2 was keeping inaccurate time . Would never ever buy a Citizen 's watch again . I tried to give no stars , but was stuck giving 1 .
 I have always bought cheep $ 100 watches and I said that I would not do that again . I wanted something that would last more than 1 year befor it need to be replaces . I got this watch on a cruse -LRB- Not through Amazon -RRB- . I paid $ 275 and was told about how to charge it under a light . For the 1st month I had very little problems . After 1 month I started loosing time . I had to charge it under a 100W light for an hour every day and it would still be 5 minutes slow at the end of the day.DON ' T BUY THIS WATCH !!!!! IF YOU DO , JUST REMEMBER , I TOLD YOU NOT TO BUY THE WATCH !!!!!!!
 I bought this watche and i hate it.I spent 356 dollars in a watche very small and the collor that i have choosen is diferent than the main pictures shows.The dial is not blue , it is very very dark blue and seems to be black.Iam very disapointed with this model !!!
 Bought a Citizen Eco watch at Sams . Only kept it a couple weeks . Complicated , hard to use , had to get the instructions out just to reset the time , and I hated it . The date is so small , I needed a magnifying glass to read it . The only thing that kept it from going in the garbage is that my daughter was visiting and I gave it to her for my son in law . He has a Timex . He tried the Citizen for a few days , but since then I see he is wearing the old Timex . He said he did n't like the Citizen either . Guess I wasted my money
 Unhappy enough to write my first review . I 've owned two seamasters , both automatics . First I purchased online , did n't work . I am a tri-athlete , scuba-diver and mountain climber . I run at least three miles per day with the watch on , but usually exercise more , so movement to charge watch is n't an issue . Anyway , the first one stopped working about three weeks after I bought it . I 'd taken it swimming , running and diving . So I returned it and bought one from an authorized Omega dealer . This one was better , it worked for about three months . Up to that point , I 'd only taken it running , never even got it wet . Took it in for repair , got it back in SIX WEEKS . Worked for another three months . During that time I took it mountaineering -LRB- only 16K ft -RRB- , running and windsurfing . Stopped again . Took it back , gone another six weeks . Got it back , stopped again after about one month . I left it on my bureau for a while , then took it back a few days ago . Anyway , at this point the warranty is expired , so I am not hopeful . Three possibilities
 The Omega Seamaster is a great watch , but I suddenly noticed that the crown was not screwed down tight . I can not screw the crown down and it wobbles . This renders the watch useless . I called about the so called Amazon Warranty but it does not cover the crown or most other parts . You better read the not covered section of the warranty before any purchase from Amazon . Amazon says it is not covered by Omega because it was not purchased from an authorized dealer . They said to bad the watch still works and we do n't cover the crown .
 Recently I bought Omega Watch in official dealer shop in Israel and actually was given already defected watch -LRB- sell person knew it well -RRB- - date setting function did not work . Watch was exchanged and after 3 weeks of usage same issue re-occured already on new watch . After complaint solution was to take same watch 3rd time and compensation for my disappointment was ... TISSOT watch . I was shocked and amused.Attempt to explain difference between Omega and Tissot buyers profile were fruitless . Official dealer did nto agree to upgrade my watch to another Omega one.At the end , after 3 months , my purchase was refunded , watch returned and I was granted to pick up complimentary SWATCH watch for all the inconvenience : - -RRB- Offical Omega ? No response at all.So for me and my family members Omega is the sign of bad quality and ugly customer support . My advice to collegues and friends - never buy Omega , especially in Israeli `` Impress '' shops and `` Roltime Ltd '' dealer .
 This watch exemplifies this misconceptions of advertising.If you were to take Raymond Weil 's ads that used to run constantly , asserting the claim that these were `` museum '' class watches -LRB- whatever that means -RRB- , you would think that Raymond Weil was a swiss watch comparable with Movado . Do n't be fooled.I bought this watch several years ago , but only had worn 10 times , literally . The clasp -LRB- an internal , friction mechanism -RRB- no longer will hold the band shut . This on a watch that has been worn a cumulative 10 times and does n't have a mark on it !!! The worst part of this is that I called Raymond Weil customer service -LRB- after they did n't not respond to my email -RRB- and all I received was the expired warranty script read back to me . No authorized dealer I could bring to have it evaluated or potentially compensated
 Nice looking watch but waterproof seals failed after swimming in a pool ! Luminescent numbers barely visible in dark .
 I ordered this watch in February ' 07 , and I believe there are two misleading things in the product description . First , the watch does not feature `` Japanese quartz movement . '' It features automatic winding , which means that it does not use a battery , but rather the motion of the wearer 's wrist to keep the watch running . Second , when I received the watch , the Croton warranty was expressly disclaimed , and a one-year Amazon warranty was all that was provided.As noted by another reviewer , there are no detailed instructions , and this model was not listed on the Croton website . While I was able to obtain general instructions there , I still had to go to a jeweler to show me how to set it the first time.The biggest problem -- it does n't keep time . According to Croton , four hours of wear will keep an automatic winding watch running for 30 hours . I wear a watch at least 10 hours a day , everyday . Nonetheless , I had to set this watch constantly , and it got worse as time went on . It 's not worth $ 5 , if you are interested in a watch that can provide even a gross approximation of the correct time .
 The watch is a great looking watch but it 's brought more headaches then compliments . The time constantly falls behind . Apparently , the more you wear it the more accurate the time will be . I always wear my watch and it still shows me the wrong time and date . It 's cool that the date shows up in shorthand Spanish or English , but it does n't allow for you to set it the way you want it to , either . I also had looked up this model after purchase on the Croton website , but could not find ANY information on it . It took me a while after playing with it to figure out to change the settings on it , Amazon did not provide decent instructions for care .
 . Croton Men 's Two-Tone Black Dial Watch #CC 311096BSMPI recently purchased this watch at Amazon after reading the reviews . I opened the box and saw what looked like an attractive watch . When I removed it from the box I saw a very thick watch with a RUBBER strap and metal buckel . It looked cheap to me and I just boxed it back up and got an RMA from Amazon and sent it back . I could hardly believe this was a 500 dollar watch . I prefer the LEATHER strap on my Timex Data Link System watch . I was hoping to get a distinctive swiss watch but , except for the all stainless case it failed to live up to my expectations
 This watch looks great , i love it , but unfortunately it is a bad watch . I had purchase this watch 2 times in amazon . They both such . The first one 's bracelet broke in 2 parts and I took a shower as normal people do am the water when inside the watch . It 's suppose to be water resistant , but is not.The second watch lasted a little longer , because i was taking better care of it . However , one day I jumped to a pool with my watch on and once again my watch got ruined.This is a good watch to go to the office and that 's that . If it rains from the office to you house , you better put it in a plastic bag , otherwise you lost your bucks.O did not give it a one star because I do n't have the option and because i still like the look of this watch . Hope one day they make it better .
 This wtach as it is really cheap , is also built really cheap and does look cheap .
 I am a fan of Burberry , but I would not recommend buying their watches . I bought a similar Burberry watch as a gift for my mother at Neiman Marcus . The case and band have begun to corrode/rust . Both Neiman -LRB- and Burberry -RRB- have refused to help citing expiration of warranty and the fact that they do n't carry that particular model anymore . They have directed me to contact Fossil for repairs , who is the manufacturer of the watch . Its disappointing to see a cheap watch is being sold by slapping a luxury label at a premium store .
 I purchased this watch and liked the fact it was an everyday watch . I has a classic looked but , the band would NEVER stay closed , so i had to return the watch . If they improved the band , a clasp that stays closed it would be great . I have very small wrist and the length the bracelet was perfect for me , only a little loose with all of the links in . My wrist measures 61/2 inches . And seeing that I have small wrist it is difficult for me to find watches that do not swallow my wrist and have a decent sized face , and look more professional than feminine . So when I tried on the watch I thought I struck gold , it was n't too big , not too heavy , and the perfect size face.Again , if it had not been for the flimsy clasp that would not stay closed I would still be wearing the watch today .
 I am really frustrated ... the watch is absolutely beautiful in design ... BUT , I lost this watch after 1 week of getting it due to ILL DESIGNED LOCK CLASP !!! Would not recommend .
 This watch is very cute and stylish , so appearance-wise , I would give it a 4 . However , it is not waterproof , and I had to be very careful while washing my hands , or go anywhere near water . It 's troublesome to have to take off a watch every time I 'm near anything liquid , taking away the point of having a watch for convenience . I had a very hard time looking around to see if it 's water-proof or not , and after about two weeks of wearing it , I started to see huge droplets of water inside the watch . I took it to a watch store , and he said it would be about $ 100 just to take the moisture out . In addition , if you have nickel allergy , I would NOT recommend this watch . I was probably able to wear this watch an hour a day , because getting it into contact with water would surely ruin it with droplets getting inside , and in addition , wearing it for longer would cause me itchy rashes on my hand due to my nickel allergy . If you do n't mind the non-water-proof and does not have nickel allergy , then the watch is not a bad buy .
 I loved the watch until I took it to be cleaned and a mysterious ink literally soaked the jeweler 's cleaning cloth and I was told NOT to get it cleaned again and to return it !
 quite nice but I made a mistake , thought it was free shipping , and the total cost was not good value at all
 The watch lost its stem one week after I started wearing it and now I have to go to the trouble of trying to return it .
 First of all , battery died prematurely twice . Both times it was replaced by a reputable jewler . The third time the jewler told me the watch is dead because of water leakage into the housing . Indeed , there was rust inside the watch . Second of all , to replace the battery , you have to remove the pins from both straps - an incredible feat in itself , since the pins are very difficult to remove . Third , the wrist band is very stiff and uncomfortable . Fourth , the glass face is very reflective and it makes reading the display very difficult . Fifth , when you remove the watch and place it on any surface , chances are that you will depress the light switch on the side of the watch , and then if you do n't notice it , you will drain the battery very fast . Final tally
 Everything that glitters is not gold!Similarly everything that has Nike written on it is not good !! I bought this item from Amazon for a friend in early 2004 . That poor guy had used it for hardly few weeks when the display of it dimmed . So thinking that its a battery issue he replaced tha battery from an authorised shop . Then it worked for another few days , after which it died . It does not display anything at all , let alone keeping time!Since then we have been trying to get this thing repaired , but without any success !! Pure junk in the name of Nike !! Would not recommend any watch of Nike to anyone , you better get a Timex , it may not have `` just do it '' on it but it would at least keep the time !! : -RRB-
 My watch arrived and I was initially happy with it , but one day , suddenly , my watch fell and I realized that its wristband had become loose . I thought it might be a simple matter of placing a pin in its right place -LRB- as the watch had come with a puzzling addional pin of the type frequenly used in wristbands . But when I looked more carefully , it was apparent that there were no holes for the pin to go into . Therefore I am left with a perfectly working watch but no way to wear it ... To top it all , I threw away the receipt , so I do n't know where to send it , whether it has any warranty or what ...
 The pin bent on my first attempt to use it and the thing was useless .
 I have brought several link removers from this seller and have been very disappointed . All this pins have broke . This is the worst one yet ! My husband collects watches and loves tool gagets . Next time , I will buy a quality tool and will pay a little more for a better made link remover .
 I fell in love with this economical little watch when searching endlessly for a nice little brown leather strapped timex . Then I sent the link to my Secret Santa . But when I received the gift , the watch did n't work . Correction
 Update
 This is the second worst experience I 've had through Amazon . I ordered this watch and the band was broken when it arrived . There were no instructions with it and no receipt to see where to send it back . I finally found a website and tried to contact them . The lady that emailed me said that I could send it back but it would cost $ 19.99 . The whole watch only cost $ 9.99 ! What garbage ! And Amazon condones this . Shame on Amazon !
 This came with Absolutely no Directions on how it works or how to use it . They sent a link on how to remove the watch band links but nothing on how this thingamajig works . All Plastic , would reccommend buying one that has some metal parts & better built .
 THE SELLER SAID IT IS GOLD PLATED BUT THE WATCH DOES NOT HAS ANY PRENT SAYS IT IS GOLD PLATED . IT HAD DIFFERENT MODEL NUMBER THAT THE SELLER PUT IN AMAZON
 This watch broke just after the warranty ended.TAG 's are a garbage Swiss brand . The Company is just a marketing organization that sell mass produced watches.Want a real watch get a Breitling .
 In an annual catalogue of watches I would expectt to see all the models produced in the world in that year , either gents or ladies , expensive ones or poor man watch.But here you wo n't definitely find them.Here you will see ONLY expensive European gents watches . And not even the Grand Seiko . Is it a watch catalogue ? No , it is only pure advertising . The worse one .
 I bought this watch and the second time I wore it the band came apart . One of the things I wanted most was the alarm and you can barely hear it when it goes off . It is not worth even the sale price .
 A fool for the beauty of it , I purchased this Omega just short of a year ago . Thought I would have it for life . It stopped working last month after a day of simple recreational diving -LRB- and no , I did not open the helium-release valve -RRB- . Today I heard from the Omega-listed customer service center that it would cost more than $ 1000.00 to repair . A 300 meter dive watch that did n't last 30 ? Please ... . What use is a `` warranty '' , if it will still cost more than half the original price to repair ? Is this the level of customer service you would expect at this price ? Not for most people , I would expect . This has nothing to do with the good service at Amazon . This has everything to do with Omega not standing behind their product . What a disappointment !
 I bought a Omega thinking it high quality . It stopped functioning in less than 9 months.Because I had not bought it through a `` Qualified dealer '' they would not repair it . Basically said screw you.As far a I am concerned I would never purchase anything from Omega .
 This watch is a fake . If you do n't think so , print out the photo and take it to an authorized BREITLING dealer .
 I purchased mine around the time of the release of the Apollo 13 movie.The chronometer simply does not keep accurate elapsed time . It does not click over at the right moment thus , you can misread the elapsed time by a full minute or a full hour ! Omega could not fix it and frankly their repair costs and turnaround time is ridiculous.I suspect the quality control has gone down recently to keep up with the demand due to the release of the movie Apollo 13 and now the 40th anniversary of the moon landing.One of my life 's most expensive and regretful purchase.Frankly I wish I had purchased a Rolex instead .
 GuysBe-aware this speed master 3750.50.00 which comes with HESALITE crystal which is NOT A SCRATCH RESISTANCE crystal . I got one and got my watch badly scratched on the very second week . you have to get it changed in appro . 120 USD for new glass and the worst part is that they will again fix same Hesalite crystal . It can not be fitted with sapphire crystal which is scratch resistant.I had to change this watch with different speedmaster moon watch with sapphire glass which is appro , 600 USD more expensive but looks exactly the same.Check the difference of hesalite verses sapphire crystals on net.Omega will not even reply if you will complain.TariqKuwait
 I owned one of these for about two years , and ended up selling it on eBay . It broke down , and after a very expensive repair -LRB- had to send it back twice because they did n't get it right -RRB- I got rid of it . The build quality is simply not ` there . ' The warranty is cheap , too , for such a pricey watch . Save your money and buy Rolex , although it 's a lot more coin . They 're built like a tank and have a seven-year warranty . It 's the type of watch that you pass on to your kids . This Omega is definitely not.Rolex also hold its value , Omegas do not . That definitely should tell you something .
 I was sold a FAKE omega speedmaster !!! The seller had no pictures , just a stock file photo and when it arrived it was a horribly made copy ! It took a month but amazon credit my account !!!
 I 've had this watch for 4 years . It looks great , but mechanically it 's been a disappointment . It has never kept good time . Plus , I had to have it `` fixed '' twice . The first time it was 4 days out of the 1 year warranty , it cost me $ 85 to get it `` unfrozen '' . A few years later , the stem got bound up and would n't turn . Another trip to my authorized Omega dealer costs me $ 200 . The watch is working fine , but still loses about 2 minutes a day . Imagine , $ 1,800 for a watch you have to set everyday . Buy yourself the entire Timex collection for that price . You 'll have 150 watches that work !
 Since I was a boy , I wanted one of these watches . When I spent 6 weeks in Switzerland in 1972 , I hucked my Mom crazy to buy me this watch . Instead , she did get me an Omega deVille stainless design chronograph which reminded me of the Moon watch and cost only a fraction as much . This watch needed multiple repairs during the 1970 's and cost more in repairs by several fold than the original purchase . I retired it and it sits in a jewelry box for the last 25 years , unworn.Fast forward to the late 1990 's with the stock market boom and I finally got what I had wanted for so long - this Moon watch ! I wore it with enormous pride for about a year and a half until it broke , while winding it , and that lead to the revelation that repair was expensive and inconvenient . It had kept such poor time , losing two or more minutes a day , that I boxed it on my dresser and it sits there to this day unworn , broken . A deep disappointment ... Oddly , I spied a Wenger Swiss Army chonograph in stainless at a large retailer that had style and substance and was electronic to keep perfect time and cost $ 100 ! I still wear that today after 6 years and one battery change.Watch out what you wish for - it may be more desirable in the mind than on the wrist !
 This is a terrible watch . I bought mine 5 years ago and it 's broken down 3 times . On two occassions it was out of warranty , so I had to pay over $ 500 to get it fixed . Maybe I got a dodgy one , but from the sounds of other reviews in here , I 'm not the only one . Yes , it looks good , but it 's going to cost you an arm and a leg to service and it keeps terrible time . All in all a very bad purchase . And by the way Omega servicing is useless . On both occassions it took them 6-8 weeks to service my watch . My only hunch is that they get lots back , which really is n't a glowing reflection on the product .
 it seemed to sit on my wrist bone quite uncomfortably . I asked my friend , who cuts lawns , about it and he loves it . His frame is quite a bit smaller than mine , though .
 I got this watch somewhere else for $ 5 less and free shipping . I thought it had the best looking face of any watch I had seen . It was factory sealed when it arrived , but it would not run for more than a few seconds and could not be wound because the stem twirled around with no resistance at all . Beware of poor quality control .
 First of all , this watch that I purchased is an imitation Watch ,2 nd , it is not working properly as it stops one hour after you take it from wrist.looks good for 3-4 months but stops working afterwards or work very intermittently.i would not purchase LP watches again even though their price is enticing . encourage good products by banning bad products .
 Looks great ! has plastic on back . however it does not work have no idea what guarentee is . it arrived in box that was a repack . one star is one too many
 This is a very beautiful watch . When i saw it in the store i absolutely had to buy it . However , like Cinderella 's beautiful carriage and gown disappeared , so to will it 's beauty . By the second week the color of the leather had already started to fade . Thankfully , the rose gold facade has n't worn of yet , probably because i stopped wearing it altogether . I still like the watch but i 'll definitely have to spend about the same price i paid for it to get a good leather strap before i can wear it again
 The Baume and Mercier watch was as expected however the service from the seller - AuthenticWatches.com , Inc was poor . The watch was received with the battery dead - I had to go to a local Jeweler to have a new battery installed -LRB- $ -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- , and the watch was received without a warrentee from Baume and Mercier . When I called AuthenticWatches they stated that that was the deal with the low price . If that had been clearly stated in the ad I would not have purchased the watch . They supposedly enclose their own `` certificate of authenticity '' which I did not receive . When I called their customer service department and asked for a certificate they said they would mail one - I 've never received it -LRB- 4 weeks later -RRB- . Would definitely NOT do business with this company again !!
 Not happy with the fact watch battery ran out in less then one year . Next to impossible removing the snap on back to replace battery . Was told that watch needed to be mailed in for battery change . Good Grief what a hassle . next time I 'll check the ease of battery replacement clause when spending so much money on a watch .
 I gave this watch to a 12 yr old neice , and it did n't even work right out of the package . Very frustrating !!!
 I ordered a watch from this company . It would not run and I returned it . That was 3 months ago and I still have not been able to get a refund !
 This watch purports to be a real Wenger product . When it broke after about six months , I sent it to Wenger for repair under the one-year warranty . Wenger told me that it was NOT one of their watches . They were able to replace the movement for me -LRB- for a fee -RRB- and they also told me that they could not guarantee the water resistance it stated it was capable of , as it was not their product . I had bought the watch to use as a dive watch and now ca n't trust it for that purpose . I ended up giving it away and buying a REAL dive watch from a reputable dealer .
 The face fogged up from perspiration like a cheap watch I had one time .
 I had n't worn a watch in decades but needed one because I was training to be a volunteer EMT-Basic -LRB- e.g. , to measure respiration and pulse -RRB- . I looked at a lot of watches before finally choosing this one . It has exactly the features I wanted and looks very nice on my wrist , but after six months , the case around the sides and back started to become pitted , which irritated the skin on my wrist . I do sweat a lot but do n't remember ever having a problem with this before . I chalk it up to Timex either using a cheap metal on the case or too-thin plating rather than using stainless steel . The case back itself is stainless steel and is holding up quite well.A second problem I have with this watch is the fabric band -- it gets dirty . I scrubbed it a few times , but it keeps getting dirty . Of course , I wore it to fight fires -LRB- I 'm also a volunteer firefighter -RRB- , and I got patient blood on it once . Most people probably wo n't be that hard on a watch band , but just be aware that the fabric may be a problem .
 I was expecting this watch is made in Japan as many Seiko watches I 've seen in the past . When it arrived , it looks and feels very cheap . When I looked at carefully , this is made in China ! I do n't understand why Chinese do not make products like thier famous fine China . Maybe lower labor makes lower quality.Besides the apperance , the strap is very long , unless you 're over 200 lbs in weight , you will need adjustment . Here in DC , the min cost is $ 10 . You 'll need tools to adjust by yourself . Seiko website recommends only to use their authorized dealers just in case for warrenty.Overall , I 'm not happy for my purchase and do not recommend this watch to anyone . I 've many small fashion watches , mostly Anne Klein , which cost ~ 20 to 25 on sales at local Hecht 's and Macy 's and so far , they 're over 4 years without any problem . I just pulled the tab when I 'm not using them to save batteries . This Seiko watch does n't look like a dress watch , not even better looking than my fashion watches .
 Clean , crisp styling in a Seiko Classic . I bought an earlier iteration of this watch in Japan in 1969 and wore it for 30 years . After that , no other watch I tried seemed right , so I bought this one . My best bet is that 30 years from now , Seiko will still be making a watch that looks just like this one -- it has that kind of timeless appeal .
 I 've been a HUGE Amazon customer for well over a decade and this is only the second time I 've ever initiated a return . I absolutely hate this watch .1 . The clasp is really hard to close , it moves from side to side and does n't mesh well with the other side . I 'm certain it 's going to break with repeated use . I had a few friends try it out and they could n't even figure out how to get it closed -LRB- it requires far more force than you 'd think is acceptable -RRB- .2 . The band feels really cheap , especially for a watch this expensive . I 've had cheap casio watches that felt more substantial . All the links have too much give , once again , it feels like it 's going to fall apart .3 . The movement was n't accurate . Maybe I just got a bum watch , but setting the day of the week was an exercise in futility . Sometimes it would catch and the day would spin really quickly , sometimes you 'd spin the dial 2 or 3 times and the day would just barely move . I 'm certain there 's a lose connection between the two.Aside from the above , it 's a beautiful watch and it breaks my heart to send it back . I almost bought a Seiko costing 3 times as much but I fell in love with this one first . It 's so simple and classic , I hate to return it . Unfortunately , the crappy clasp did it in for me .
 After 3 week 's use , the pin which secures the band to the watch body sheared off .
 I ca n't really comment on the actual Seiko watch because there is no way the watch I received for my husband was made by Seiko . The band was cheap and tinny sounding , with rough , unfinished edges . Such a disappointment on Christmas morning . Have returned it , waiting for a refund -LRB- to buy a real Seiko -RRB- not from amazon this time .
 I was love this watch . I was have exacly same watch for about 4 years . It 's look perfect and work exelent in any conditions . No one can belive it 's not realy gold watch . But , couple months ago watchband bock down on midle . I do n't think long time . 4 years is big time life for under $ 100 watch and I get new one from amazon just couple months ago . Exacly same . Perfect look . Brand new . I bin happy . But , new watchband bock down on midle again . Just on couple month . Thas is saler respond
 I purchased this watch for my mother . She has a hard time with the clasp on thewatch band and did not wear it at all . I went to several jewelers to get a goldstretch band and was told the watch band can not be replaced ! They said the bandis `` married '' to the watch and the parts can not be replaced ! Now it 's useless tome . Very disappointed . The fact that the watch band can not be replaced and youhave to buy a new watch if you want a different watch band should have beendisclosed in the advertisement ! It 's past the return time , so I am stuck with it.What a waste of money !
 Seiko has outlived its reputation
 Very disappointed that no where in the description is there anything about the fact that the watch bandis `` married '' to this watch and can not be replaced !! The clasp is hard to work , and I would have preferreda stretch band had I known all of this ! Now I wasted $ 100 + . Would have kept looking had I seen a review like this one . Hope this helps someone out .
 If you are purchasing this item and are anticipating the special box type clasp with a safety latch , forget it . The watch that arrives will not have the advertised clasp not safety latch . What 's worse it that once you have it the site does n't allow you to communicate with them to see if you can get the one advertised !
 I have had the battery replaced but the watch has stopped working again . It looks very high end and feels solid , if it worked it would be great .
 I bought this as a gift for my wife , but the band that came with it was way too long . In the description , the band length is listed as women 's - standard , but the thing was men 's length . Whatswiddat , Seiko ?
 Be aware that although the headline says it 's a ladies ' watch , if you read further in the description , it says it 's a man 's watch . That 's why the previous reviewer is confused about the watchband that 's too long !!
 I bought a Movado watch like this one . Since I bought it at Macy 's , I am reviewing only the watch . A few weeks after purchase , I realized the watch was slow . It was sent back to Movado -LRB- I could not get my money back because I contacted Macy 's 40 days after the purchase -RRB- . Two weeks later , I was informed that they need another 4-6 weeks . Obviously , I am unhappy with this watch and the way Movado handles this.In my opinion , for the price , look for a more reliable manufacturer with a sense of concern regarding their customers.Finally , Macy 's did replace the watch without asking me to wait the 4-6 weeks .
 Beware any Movado watch advertised as covered by a Manufacturer warranty , this is deceptive . Movado watches sold by Amazon are not covered by the Movado warranty . I have advised Amazon of the deceptive practice but some watches still show warranty as provided by manufacturer . Do n't be deceived as I was . Nice watch but understand that what you are buying is not what is advertised .
 I never received this watch from Amazon.I do n't know what 's going on and i 've talked to both usps and amazon .
 I bought this at an another reputable seller for less than half the price offered here , something that is occurring within increasing frequency at Amazon . The watch itself scratches very easily , its elegance overrides that but still I do n't expect to have a scuffed watch in under a year . Then the bracelet just broke in less than 3 years.I do n't mind too much as the price I paid was not as high as this.For those who question -- this was a genuine Movado , it had the card , etc. . Just the warranty would not be honored by Movado which explicitly excluded any scratches or any other signs of wear and tear and was only for a year so it would not have done any good and certainly was n't worth $ 300 more in price.If I could get it again for the price I paid , I would buy it -LRB- or switch to the Amorosa -RRB- except that I realize I really miss not having the date on the watch . So I am looking for another brand . Gucci , I read , scratches just as easily . SO I will probably have to go up in price to get both elegance and sturdiness . In the price range listed here on Amazon -- I would stay away from Movado .
 Movado watches are nice watches but i recommend you buy elsewhere.I ordered the watch for my wifes christmas present on Dec 5th but did not receive it until a week after christmas . When it came the crown to set it was frozen so we could not set the time . We send it back and received another one this one worked but it looked like someone ran sandpaper on one side of the band it was all scuffed up.I wish I did ` nt try and save money and spend the extra 200 dollars and bought it somewhere else at least I would have got a quality product that Movados should be.This is my worst experience with Amazon but it only takes one like this to be a very disatified customer .
 I thought I was paying for quality and style instead I was just paying for the name . The band broke right off
 Not only is this watch difficult to read the time ... that gold toned mesh band is AWFUL and within a few weeks it looked like an old watch ... the color faded off and it was truly `` cheesy '' looking - i tried to change the band with a leather one ... ultimately very soon after - I gave it away ... absolutely would NOT recommend this watch - frankly , I would GIVE it away if I won on .
 Let me first say , I absolutely love Seiko products ! I have had 2 in the past and have been extremely satisfied at how long they last . The only reason I was replacing the last one is because I wanted one a little bit more feminine , but it still runs beautifully . I chose this watch because it had all the features I needed for my usual everyday wear , but had a smaller face which made it prettier . I wore it like I normally wear my watches , day and night , shower and all . After about 6 months I noticed some water inside and took it off , until the water evaportated . I tried it again , and water got right back inside . I finally stopped wearing it in the shower . At that point even regular hand washing got water inside . I stopped using it altogether and when I got around to sending it to Seiko , they told me it was not water resistant , only splash resistant . -LRB- Have you ever heard of such a thing ? -RRB- So , I finally got a quote from them for $ 162 because everything inside was rusted out and needed replacing . I told them they were nuts since the watch was only $ 100 . They finally dropped the price down twice until they got to $ 42 . I still refused , because it says on the description `` water resistant up to 99ft -LRB- 30m -RRB- '' , so I should n't have to pay a dime . They refused to do it for less , so I had them send me back the watch and then sent it to Amazon . I was highly dissapointed with the service through Seiko . Lucky Amazon saved the day ! They were so wonderful and easy to deal with . One call and it was done . A full refund back to my husbands card with no grief . This really is a beautiful watch otherwise . If it did n't get full of water , I would still be wearing it . I may give Seiko another chance since they usually have quality products and maybe this was a fluke . I do wonder why it still says `` water resistant up to 99ft '' in the description . Buyer beware . ; - -RRB-
 I received my Barleto bangle watch today , and it 's going back . I have what I believe is a small to medium wrist . The bangle barely fits , and digs into my flesh . Perhaps this is a return that someone had sized , but I ca n't see how this watch could be sized . I would pass on this model , as it 's very uncomfortable , and not shaped like a wrist , so it does n't sit correctly , either .
 This watch claims to be sized women 's `` standard '' , but it can not be worn by anyone who can wear a normal 7 '' bracelet . Extremely small and the back side digs into your wrist . I sent it back after trying to wear it for 20 minutes -- it was painful and left marks . Not properly sized -- it might work well if you have a very tiny wrist , but as the previous reviewer stated it is very oblong in shape and not well suited to the wrist .
 We bought this watch thinking we got a great deal . But be advised , you get what you pay for . At first , after only a month , the battery lead became detached , and we had to send it in twice for repairs . We had to wait a month to get it back and pay for shipping . Once again , the timer has now quit and now the watch is full of condensation . So much for water proof ! This watch is too expensive for the headache that comes with it FREE ! I will never buy another Movado .
 I bought this watch on Amazon as a like-new condition used watch and had a really interesting experience . Please allow me to share it with you.The Movado sports automatic I ordered arrived in pretty good condition . No booklet , no papers but did n't have the see through back . `` Interesting '' , I thought . `` I wonder if it is a slightly different model ? '' I took it to an authorized dealer who opened the back and revealed a low end quartz movement with a plastic retainer -LRB- not that Movado 's quartz movements are vastly different , but I was buying an automatic -RRB- . The dealer said he had to seize and destroy the article , but after begging with promises to contact Movado , the police and Amazon along with a bit of forceful resistance I was allowed to leave with the article.I contacted Amazon at least a dozen times and got automated responses.I called Amazon and got their call center in India . Try that some time if you are really bored and want to waste some time.I contacted Movado who let me know that I should only purchase Movado articles from authorized Movado resellers and that they were not the least bit interested in preventing the sale of Movado counterfeit goods on Amazon . -LRB- Note
 I purchased this watch on november 2008 and the crystal has been replaced three times . Now the watch does n't work . It 's a nice watch , unfortunately it is n't a good one .
 I purchased this watch in April and have had to replace the crystal 3 times since . It seems to just shatter out of the blue without being impacted in any way . There definitely must be some sort of design flaw here !!
 Tried to replace battery on skagen titanium watch , pressed real hard on back to snap cover back on and crystal just shattered . Not pleased .
 A common theme in several of the Skagen watch reviews was broken crystals . Mine broke twice -- the only crystals I remember breaking in some 40 years of watch wearing . The first time I paid Skagen to fix it . After the second time , I sent an email to customer service asking what was going on . No response . Eventually I took the watch to a repair place in LA. . They said that Skagen no longer made that watch or crystal , and that the design of the latter was defective . The watch repair shop replaced it with a new crown that they made -- it 's flat and they said it should break as often -LRB- or as infrequently ! -RRB- as any other crown .
 I purchased the skagen , and I was totally disappointed by the product . The pin dial totally fell apart when I tried to adjust the time . That 's why I returned it , and changed back to my favorite brand `` tissot '' .
 I really liked the looks of this watch and bought it . The glass broke 16 days later . The shock that broke it was a minor tap against a table and the watches * frame * . Mind you , I am no klutz as I have carried large screen GPSs , cell phones , PDAs and other assorted gizmos that one might consider shock and spill adverse for years and never had so much as a scratch on them . but this watch broke at the first minor tap -LRB- did n't even drop the watch ! -RRB- . I tried to take it back but I was told that the warranty does n't cover * crystals * as that is not considered a manufacturing defect . I can understand not covering this type of breakage under the warranty as there is really no way to know the type of abuse the glass took . But if it 's not a manufacturing defect , I have to say that their manufacturing is defective . Breaking at the slightest tap does n't sound like something I 'll ever spend $ 100 on again . This was my first Skagen watch . And will also by my last . Quite a pity since I really liked the looks of it .
 This watch has no illumination on the hands making it impossible to read in anyrthing but good light . The rubber strap is made of a sticky kind of rubber that I find irritating -LRB- I have hairy arms but my old rubber strapped Cassio never bothered me -RRB- Worst of all the face has a moistute patch in it already and that does not indicate good waterproofing ... to be fair I am a farmer and I never take my watch off -LRB- not even in the shower -RRB- ... once again my old Cassio took that punnishment for 5 years without any trouble ... I love the look of these Skagen watches and the one I bought my wife a few years ago she still loves ... perhaps you must give up something to have such good looks ... that is a shame ... Charlie Pedersen New Zealand Farmer
 I bought this watch from Amazon.com last year . Now the dial window already detached from the metal part of the watch . I took the watch to the official service for repairment . They told me the no . on the back of the watch did not match the model no . what Amazon claimed to be . So they refused to provide any service . my suggestion is FORGET ABOUT MOVADO WHEN YOU CONSIDER BUYING A WATCH .
 InvictaModel number
 received it and was not working so send it back because they could not replace it and no apolozy for that either . what a bad customer service and did not gave any option for the exchange
 These watches sounded like a good deal , given the original price . I ordered two , one for myself and one for my brother . They arrived today and both could not be set . That is , the pin on the side of the watch which you pull out to set the date and time would not pull out . They were both stuck in the case so tight I broke a nail in the attempt . And I agree with the others that the minor dials are so small they are useless . They go back tomorrow .
 A fine looking , elegant , `` sporty '' watch , very light and comfortable . My only complaint is the sub-dials - the numbers/letters are so tiny as to be just about useless , especially the date dial , with 31 numbers crowded in . That said , though - I like it a lot , and I wear it a lot . My recommendation
 I really liked the look of the watch , but after one trip to the pool water started to seep inside the watch and a small layer of condensation started to form underneath the glass . Each time I use the watch it gets worse . This one is going back to my buddies at Amazon ... Good looking watch and from what I understand , a great brand , but poorly made .
 The box the watch came in was very difficult to open . The packing was made up of nested cubes . I had to insert the end of a wooden spoon through the opening of the outer cube to push out the inner cube . Ugh . I put the watch on to try it out and it fit fairly comfortably , it would have fit better if I had thicker wrists , I think , but I liked its size and looks . Next I tried to pull out the crown to set the time and date . It would n't budge.I have since returned the watch .
 Cheap cheap cheap plastic band.The dial was beautiful for the price though . Throw the band away , put on another better one and you should be okay.But wait ... you ca n't replace the band . Its indispensable.I do n't recommend buying this unless you get it for sports so the sweat wo n't malign your wrist band .
 Nice looking watch , but the face is very hard to read . Day and hour settings are virtually impossible to set accurately . Watch hands are nearly invisible against the face . I returned this item .
 I love the mininalist look , the thinness , but within the first week of wearing this watch , the crystal cracked down the middle . I really have no idea how this happened , and can only chalk it up to cheap materials and/or construction .
 Good looking watch but the mesh wrist band that accompanies this particular model Skagen watch was problematic with band asjustment to wrist . Give me an old fashioned expandable or other conventional wrist bands ,
 I 'm a watch collector with close to 40 watches in my collection . They range from about 40 to 52 mm in diameter . The Skagen was intriguing for its titanium construction , the mesh strap and the very thin design -LRB- which I consider a good thing -RRB- . Upon receiving the watch though , I was disappointed . I think the watch is too thin and too light -- even thinner and lighter than the Movado Museum watch I have . Because of its small size , light weight , and thinness , the watch feels flimsy and fragile . Maybe I am used to heavier and bigger watches , but this watch feels insignificant -- if that makes any sense . On the positive note , the watch is beautifully designed and I liked the colors . Had the watch been bigger , I definitely would have kept it , especially considering the exceptional price , but i ended up returning it . On a 6 foot , 250 lb guy , it just looked like I was wearing a paper cut-out of a watch instead of a real one .
 Really nice watch as pictured . Clasp came broken . Watch is big . Strap is very long . I am 5 ' 9 male , slim athletic build , the excess strap goes three quarters of the way to the face . I returned it and kept the 233XLTTM , similar watch but in titanium
 This is the 2nd Skagen watch that I 've owned . The first one suffered from the same clasp problems that others have described and it often popped open on me . I thought I just had some bad luck with that one . As it was getting old and beat up , I bought this one . Almost the same watch except this one was black instead of silver like my old one was.I 've only had this watch for a couple of weeks , but I can not wear it any longer . I like the slim lightweight watches that they produce , but the clasps are just horrible . The clasp on this one is stainless steel while the band in titanium . It is painted black in order to match the band.Within just a few days of starting to wear this watch , I developed a very itchy rash on my wrist right where the clasp touches it . I did n't make the connection to the watch for about 2 days and my rash was just getting worse . I thought there might be some kind of left over chemical from cleaning / painting on the watch that was causing my reaction . I 've worn a watch all of my adult life and I have never had a problem like this before.I decided to clean the clasp with some cotton swabs and alcohol . When I sat down to clean the watch , I realized that the paint is coming off of the clasp already . This was before I even started cleaning so it was not caused by the alcohol . I work in an office so I 'm not very hard on watches . There should be no reason that the watch is losing it 's paint into my skin with less than a week of wear on it . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Glass got scratched after nearly 4 months of using it still love the materials used as well as the ultra low weight
 The watch looks amazing , I 'll give it that . Unfortunately , after just a couple weeks of wearing it , I went to change the time and noticed the dial had come completely off . Even trying to set it with pliers did n't work , it 's impossible to change the time if the dial comes off .
 Clasp is unreliable when new , deteriorates with age.Changing the date is aggravating.You want slim ? Get a tattoo.You want to know the time?Get a real watch .
 Very disapointed in Amazon and Skagen for the handling of my skagen watch .3 weeks after receiving the watch the crystal shattered . I contacted Amazon , they said I would have to contact Skagen , Skagen said it was not covered under warranty and would have to pay to have it repaired.I feel this this was a very unprofessional way for Amazon & Skagen to handle this .
 Got this as a Christmas gift for an uncle and it 's not worth it . I did n't like the way it looks in person . I feel like I could have gotten something of this quality for $ 60 less .
 The watch quit working after less than 90 Days . Been buying on the internet a long time and this is the most expensive peace of Junk I have ever bought . TGS
 This was good lesson learned . I will never buy items like watch from Amazon by just watching the picture given and the description . Horrible choice I would say . I have lost faith in the information given by Amazon . I do not think , I will buy anything from Amazon except books . .
 I like the watch but the clasp keeps coming undone . It is also difficult to shut but since it open within a few minutes to several hours I guess it does n't matter .
 I 'd like to give this watch 4 stars , but I ca n't . The clasp on the watch is unreliable . Sometimes it will stay fastened , other times the clasp will come undone . I can never tell if it 's fastened well or if it 's going to fall off of my wrist .
 Looks are deceiving as these watches are garbage . Try changing the battery . If you get the back off you will never get it back on without a press . Cheaply made and short lived . Compared to Skagen I 'll take a Timex any day .
 Its very catchy . I bought this one for my husband on valentine day . In less than a year the watch is garbage . The material its very bad quality . The glass breaks even if replaced . the bracelet where it is attached to the watch broke . even though I paid to get it fixed it still breaks . Warranty is useless . its better to invest on something that will last for a long time . Its advertising is very convincing but its better to have something with a good warranty than end up paying for a full price for an original Skagen .
 While the watch is a handsome timepiece , the latch on the watch band is defective . It comes loose frequently.I will be returning the timepiece . I have another Skagen watch that I am very pleased with .
 this is a nice and thin watch , but is almost useless in the dark because it lacks of any source of light ; it 's a lie that it glows in the dark .
 It 's one of the most attractive watches . However I was disappointed in three areas . 1 . The crystal is not `` mineral crystal '' as adverised . It 's glass and scratched very easily . 2 . The catch does not hold as well as expected . Mine unclasped and fell off my wrist several times in the 6 months I 've owned it . 3 . This may not be important as to its functionality , but although it says `` Skagen Denmark '' which I thought implied it was made in Denmark , on the back in small print it says `` Made in China '' .
 I live in an Assisted Living Facility . Thus , I do not live a rugged life . This watch appeared handsome when I bought it . But within 6 months a crack appeared in the crystal . And the crack got larger and larger , well , enough said . I contacted Skagan about their warranty . It does n't cover the crystal . They wanted $ 40 + to replace it , no way . I just cut my losses right there . I bought a second Skagan , different model . It 's just laying on my desk . Yea , the crystal shattered on that one also . $ 40 + to fix that one too . First time , shame on you . 2d time , shame on , well , shame on me ! There will be no 3d Skagan .
 I love the design of this watch , and will probably replace it with another Skagen watch , but I 'll be steering away from steel mesh wristbands from now on . The band is very long and inflexible , and the excess wraps up on the underside of the watch . Since it does n't bend well , if you have a lot of excess it will cause the band to bow out and not lay flat on the wrist . Thought about cutting some of the band out , but I 'll probably take the conservative route and just return it for a watch with a different band material .
 I 've bought 3 batteries in 4 years . Heck , the battery is dead now . The mesh black has faded off . I am basically wearing it for fashion with hopes nobody asks me what time it is . I also got a all gold color one . Same exact thing , the battery is dead and i am wearing it for style . Until I find something that looks about the same and better , probably will not get another .
 This watch was broken within five minutes of unpacking . The face of the watch literally just popped right off the band . Very disappointing as this watch is pretty great looking , but VERY poorly made . I will not be ordering another .
 the product is good , the ad said that the band was actually titanium and it is not , it saddened me a bit .
 I purchased this watch in March 2012 and have worn it almost daily since . It was my new weekday watch as it was lightweight , sleek , and professional . The large face is very easy to read at a glance . Those are the major positives of this watch.Unfortunately , appearances alone do not make a watch great . Its primary function -LRB- for me , at least -RRB- is to tell time . Despite carrying a cell phone , I prefer the simple movement of looking at my wrist to check the time . In the past week , I have noticed that my watch was consistently losing time versus other clocks in my workplace . I started double-checking my watch against my cell phone and noticed the same phenomenon . I am consistently losing 1 minute every 24 hours.Given that it is failing at its primary function , I had to rate this item harshly . While it is packaged wonderfully , the core mechanism just does n't work well enough .
 The watch still runs , but the mesh band is worthless . One snag on a sweater , and it fell to shreds.Prior to that , the black coating was wearing off , the clasp was only moderately secure , and replacement ? A reasonable $ 15 for the band with a Danish `` Up Yours '' shipping fee of $ 9 . Kind of tells you what the watch is worth.I also felt that the pin attachment of band to watch was weak and poorly designed.I found a Fossil Men 's Watch FS4439 that is infinitely better made , more attractive and the same price.Skip this one .
 This watch is a beauty . It is sleek and cool . I received so many compliments.Problem is , the black paint on the titanium mesh is coming off.Now , a couple pieces of the mesh are coming off as well.Not as good quality as I thought.Skagen offered to replce it for $ 33.95 + shipping.Customer service and warranty are lacking.All in all , I ca n't recommend it .
 I was really excited about this item . My boyfriend saw it on those airline magazines coming back from Bali . It was very expensive on there , more than a hundred bucks ! So , when I found it on Amazon for 70 something dollars , I believe , I decided to get it for Xmas for him , even though it was way in advance.Well , long story short , Xmas is here and he opened the gift . It does n't suit his wrist . The strap starting from the watch creates an oddly semi-rigid shaped arch that does n't sit well on smaller wrists like his , especially when the quadrant is so wide . Well , it 's too late to return it -LRB- Amazon return policy is thirty days -RRB- so I decide to keep it for myself.Grave disappointment . The clasp uses an odd method and does n't feel very secure . I keep checking that it 's still around my wrist and before I entirely figured out how I was meant to close it , it slipped away a couple of times , but luckily I was able to catch it before fall both times.The quality overall is not very good . After only two days , the black clasp is already discoloring and showing the metal underneath and the watch -LRB- glass and frame -RRB- are all scratched . Now , it 's winter , I am wearing long sleeves that keep it covered all the time and I only went to the office these last two days ! And it 's not like it 's rolling under my wrist , it 's always on top -LRB- now that I have figured the clasp out ! -RRB- . I would n't recommend it . This is a low-quality market stall kind of watch for which I would spend no more than 20 bucks . It looks good , and people like it , though , so if style is the only thing you are looking for , then go for it . Otherwise forget about it .
 Looks great , quite beautiful , really , but you risk losing the watch when the clap pops off . Even if the claps appears functional and fine -- `` OOPS , there it is n't '' . If you are lucky , you will find this little beauty on the floor or maybe under your brake pedal . If you are unlucky , it is gone . The liberal guarantee that is provided is useless if the watch vanishes.On the other hand , it probably does make a nice target for thieves in crowds . They may be less likely to go for your wallet and more likely to go for the watch.Admittedly , this watch is a tough little fellow . It withstands repeated falls to the floor and like the Timex watches of the 1950s , keeps a tickin ' . You can even step on it , which you will , and it will not scratch or stop . Replace the band and you have a nice watch .
 This is a very nice watch but the band clip is the worst that I have ever seen . I would not recommend this product to anyone looking to buy a watch .
 Looks great at first , the band lost it 's color within weeks from normal wear , the day display is too small to see . I should have read the reviews .
 This is my 2nd Skagen watch of this style . My first one lasted for years -LRB- worn nearly every day -RRB- and I finally decided to replace it because it was looking worn . I purchased this watch in August and have already noticed that the black is wearing off the band and buckle area . Very disappointing . The first watch also laid flatter against my wrest , while this new one does n't bend as easily - sits up higher .
 Read most of the reviews , but deceided to purchase it anyway . Should have paid attention to the customers who returned the watch . Like others have said , the watch band would not stay clasped and kept falling off my wrist.Loved the watch , too bad I had to return it .
 This is a very attractive , thin , and lightweight watch with an unusual fold-over clasp that holds the metal mesh braclet together . I have worn the watch four times . Each time the clasp has opened up and the watch has fallen to the ground . I have had the watch longer than 30 days so Amazon will not give me a full refund.One of these days it will fall off and disappear .02 02 2011 ************* UPDATE ************ Since I am stuck with this watch , I worked harder to see if I could get the clasp to work better . I did.The main issue seems to be getting the inner clasp locked properly . Unfortuneately , every thing is the same color -LRB- black -RRB- and it is difficult to see the prongs and the small bar that they fit over . My new process is to lay my arm on a desk under a strong light so that I can see the prongs and the bar and then seat them correctly . After that , close the outer clasp . A bit of a nusance and impossible without the strong light.Nice looking watch though .03 / 09/2011 ************ another update *********** watch fell off again . This time inside my sleeve . Be careful with the clasp ! 05/10/2011
 The watch is thing , and nice . But here are the problems : Glass breaks easily , and company wo n't repair.Band while very strong loses the color quickly , and has problem with the closing mechanism.The Day display is very tiny and if you have trouble reading tiny print w/o reading glasses then you will probably not be able to read it.The Day number is basically 1 through 31 , and has no clue as to which month it is . So you have to change it often . Now each time you wish to change it , say you want to go from 31 to 30 then you have to turn the clock dials completely 60 time !!!
 However he had to return it due to the black wearing off of the band . We had read other reviews of this happening but purchased it anyway . We returned it to order a different style . Not up to Skagen standards with the band quality .
 I am sure that Skagen makes a good watch , unfortunately I was not able to experience ownership for any length of time because the clasp mechanism design that Skagen has incorporated on the Men 's 233XLTMB Titanium Watch does not stay closed with any type of normal ware . Even after sending it back to Skagen to have the problem fixed it was returned with the same problem . You would think that with the use of one of the hardest mettles in the world it would make for a solid closing mechanism but it is all about the design . I swapped it for a new one and it came with the same problem -LRB- Three Strikes -RRB- . Just shake your wrist a little while wearing it and the clasp would drop open thus risking the watch falling to the floor .
 If you decide to purchase this watch , whatever you do , do n't buy it from -LSB- ... -RSB- I purchased this watch for my 15 year old son for Christmas in 2008 . He wore it for a while and it did not keep correct time . I took it to a jeweler who told me that it had a lifetime warranty through Skagen , but that I would have to send it back to the dealer where I bought it since and they would return it to Skagen . I returned it and Mytimepiece.com would not repair or replace the watch or return it to Skagen . I spent -LSB- ... -RSB- on a watch that is worthless and my son is devastated . I will never do business with MyTimePiece again . I feel completely robbed .
 Masterpiece Jewels , Inc -LRB- It ` sAboutTime -RRB- sent a watch in the packaging for the 233XLTMB , but the watch they sent was in fact a 233XLTBBC , a cheaper watch than was paid for . http://www.amazon.com/gp/aag/details/ref=aag_m_ss?ie=UTF8&isAmazonFulfilled=1&marketplaceID=ATVPDKIKX0DER&isCBA=&seller=A3W4OSIDRTNLCE#aag_legalInfo
 I have a prior Skagen that I love for it 's size . So when I saw this online in black , I thought cool I can now have two in different colors.The new watch is 4mm larger . I have small wrists so this looks a little out of place . One of the major reasons for going with Skagen was the reasonable size and slimness.Point number two , it 's not as slim as the previous watch , but still manageable.Point three , the band sucks . Looks nice until you try to close it around anything less than a 9 '' wrist . Seems there are tabs on the backside where it connects to the watch that do not allow for the band to extend downward past 30 degrees -LRB- it 's preset -RRB- no movement.Now I can opt to change bands for an additional $ 40 or sell the watch outright . Buyer beware .
 I loved the look and feel of this timepiece . However , within weeks of light usage they crystal broke . Naturally , that is not covered by the warranty . I wonder why ? I then ordered a new crystal on my own dime -LRB- $ 25 plus shipping -RRB- . While I waited , I wore the watch . I needed to know what time it was ! During my wait , the watch fastening mechanism failed THREE times , sending my watch to the floor , denting the watch . When I received my crystal and had it put in , the crystal lasted 2 days before breaking on the end of my desk at work -LRB- which has a rubberized edge , by the way -RRB- . ABSOLUTE JUNK and Skagen knows it -- they warranty all but the crystal . MANY other watch-makers warranty the crystal . I will be choosing a different brand today . I strongly suggest you do the same .
 I have purchased two of these watches , I love the design . The first one had a cracked crystal after only 2 months wear . It was not covered by guarantee , so I paid the $ 25 + $ 8.95 shipping , a month or so later it was returned - with major damage to the case back where they opened it . I called the company , and was only able to leave a message . I asked to be called back and explained the problem - no call back yet!So if you would like a good looking watch and you do n't mind if it breaks or if the service is terrible , buy a Skagen.Follow-up . They sent a replacement watch which has worked flawlessly since day one . I REALLY like the design .
 I purchased this watch from Amazon on April 25 and arrived at my home on May 1 , 2012 . This was a gift for my dad and I presented it to him on June 6 , 2012 . On September 13 , he started complaining about that the watch is not working and then I called amazon on November and it is a gone case . The warranty department says after 20 minutes of waiting that the crown is not covered under the warranty . I called amazon back and discussed the warranty issue with them . Amazon told me that they -LRB- The warranty company - NEW warranty -RRB- should be able to repair it so I contacted the warranty company back with no luck.Update 1
 This watch looked so great in the ad , had nice reviews and was priced so reasonably , I figured how could I go wrong . Boy did I find out how wrong I could be . Watch was received on time & I was very pleased when I opened up the package . That 's when the fun ended . The mesh band was way too large for my wrist & so I carefully followed the adjustment instructions -LRB- as minimal as they were & in print & illustrations so tiny I needed a magnifying glass to read them . -RRB- The problem was once I released the buckle as the instructions told me to do , it disengaged from the band and despite 3 hours of trying to connect the buckle to the band , it would n't . After that amount of time I came to the realization that if I was having this much of a problem now , I could pretty well count on additional frustration in the future , assuming I could ever get the buckle to properly engage . So before damaging it and rendering it non-returnable , I decided to package it all back up and return to the sender . Maybe I had just a fluke but reading other reviews , I noticed others also complained about the band coming unattached when wearing it . I plan to go back to the old tried and true and infinitely more reliable leather band .11 / 12/12 Update
 Well , the watch was great for several months . Then the stem used to change the time/date fell out making the watch worthless .
 Skagen men 's 233xlttn titanium watch was returned face was too large . Ordered another with smaller face . Was otherwise happy with product .
 Loved the look and feel of the watch , but it practically fell off my arm a half dozen times the first day I wore it . I 'm a thin guy and liked the idea of watch that did n't look too big or heavy on my skinny arm . While it met that criteria , the band clasp continually came undone . Tried several different tricks in attempt to solve the problem , but ultimately had to return the watch . Disappointing !
 I bought this watch from amazon three weeks ago , and delivered as I expected . Today , the band fell off from the watch . It seems the titanium band was glued to the watch . Anybody has any suggestion to resolve this issue ? I want to call Amazon or Skagen to get refund or repalcement , any number to call ?
 At my age I should know that if something looks too good to be true ... it probably is . In that respect this watch did not dissapoint . The fine styling and sleek look of the piece made me think that the price was a bargain . Yet I feel like I bought this off of some guy at a carnival.The watch did look great , light and sleek and simple to operate . I set the time , I set the day , and `` clicked '' it and the second hand began moving . I put it on me and love the thin light feel to it . I got five minutes from my home -LRB- on my way to work ... on my birthday -RRB- only to discover that the watch ceased working!Dead as a doornail . I do not know if it is merely the battery , but a watch that breaks down within 5 min . of ownership is NOT a good sign , and for me that makes this junk . I am happily returning it for a refund .
 Clasp poorly constructed & watch would not stay on for more than a few minutes . Even minor friction on sleeves caused the clasp to disengage . Returned within < 1 week
 I bought this watch in December of 2011 . It looks ten times better in person and I loved it at first . However , after a couple months of normal , everyday use , the left side of the band popped out of the case . My watch clearly was not `` Incredibly strong '' like Amazon claimed.I 'm now getting a full refund for the watch . I realize that this could just be a single strange scenario because of all the positive reviews , but I obviously was not pleased with the product .
 I bought this watch four years ago . The watch looks great but within a year a couple of strands from the mesh band came loose and started ripping my jackets and shirt sleeves . The replacement band cost almost as much as the watch itself , but I replaced it.Three years later , the glass case cracked . This will also cost as much almost the price of the watch to repair .
 I just got the watch today and when I had to adjust the band to fit by bigger wrists it busted . The clock part of the watch seems very decent but the band is total junk . The watch says made in Denmark , so it should be excellent quality as I have bought many things from the region &#34; always top quality . &#34; But they must have outsourced the band because even if I did n't have to make any adjustments to it , I can tell it would n't have lasted more then a week .
 It took me reading some else 's review to finally read the tiny manual and figure out how to secure the clasp !! I like the watch enough - great looking and comfortable!NEW BELOW : It was pretty cool for almost 2 years ... . but is no longer functioning . I replaced the batterry , but am unable to set the time . So , I guess you should n't expect it to last more that about 22 months !
 When people said that this watch is meant for casual wear i did n't realyze what casual actually meant . When i first bought the watch a week later i wore it to a wedding . Due to a lot of clapping that was going on it just fell off my wrist due to the bracelet pin failing and falling somewhere on the crouded floor . Dissapointed i took the watch for repairs . It came back seemingly normal and in what looked like good shape . One day later i bent my wrist backwards slightly while leaning on the wall and same problem occured . I took it to repairs yet again . And few days later same thing . The watch looks great works great too , as long as you do n't touch it or move your arms around a lot or put any strain on the bracelet what so ever .
 This bang is beautiful but impossible to hook the clasp . It is missing the connection between the two sides of the band that allows you to slip it on and then latch . It is a twoPart step . If I had two hands it wod be easy . But with one hand almost impossible .
 Strap was frozen and could not be adjusted . Strap lock did not engage properly and prone to coming loose . Strap locking mechanism was not the same as shown in on site photo . Was cheap imitatation.The watch was running indicating it had been returned previously . It has Pacific Cost time indicating where it was returned from .
 Picture color is wrong -- definitely not the light silver color in the photos . Appears to be a nice watch , but the one I received is very dark gray . The model number on the package and the back of the watch match the listing , but it 's not the watch pictured .
 This is very attractive watch ; HOWEVER the clasp is not user friendly and does not stay closed . My husband requested it be returned because it fell off 4 times the first day he wore it .
 I ordered this watch because of all the amazing reviews posted here . But after I got it , I was rather disappointed . I felt I really needed to post a more level headed review here so it can help others . I ca n't understand why so many people come in their pants over this watch . It 's as plain looking as it gets . The minute and hour arms are so thin that you can hardly tell them apart . The calender window is so small that you have to move the watch right into your face . And I 'm 30 years old and do n't even wear glasses . The dial color looks more like black than blue . It 's not a shiny bright blue as shown on the picture here . I noticed a lot of kids in my college started wearing this watch and others made by Skagen . So it looks like a fad . Thanks to amazon 's great customer service , I returned the watch and bought a Citizen which I 'm very happy with .
 Very nice looking , and the illusion of being slim ... but the clasp started undoing itself within a year . Yes , suddenly the watch would almost fall off my hand . Replaced it with a model with leather strap , but one day the crystal just ... cracked ! For no reason . Skagen is junk .
 I have small wrists , and I want a watch to match . Unfortunately , there are n't many small -LRB- in both diameter and thickness -RRB- men 's watches out there today . So when I found this sleek and stylish watch , I was very interested . However , I had two problems with it which ultimately led to its return to Amazon .1 -RRB- The wrist strap does not flex nearly as well as you would expect . In fact , at the point where the strap connects to the watch case , there is only about 30 degrees of motion . For someone with a small wrist , this means that the watch band will not sit against your wrist , resulting in a very poor fit .2 -RRB- When I put on the watch for the first time and tried to tighten the band to better fit my wrist , the mesh strap separated from the case . The weld used to attach the strap to the case was practically non-existent . Mind you , this is n't a problem with the clasp as several other people have had . The watch band actually broke off the watch case . Back into the box it went for return to Amazon.While I give this watch high marks for its size and style , I give it low marks for the strap design and quality .
 Beautiful watch intended as Christmas gift for my husband , but it arrived with the catch not functioning at all . Returned the watch and received a replacement which had the EXACT SAME problem . It 's unfortunate that Skagen can make such a beautiful watch and yet not have quality control of their products . I had considered trying a third watch , but decided that I could n't trust the company to provide a reliable product . .
 I bought this watch as a gift for my fiance ' who has skin allergies because it is advertised as all titanium . After wearing his new watch his wrist began to break out around the area where the clasp touches his skin . Apparently , the watch and band are titanium , but they make the clasp with stainless steel -LRB- which he is allergic to -RRB- . Very disappointing .
 This is a beautiful watch . The band however is not functional for everyday wear . If you plan to use this only when going out or formal affairs , great . When the band breaks it is not easily replaceable . Mine broke and I bought a Timex .
 This is a great watch to wear casually or formally.It works very well , easy to read and is stunningly elegant in its design.Amazon was a fantastic place to get it . The Best Price and the shipping was quick .
 This watch seemed a bit different than other Skagen watches that I have had or looked at and seemed a bit cheap looking . The pin holding the band on broke off after only a couple weeks . Although it keeps good time , it ' not a great watch . Next time I buy a watch I think I will want to see it in person .
 I bought this watch because I liked the mesh band , the thin face , and the overall sleek look . When I got it , I was very happy at first , but after wearing it around for about 2 weeks , the face cracked . I called Skagen 's customer service , and they told me that this was a common problem with this watch , and that if I sent it in , they would replce it with a stronger crystal , for free . -LRB- Of course I had to pay shipping and handling both ways , which came to about $ 20 total -RRB- . So I sent it in and got it back good as new about a month later , which was fine . But then 10 days later , it cracked again !!! I assure you that I was n't wearing the watch while playing sports or doing anything that would cause it to crack . I looked at my watch , went into Banana Republic to buy a shirt and then looked again and it was cracked . Stay away from this watch .
 This watch is lightweight and elegant in appearance . But the clasp loosened repeatedly in ordinary wear . I returned the item for credit .
 I bought the titanium watch because of the style and size - I have small wrists.The big negatives - as with some other reviewers , the crystal broke . I have no recollection of banging it . Just one day I saw it was broken . Secondly , the small hands and shiny surfaces make it hard to read except in good light.On the positive side , it looks good , and keeps good time . Be wary.CMJ
 This is the second time I bought this Skagen watch through Amazon , most recently in Nov. 2012 . I love the look of the watch and how it performs . However , both times the flex band broke . The band ca n't be replaced - I 've tried to order new bands and taken the watches to watch makers with no success . You have to measure the look and utility of the watch against its poor flex band that will make it a short lived timepiece . Wish they had a different band . They have lost me as a client
 Some things you just need to see them frst hand , this is an ok watch for the price but I dont really wear it
 I bought this watch thinking that it looked like a great quality product , and within 3 weeks of wearing it on and off , the wristband snapped off . Apparently it is adhered with a sort of epoxy . It did n't last . Now I have the watch , but no wristband . This did not happen because of a violent or abusive action to the watch , it was merely through daily wear and tear . This is a true account of my experience .
 I really liked this nicely styled watch by Skagen and ignored the comments from others about problems with a cracked crystal.I wore the Skagen to the office one day and noticed that the crystal cracked . I had only worn it about 20 times and I never had any blows or hard bumps to the watch . It looked like it just got brittle and cracked . I could replace it for about $ 50 with shipping , but since I paid under $ 100 for this watch , I did not want think it worth it . I will not be purchasing any more Skagen watches in the future and will take comments about product defects more seriously next time .
 I wear my watches upside-down , with the face on the inside of my wrist . I could not go longer than 3 hours or so without the adjustment knob popping out and stopping the watch . Looks great , but at that point , it 's just useless jewelery .
 Bought first time the watch and after a while the glass cracked . I thought , bad luck . Bought again the same watch , and the glass broke after a few months again . Both cracks were certainly not related to physical miss treatment . I did inform the company about , but never got a replay .
 This is a nice-looking watch , and very slender.However , there are two things a watch absolutely needs to do . 1 -RRB- Tell time . 2 -RRB- Stay on your wrist.This watch tells time accurately . However , in the 3 months I owned it , the poor latch system caused it to fall off my wrist at least four or five times -LRB- I lead a fairly active lifestyle and rarely take off my watch -RRB- . Today , I did n't notice that it fell off my wrist while I was walking through town ; now it is someone else 's watch with a lousy latch .
 Bought a Skagen as spare , kept in a draw and the glass cracked without wearing - looked on the internet and hey , this is normal !
 I have had this watch in a zip loc bag for the last year ! I have taken the watch to several watch stores ... and they can not fix it as the -LRB- tricky -RRB- latch on the watch has to be soldered back on to the band ! This watch lasted on my arm for less than a month . This is a sever disappointment as the watch is not inexpensive!On the plus side , the watch is very handsome .
 I purchased the watch in January as a birthday present based solely on the Seiko name and my positive prior experiences with them . The new watch was worn for less than one month before scratches appeared all over the watch band and crystal . The wearer is an office manager in a dental practice , not exactly a place that should scratch something like a Seiko . Or so I thought.We returned the watch and the short story is they do n't cover cosmetic issues . Paid another 50 dollars to have the band replaced -LRB- crystal was supposed to be replaced to , but they forgot - was n't charged -RRB- . In subsequent phone calls to Seiko , was eventually told we should have bought their Pulsar brand , as they are fully covered . They have an effective system of keeping you from talking to a manager , which just added to the frustration.Granted it was an inexpensive watch , but I now have 50 % more invested in just the new band -LRB- plus it came back un-sized so it meant another trip to the jeweler for sizing -RRB- . A lousy experience all around , and a surefire way to make sure I do n't by another Seiko . Makes me look at my two other Seiko watches with disappointment despite both being solid and tough as a tank . -- I should add that the watch was purchased here on Amazon but fulfilled by BBQGuys who were completely unresponsive . I wonder if the the watch is n't a counterfeit , esp . after looking at the other reviews .
 In the dark , the second is visible but the minute and the hour are almost invisible ; though I do n't live by the second . It 's heavy too . But it is reliable so far .
 The face is so small and the band is so short . It 's good for a boy or a woman , not a man . I gave it to my wife . What a rip off.Addendum
 ad did not give correct size of dial-had to return it-it was smaller than advertised
 I received this watch with a size 18 band . I have average wrists . It would not fit . The watch band is short for all but those with small wrists because of how the clasp relates to the band holes .
 Disappointed with this product . It looks alot bigger and more elegant in the photo online .
 I bought the watch for a gift , but I 'm really thing can be made of better material and have a better look .
 The watch is fine , but the battery died the first week . Seems like this must have been in stock a looooong time .
 Once the order was completed they changed the delivery date by 10 days , when I went to their web site to complain I discovered that they sold the same watch on their site $ 25.00 cheaper !
 For a man 's watch the face dial was smaller than expected . Returned the watch for another Movado Gentry model .
 I liked this watch when I first received it . But it stopped working after a few weeks . It might just have been the battery . But a new watch costing several hundred dollars should not have problems in only a few weeks , so I returned it . Bummer .
 Unfortunately , the watch I wanted was not in stock . The watch I received was not the watch I wanted . The sellers were unaware that it was n't the watch . I wanted the one with a larger expansion band , but received the regular expansion band watch . I returned the watch to them , and they refunded me without any problem . They were very pleasant to deal with .
 If you need to replace a used battery you will be charged at least $ 45 plus shipping and handling!If you do not pay the $ 40 waterproof test you will lose that feature!More than that , they had broken the watch 's cronograph and their quality control -LRB- do they have one ?! -RRB- did nothing ! I do not recommend you buying this kind of Seiko watches !
 I was really upset to know that the watch stopped after 2 months . I bought it as a present for Christmas , but when I was going to present it , I realized that it stopped . Thanks to Amazon team , they value customers and initiated refund of my money as soon as I would send the defected product .
 Bought the watch in September for a Christmas gift . Watch lasted about a month then stopped working -LRB- not a battery problem -RRB- . Amazon said it was past there 30 day warranty period and would not help . Told me to contact Seiko . Would n't buy a Seiko or from Amazon again .
 Buyer beware
 This watch was very pretty , but that was the only good thing about it . The watch is advertised as water resistant to 30m , but it is not . It does not have `` water resistant '' inscribed on the back and upon contacting Seiko , I was told that this model is n't water resistant . The warranty card that comes with the watch must be completely filled out by the dealer or it is invalid , and the card had not been filled out so the warranty advertised does not exist . There were several small scratches on the face of the watch when I received it , and worst of all , the watch would not keep time . It lost nearly five minutes a day for each day I had it . I have since sent the watch back and am waiting to see if the company that sold it 's service is any better than their product .
 I bought this watch as a gift for my mother and the 2nd day she wore it we discovered that water leaked . Nice watch though , but I had to return it . I was very disappointed .
 I puchased this watch in mid April and started wearing it in May . Soon , the pins holding the watch band together started partially slipping out , but just slightly . In mid June , one slipped out entirely and vanished.The watch is not wearable . If I replace the missing pin , another would likely fall out . Luckly , the watch band separated at my house , so at least I still have watch.Repair policy is vague and I am still not clear on course of action . I do n't feel like purchasing a replacement band at my cost after such a short usage .
 The finish on the watch and band is cheap . The latch on the band pops off every time you bend your wrist back . The watch is useless in the dark . It 's a $ 20 watch at best .
 It is either this watch does not have tritium or the tritium glow is quite weak . I got the watch and tested it in the dark , it was not brighter than my Casio watch .
 I received the watch and it didnt work , figured it was the battery so I took it for a new battery and the jeweler said the battery was fine and that it might be the coil or entire insides ... very disappointed , I hope they make guns better than they do watches
 This watch is great except the finish on the band wears off extremely fast . I have worn mone for about 2 weeks and the band shows extreme signs of wear . This is the second one of these I have had , and the problem exists with both of them .
 The watch is much better looking than in the picture . The blue is darker , almost purple , and the triangular number markings are copper color . Looks fantastic ! Unfortunately the watch is junk . The first one stopped working after a couple weeks of wearing . Amazon replaced it but the second one was dead on arrival . The self winding mechanism was frozen . Additionally the hands do not glow in the dark , at least enough so that you can read them ! I would not recommend buying this model .
 Got this same watch -LRB- different color band -RRB- from ShopNBC for $ 84 . It was a nice style but very , very thick and uncomrtable to have on ... plus the strap was so thick that I could n't get it to close properly ... I had to return it because it was essentially unwearable .
 I loved the look of this watch and have been wearing it almost daily since I received it , however - I was very upset that the battery was dead when it arrived . The money I saved from buying online was lost due to the $ 14.00 cost of a new battery at my local jewelery store . The watch was sold in new condition and sellers need to be sure their product works as advertised before they ship it !!! A `` new '' watch should have a `` new '' battery in it .
 I had a very bad experience with this product . When I received the watch , it was not working . I asked the company to exchange this . They sent me another watch and I mailed back the bad watch to them . To my surprise , I found this exchanged watch was also a bad one . It stopped working after 3/4 days . I can not simply believe this . I have been shopping using Amazon for a long time . Bought many watches in past 5 years . Never received a bad watch -LRB- which is supposed to be a brand new Seiko women 's watch -RRB- for the second time . I would ask for my money back this time . I wo n't recommend anyone to buy this particular model Seiko watch from MisterOnline .
 I had to return this watch . The Accutron is one of my favorite brands . They usually make very elegant , impressive diamond watches . But this particullar one was somewhat dull , the diamonds were so tiny that you could not even see any blick at all . Plus they were way smaller in diameter than you would think by looking at the picture . I guess , for a price it was a match but I was hoping to get much more for a steal . Did not work out : -RRB-
 I got it for a diving trip , seemed to have good selection of features . The digital time worked , but the hands kept stopping each time I reset them . I tried to figure out how to contact the seller , and could not , so I returned it for refund .
 Though the watch runs , the seconds hand does not move . I gave the watch as a birthday gift to my nephew , thinking he can read the instructions and figure out a way to move the seconds hand . But , that did not work . It was a bad idea to buy something like this online .
 I can not comment about the watch because the watch I recd . looked as if someone used it for a good period of time and then returned to Amazon . The box it was sitting in was also not like fresh looking , my heart broke to see the condition of the watch and the box and even though I had liked the picture and features of the watch but I could not keep it in the way I recd . it , hence I returned the watch by next post . So it 's not about the watch folks .
 I have had one of these watches for many years and like another poster would probably buy another if mine failed . I have had 3 or 4 crystals replaced , as they seem to scratch easily but I like the look and feel of the band . It keeps good time , though the date window is a bit small.But I think that paying $ 200 + for one of these is nuts . Citizen turns out watches just like these that sell all over the planet for 1/4 that price . I think that I bought mine for around $ 150 . It 's a great watch but a lousy price . Check with your local Seiko retailer -LRB- like a jewelry store -RRB- . They are dead these days and would love to sell you a watch for a few bucks over cost .
 Watchzone has a lowest price guarantee so I emailed them asking them to honor this . After 6 days waiting for an answer , I had to email them back asking them to answer my original question . They finally answered and I received this short answer : `` your price match has not been approved , the website for wristwatch is not working . . '' however everyone else I send this link to -LRB- see below -RRB- says it works fine.Since you ca n't add URL 's to reviews , all you need to do is Google Diesel DZ5087 and click the 3rd link from wristwatchking and you will see the link -LRB- s -RRB- I sent . I sent the link shown on Google as well as the redirected link.I will not do business with them . Poor service and does n't honor their guarantee blaming their own ineptitude at following links .
 I bought this watch in january and have had nothing but problems with it . About a month after purchasing it , the bar that holds the watch to the strap attached to the caribeaner clip broke . I returned it to Pedre and after about 3 weeks it was returned to me . Two days after getting it back from Pedre , the spring in the caribeaner clip broke , which I replaced myself . About a month after that , the watch stopped running from time to time . I had the battery replaced , but the watch continues to keep poor time . I have bought another watch and will not be buying anything else from Pedre .
 Do not buy this watch if you care anything about water resistance , and do not buy anything from KG Company . I bought one of these watches in February . Although it is supposed to be water resistant to 50 meters , a short foray in a four-foot swimming pool left it full of water and not working . It was within the 30-day return period , so I returned it . Having always had good experiences with Seiko watches , I attributed the failure to the inevitable occasional lemon that any manufacturer might produce and ordered another one . This time , I went into a five-foot-deep swimming pool -LRB- although the watch was probably never more than 1-1/2 to 2 feet underwater -RRB- , and it immediately filled up with water and stopped working . Unfortunately , by this time , it was a few days after the 30-day return period had elapsed , so I contacted the Amazon seller -LRB- KG Company -RRB- and told them what happened.I got the following response from KG
 i got it promptly for amazon which was great , it was for my mother in law for mothers day . It looked gorgeous online and when i got it but it stopped working the following day , now i have to take it to a local shop here to try and get it fixed .
 Received the watch it is beautiful . Took to jeweler to get links taken out . Jeweler informed me needs new movement . That would cost more than the watch . Terrible for a Seiko
 I bought this watch due to the fact that I THOUGHT it was a kinetic watch . First of all , the blue box is NOT worth the price of the gift wrap option !! 2nd of all , it was NOT a kinetic watch !!!! Unfortunately , I did not examine the piece thoroughly when I first received it . Here it is , Christmas Eve and I wanted to make sure it had a full `` charge '' before I wrapped it . I 've bought kinetic watches before and you can hear the `` ding '' when you sway it back and forth to charge it . Well , mine did n't have a ding , so I began to examine the watch more thoroughly . Finally , I went on Seiko 's website and sure enough , it 's just a regular battery operated watch . The watch itself is gorgeous , but I 'm very angry about being misled . It 's partially my own fault for not knowing that `` Quartz '' does not mean Kinetic , but for the fact they advertised as Kinetic , I had total faith in getting what was titled . I should have done my homework more precise prior to purchasing , so I am advising the rest of you out there to research this company 's products before you buy . What you see may not be what you are getting .
 I was looking for a man 's watch that was not large . I purchased this one thinking that it would be the right size . I was larger and heavier that I would have thought . I returned this item .
 After spending 40 years with a watch on my wrist , and changing watches every couple of years without breaking a single one of them , I decided to buy a watch that I * really * liked , that I would keep for a while , and that would not have to send back to Seiko every two years for battery changes -LRB- for waterproofing -RRB- . So I bought this one.I cracked the Hardlex `` crystal '' twice in 12 months . The first time I had it replaced . The second time I am calling it quits . How is it possible for this material to break so easily , when I have never previously broken a watch ? I can not be that hard on them ... Hardlex -LRB- or the variety of it that comes on this watch , since Seiko uses different varieties for different watches -RRB- simply can not be classified as good quality protection for this watch . Possibly the glass does not have enough curve and is too flat in this watch to resist impact ?
 This is a very attractive watch and seems to work well once you subject it to enough movement . Therein lies the problem -- seems that you have to wear it every day in order for the `` kinetic '' function to keep time . I bought this for my boyfriend since I love my Citizen Eco-drive and expected Seiko 's kinetic system to be similar . I was wrong . I have had my Citizen for years without any problem , even if I do n't wear it for a period of time . Since my boyfriend has a blue collar job , he does n't wear this dress watch every day . When he does wear it , he has to reset it and give it enough motion to get it to work . We are quite disappointed . My intent was to give him something with less maintenance , not more . Wish I had bought a battery-operated watch instead . If you 're not going to wear it every day , I 'd suggest you purchase another brand or a battery model .
 Nice looking watch , but not very reliable . Have to send it back for warranty work . Worn very little only for dress and it has been well cared for . Not what I expect from Seiko .
 There are numerous glowing reviews however I 'm beginning to wonder if I 've joined the couple on the bottom . I bought this watch 9/14/11 , and from the outset I think the vibes -LRB- no kinetic pun intended -RRB- were not very good . This watch was a replacement for the same watch -LRB- only an older model , not so shiny anymore -RRB- which I had worn into the ground , however the old watch was still the most accurate timepiece I own and still working very good.With this new watch , the power reserve does n't build up . Initially I followed instructions and swung the watch from side to side 500 + times , the watch second hand still double clicked at two-second intervals ! I contacted the warranty department and followed their advice , swung the watch more , eventually up to 2,000 times . The most charge I could achieve was 5 seconds on the power reserve indicator . The new watch ultimately functioned normally at one-second single clicks , I could never achieve more than a 5 second power reserve however ! My old watch after sitting on my desk for 2 months still had a 20 seconds power reserve !! I wore the new watch daily , for my morning 2 mile walks and otherwise . Today , 11/11/11 , I put on my watch and observed it to be 2 hours and 40 minutes behind with the second hand double clicking at two-second intervals ! I THINK THIS WATCH HAS A DEFECTIVE POWER RESERVE MECHANISM ! Wonder how many others may have experienced this problem ? Sad when you buy a new product and have to spend $ 11 to send it in for warranty less than 2 months later . I 'm very disappointed and beginning to wonder what I will get back , a new warranty repaired lemon ? If I could have my old Seiko Kinetic refurbished to look like new , I think I would end up being much happier !
 Mens Arctura Kinetic Watch -- After owning my Seiko Men 's Kinetic SKH676 watch for ca. 8 - 10 years , it suddenly slowed and stopped running in just one day . Upon searching the internet , I learned that these `` kinetic watches '' do n't last without an expensive replacement of the capacitor / rechargeable battery . I sent my watch to Seiko 's repair center and learned that the cost to repair would be $ 76.97 plus $ 10.50 ship/deliver , an $ 87.47 total cost -- not including my USPS mail to cost of ca . $ 8.00 with insurance and delivery confirmation . In summary , operating cost is ca . $ 100.00 repair for a replacement rechargeable battery in ca. 8 to 10 years . Bottom line recommendation
 I have had this watch for about six years now . The batteries died just after the 3-year warranty expired . You can not just get a local jeweler to replace the battery . The battery runs $ 40 + and needs to go back to Seiko to have it done . I had a local jeweler change the battery rather than ship it . The second hand moved in 5 second increments and the perpetual calendar is gone ... there is no calendar . The second battery just died again this weekend . Not going to throw any more good money after bad .
 My wife bought this for me as a gift . She paid over $ 300 6 years ago . It worked fine until the battery died after about 4 years . I went to several Jewelers but none could replace the battery . It had to be sent to the Seiko Service center in new Jersey at a cost of $ 30 ! A few weeks later I received the watch and it was keeping good time but the second had jumps every five seconds . I returned to the jeweler and he contacted the Seiko Service center to see what was going on . I was informed that the watch had to be resynced at a cost of $ 160 !!!!!!!! SEIKO NEVER AGAIN !!!!
 I do not know what the problem was , but this watch did not work when I received it . I was very much disappointed . I had no difficulty in returning the product and getting a full refund . Good customer service , but the product just was not working .
 Came in baggy no marking very thin great for a boys watchFor seiko driving watch I DO NOT THINK SO
 The band did not come with the two -LRB- 2 -RRB- spring bars that the description claims . Looks like this is not the first as other reviewers complained about the missing spring bars . I needed to order the spring bars separately resulting in extra cost and delay . The spring bars should be removed from the Product Features as they are not included with the band !!!!!!!
 This is NOT an original band . Even several items in the picture can be identified as NOT the original as they are advertising . On the origial Z20 , the loop around the buckel end that holds the excess is square . The original Z20 is rounded on the top and bottom . And , they are not even advertising the correct band in the picture . They are showing a 22mm band , when it should be the 20mm .
 About all I can say is I got this item quickly . When cross-referencing with a website to verify if this item was legit , I found it was n't although advertised as &#34; Original &#34; . I 'll be shipping this item back for a refund .
 Sad , but true . Package was opened . Seller said `` this was to insert the pins '' , pure lie . The top opf the package was cut off and pins taped to the package . I checked the marking , the buckle had the wrong marking and font . The look and feel was very cheap . I hade the other band for 5 years . This thing is junk . Wasted almost $ 30 . This is a common problem . Most ca n't tell . Do your homework . This is why the pins do n't work .
 My experience with this band seems to be different than other reviewers . The orginal band on my Seiko Aquamatic lasted only a few months . Great watch , lousy band . It was polyurethane and my experience is that polyurethane bands will crack and break . This was advertised as a rubber watch band . Real rubber will last for years though I have n't seen real rubber watch bands lately . I ordered this as a replacement and in a year or so it also cracked and broke . I replaced with with one I made myself from nylon webbing . The Seiko watch on the other hand is a great self winding watch . The one I have is my second one . The first lasted many years of diving and hard wear .
 Do not buy this product ! This is not a seiko watch band . It is an extremely poor quality fake made in China . The original is rubber - this is more like a hard plastic . The original is designed to expand and contract with a wet suit . This product has some pathetic attempt to make it look like it expands . The part that really ticks me off is there is an oceanic stamp on the strap - not a Seiko Trademark , but has been synomomous with every authentic Seiko dive watch I have ever owned . I do n't know if the seller is aware of what they are selling , and how much of a fraudulent copy it is .
 I 'm very disappointed that there was warranty for this item . I also sent an email to customer service about warranty but still no reply .
 A CHEAP Chinese knockoff . Truly worth only $ 5 . I paid $ 21.95 for total garbage . The only thing that I can say is Caveat Emptor .
 if you want the real thing you are going to have to spend more than double this price , if fake does not bother you , go ahead and get this one . I returned it .
 Slightly chincy rubber ... . seems more plastic ... . but the big problem is that there are supposed to have the spring pins included and IT DOES N'T . not good .
 This strap is made in China and it 's longer than the original . I bought my Seiko diver 's watch back in 1982 and it is a super watch that has never needed service although this is the second replacement strap . The quality is markedly worse than the previous replacement . The material is not rubber , the strap is longer and does not have the flexibility of the earlier version . Also the clasp is a cheap chrome plated material that does not match the body of the watch like the one on the original strap . How much more would this cost to make it in Japan ?
 This rubber band is a rather cheap copy of the original and did not even fit my Seiko Divers model . I do not reccomend it .
 This is 100 % fake seiko wist band that I 've recevied . It a China make cheap rubber band not even worth $ 5 doller so disappoint !!!
 My watch band is not like my original Seiko orange monster dive watch band . This one I ordered looks slightly cheaper . This is disappointing because I really wanted the exact same type of band to show up.So , did Seiko change the style , and I DID receive an accurate replacement ? I am unsure.I do know my Seiko is legit because I bought it at one of the official Seiko stores in Leas Vegas -LRB- premium outlets . -RRB- Luckily , all I needed was the part of the band that holds the excess down .
 Over time the strap stretches , so that the outer part of the bracelet becomes wide enough to trap , for example , the material around your trouser pockets . Not a terrible tragedy - until it starts to fray the material which has so far ruined 2 pairs of trousers ...
 I lightly hit my arm against a door frame and the watch stopped and the stem fell out . I hope it has a warranty and I can find it , otherwise I 'm out $ 70 !
 The lower watch on this dual-face watch quit working after 37 hours . Plus , the watch band began coming apart in under 24 hours . Do n't waste your money on this item .
 The watch itself is very small . I like mid size Timex , but this is smaller then usual . The wrist band is plain piece of rubber band and feels and looks subpar.Decided to return without use .
 In the picture , it showed the different magnification as 5x , 10x , etc. but when it came in , it was listed as 1x , 2x , 3x . I called the company and they said the smaller the number the bigger the magnification . I told them to change the picture to reflect the true eye loupes . Its not a bad product just should be depicted in the picture so that you 're not left wondering what you had ordered .
 The product title says , `` Watchmakers Set of 5 Eye Loupe . '' On the box it says , `` Eye Glass Plastic Set Of Five . '' The product title is very misleading . This set is made of plastic from India . These are definitely not watchmaker 's tools .
 I ordered the set of 5 eye loupe and was sent a single loupe 30x - it was not even an eye loupe so it is totally useless . I need both hands free . There is zero contact information on the invoice - no phone number no website - just an address
 I own this set and as I am a watch nut as I own several . I use them to adjust bands pretty often . I already had an idea how to use what was in the box so it worked for me . However , IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A CLUE , DO NOT BUY ! There are a few pictures of what you can do with SOME of the tools but not all and , there are no other instructions , whatsoever!There is a tool for removing links and for best telling you which one it is , it is the blue tool pictures . This will work for you if you know what you are doing . 1st you better have great eye site or , use a loop or other magnifying device . When lined up exactly right , it is great for pushing the pin that holds the link out . AGAIN , NO INSTRUCTIONS ! Your watch band will have arrows that show the direction the pin needs to be pushed/removed . It will be one direction on on side of the clasp and the oposite direction on the other side . If you need to remove more than one link , you should alternate from one side of the clasp to the other in order to keep the clasp centered . If you do not see well , or if some other reason you do not line everything up right , you will break the punch that pushes the pin . You get two . Two mistakes and the tool is no longer any good for you.You do get two other puches that you can use the very nice hammer that is supplied . Also , a somewhat decent holder for the band while you do this work . The screwdrivers can be picked up about anywhere so , that they are in the set is no big deal.There is also a tool for removing the pins for your watch band and it is made for inside the frame and outside the frame removal . Too technical for me to explain here but again , they could have included instructions , but , did not ! You may be able to figure it out just by looking at it and your watch.Boxed nice and usable to those that know or can figure it out . Also , not a bad buy for those that are going to buy several watches . At about 8 to 10 bucks for sizing charges , if you buy 4 watches and do it your self the thing will pay for itself . Less than this , just take your watch to a jeweler.Lastly , the back removing tool only works on backs that are made to be pried off . Many watch backs are the screw off type and this thing will not work . Also , a good pocket knife works as good if not better to remove the backs that should be pried off.Again , it is OK if you know what you are doing . Would I buy again ? I do n't know for sure . It is 50/50 .
 Not to happy with this particular watch repair toolkit . My link remover tool broke after one use . The screw in motion on the link remover was not spot on and moved around like a offset wheel . If this happens to you , just use the other tools and hammer to tap out the pins and remove the links . All in all a very poor job of manufacturing by paylak . The storage case is nice and other instruments worked well . I do not recommend this to anyone , but if you do buy this , buy a better link remover .
 I received this product today , and immediately packed it back up for return . The box itself is a joke , and looks like it 's been put together by a 3 year old . The tools inside look like something you 'd get at the dollar store . I 'm not sure how much this watch repair stuff is supposed to cost , but anything more than $ 10.00 for this kit is a rip off .
 This works okay but is very cheaply made . I would find a better quality one because this one looks and feels like a cheap toy .
 This thing is an absolute piece of S@#$ The cardboard case was falling apart upon receipt , and the cheap Chinese tools will break just looking at them , and looking is all you will do since it comes with no instructions or web address . Do not buy this garbage !
 I do n't ordinarily rate items negatively if they 're broken while shipping because it 's not ordinarily an indication of the product 's quality but in this case , I think it is . That is , the watch strap holder -LRB- if that 's what it 's called -RRB- was broken because the `` case '' -LRB- really a cardboard box -RRB- did n't hold the contents well enough . The watch strap remover tip was loose in the packaging . The screw drivers all over the place . In short , the foam insert designed to hold it all in place does n't . Moving the box anywhere causes all the contents to be thrown everywhere . And when we 're dealing with small items , it 's a problem.Then we have the actual tools . They are flimsy and can barely do the job . That 's why the watch strap block was broken . That 's why the tip of the strap remover was off . While using the screw drivers to remove some links from a bracelet , I thought they 'd break.Skip this thing and buy something else . I do n't know what 's better and I do n't know how this thing has such good reviews but look elsewhere . Thank goodness for Amazon 's return policy .
 The packaging is really flimsy and the materials are cheap and fragile . Note , also , that it does NOT contain a watch case opener . The kit does not contain instructions , either.Perhaps the price compared to other items is a giveaway but , really , it 's even worse than the price suggests .
 Poor quality . One of the screw driver is already broken by using 2 times .
 I ordered and paid for the Watch Band Adjusting Sizing Link Removing Tool Kit in Box , because of the picture of the tool box , and I receive a totally different equipment than what is on the picture . Please make the vendor send me the correct item I ordered .
 I paid $ 36 for this product . They should have made this better . Dont buy it , waste your money !
 Wasted my money . There were no instructions on its use . Without directions it was worthless . I should have returned it .
 Paid a little extra to purchase this kit thinking the tools would be higher quality but was disappointed . Ended up returning the kit and buying one for $ 20 that had more tools or similar quality maybe even better .
 I received the watch tool repair kit and a few of the items were missing . I was disappointed with the quality . It is not a cheap price and I expected better quality . This product is crap .
 A third grader could make a better link remover . The pin remover is made out of thin , cheap plastic . The threads on the pin pusher look like a five-year old 's toy . They are exceedingly coarse and sloppy loose . It is possible to remove a pin from a watch with this tool , but a thumbtack with a small point would likely be better . A single turn of the knob moves the pin-pusher about 1/2 inch . Shame on whoever built this and on whoever is selling it ! The pin pusher itself wobbles around like spaghetti in a high breeze . There is no way to lock the watch band in place and why in the world there is a stage to move the band beats me -- it 's about as useful as a mesh gas can . If you 're absolutely desperate then buy this -- it is possible to use it to remove a pin from a watch link if you 've got lots of time , patience , steady hands , and eagle eyes . Otherwise , keep looking -- one of the other tools has to be better .
 I bought this item to remove some links from a Tag Heurer watch . While it did work , it did not work well . The pin removers are cast and one broke on the second link i took out . While I was able to resize the watch for me , I doubt I will be able to size another watch without breaking the already bent pin remover . I would not buy this product again . I will be looking for a better quality resizing kit .
 The link remover is too flimsy to work . I ca n't even say it works poorly . One of the two tweezers is missing . The case is nice .
 I am a gadget guy and was given this watch as a gift . I was very happy with it for the first year , but ran into major repair issues after 13 months . I also have heard from other owners that this is not uncommon . The repair for my watch is $ 240 and not covered under warranty because it does not have signature from an authorized dealer on it -LRB- even though I do have a warranty card -RRB- . There are other reviews on Amazon -LRB- under other T-Touch models -RRB- that list similar problems/experiences . Because of the problems and expected reliability , I am not even going to have this watch repaired ... it 's just not worth it.To add insult to injury , the repairs can not be completed by the authorized repair shops . None of them work on the T-Touch and thus everything has to be factory repaired , which takes 6-8 weeks.The problem is that all of the cool technology in the watch comes at a price - reliability . The T-Touch is not as sturdy as its more conventional peers.I would not recommend buying this watch or any T-Touch model ... buy with caution .
 Its a nice watch to look at , it feels good and the functions are pretty neat . But the reliability is awful . I bought it for my husband and he has had it nearly five years and in that time it has had two major failures . On both occaisions at least 3 functions completely packed up and the sync between digital and analogue became distorted . The first time it was supposedly under international warranty but I ended up paying for a replacement -LRB- at cost -RRB- of the internal unit . The second time I 've been billed GBP 142.00 with a statement that the warranty was n't valid . It was bought an an approved outlet and repaired the first time at one so I 'm a bit miffed . Even if I could have made my case more convincingly to Tissot on the warranty -LRB- too busy to bother -RRB- I 'm disappointed overall with the product . To fail once might be considered unluckly but to fail twice suggests a poor product .
 Please consider the following before purchasing . I purchased this watch from Watchgrabber on Amazon , and after 4 months the watch began having significant problems . For example , the digital display stopped working , the hands no longer responded to the touch function , and after a few days stopped altogether . Now perhaps I should have realized , but there is NO Warranty if you purchase this online -LRB- usually -RRB- . Therefore , there is a definite possibility that you 'll have an issue with your watch and not have it covered . I have been quoted at 210.00 $ for repair ... Awesome . Hopefully , my watch was just a lemon and the product is normally high quality . Nevertheless , I recommend getting some sort of warranty on this , before buying . Good luck .
 Mine lasted all of 30 months . Was repaired in the first 12 months under the warranty and then died again after 30 months . Quote $ 212 for repairs - obscene . A quality product should last a lot longer . STAY AWAY FROM TISSOT T TOUCH
 Great concept but utterly unreliable . After various malfunctions was advised by a reputable repairer not to bother wasting more money on this . NB I look after my things , did not submerge watch or anything like that . Spend your money on something else .
 Nice looking watch , but had problems from the beginning with my wrist turning black -LRB- would n't expect from a $ 1500 watch -RRB- . After a year and a half the battery went dead , or so I thought . $ 475 later the internals were rebuilt and 1 year 7 months later the pins started falling out of the band . Tag customer service was far less than helpful , way less than friendly even . They started making excuses - `` Do you wear the watch in the shower ? Because the steam will damage it and void the warranty . '' etc , etc.The watch sits in my drawer , ca n't find any one who can get new pins for the band and last time I sent it out -LRB- well , see above -RRB- ... Makes a nice paperweight , but in the meantime my backup pulsar is still working after 5 years , on the same battery !
 WARNING ... i own a Nike Triax C6 watch and guess what Nike told me when i tried to get it fixed ... `` Sorry we 've stopped manufacturing spare parts for Nike Watches '' ... Buy at your own risk .
 I had a weird experience with this particular watch !! I bought this watch a week ago . AND I did return it ! I am sorry to write this review BUT I believe I have to do it because it is a part the secretariat of the profession !!!! To be straight forward , this watch is n't real GENUINE Tissot TXL . It is a REPLICA watch unfortunately and I was shocked when I realized that !! To verify that , the item number of this model -LRB- T60558733 TXL -RRB- does not exist in Tissot book and you can check it out by visiting Tissot official website : < ... > OR < ... > OR < ... > The REAL Item number is -LRB- T0617171103100 TXL -RRB- NOT the one wrote on this page !!! I was wondering if this fraud or misunderstanding or lack of knowledge !!!??? It was n't easy at all to find out this fact because it has been camouflage in such a good way and it took me a while to confirm this !!! I really loved the watch BUT I will not agree to pay this price to a REPLICA WATCH.Hope I was not harsh in words and expression , BUT this is the fact and customers should open their eyes clearly . I went through a tough time when I realized this sad frustrating truth.Sincerely
 There are a couple of things I do quite like about this watch . The firm uni-directional bezel ring that is never accidentally turned . Also , the relatively smooth sweep of the second hand is a neat feature for a watch in this price range . The watch seems well-built and the band and case feel like they 'd hold up to a fair bit of abuse.On the other hand , as others have mentioned , this is a hefty watch . There 's a lot of steel here and it makes for a lot of weight on your wrist . If you do n't find that appealing , this watch is n't for you . Also , in contrast to the bezel ring , the dial for the compass ring is quite loose and is easily rotated during wrist motion . I 've found this to be annoying having the cardinal directions perpetually skewed off-centre . Furthermore , and more importantly , despite the screw-down crown the dial on the left side of the case which turns the compass does not screw down . This seems like a serious design flaw for a watch rated to 200m and I would n't trust it for more than a shallow swim . In addition , the scoring on the crown causes the edge of the crown to be quite sharp and can dig uncomfortably into the wrist.Also Noteworthy : - I 've used and abused this watch while doing things like mountain biking , hammering and camping . As a result of some significant force , the -LRB- free floating -RRB- coiled spring in the movement jerked down and got caught on another internal component requiring a jeweller to dis-lodge the spring . Whether this issue is unique to this watch or movement design , though , I ca n't say . -LRB- Update Dec. 2012
 Not happy that it was not marked clearly as a chinese made seiko .
 You can find reviews about this watch from others vendors . But I want to complain here that I received this watch with a small scratch on the bezel!Of course it is not refundable because it is not in `` original condition '' . No wonder why they sell it $ 20 less than other merchants . If you want to buy this discounted watch , be careful .
 I bought this watch and knowing seiko 5 is a good brand . But all of the sudden after 3 times first is when i got the watch , second after 1 week and last one is just last night and that was after a week as will of reseting the time and date . The Crown was not good quality it was a lost thread or i spring or i do n't know i just like i coud n't lock because the short and long arm was moving while i trying to lock the crown . So try a quality brand and good item .
 I bought this watch in 2007 and I 've had to send it 3 times for repair in the past 2 years.First time , the watch started running really fast.Second time , the compass ' crown broke off.Third time , the watch simply stopped working.Every time I send it back I have to pay shipping.The service and responsiveness of CoServ -LRB- the Seiko repair service in the US -RRB- has been dismal
 This product came in a timely mannor . It sat in the box for a few weeks until Christmas came . It worked for about three days and then stopped . Emailed the seller and he got back to me quickly and said he would replace it but I had to pay shipping . Decided just tpo return it because I did not want to risk having the same issue again .
 I ordered this item after calling there 800 number inquired about the shipping deal , and the fact it was gtd to be here by xmas , well its sat and sadly disappointed that its not here , so theres no gift for a relative thats only in state for the holiday . ordered the 15th supposedly shipped the 16th but the update on the usps website still says it was : Status
 I bought this watch as a gift , the shipping was very fast . When I opened the package I was disappointed and would like to return it asap . The carton that was wrapped around the box looks worn out and the first thing that entered my mind was this watch is used . I checked the watch thoroughly and it really looks new , I 'm not sure if it was polished and cleaned really good so that it would just look new , I 'm not an expert ans so I wouldnt know . Well I 'd like to return and exchange it but the person that I gave the watch to wont be able to wait for the replacement . Amazon should take a good look at their ads , when it says the condition is new everything should look and work as new including the packaging . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 This is my second indiglo watch . The date on the first watch did not roll over correctly . On the second watch the indiglo worked well for the 1st month and then it stopped working .
 I bought this watch as a gift for my wife . It looks great but within a few weeks of using it it started running slow . Now it has simply stopped working . It could be a simple-battery change is needed but , still , our experience so far has been disappointing .
 Timex is known for reliability . However , this watch stopped working within two months after purchase , even after buying and installing a new battery per the manufacturer 's instrux 's .
 Spring bars are very thin . I am sure they will break in very little time . Almost broke just putting it in . I would not buy these again . I really regret my purchase .
 This watch is beautiful but one of the crowns came off when setting it the first time . I am still working to resolve . My experience is that the product quality is not evident .
 A piece of the lock mechanism broke the first time I used it - unable to lock or unlock . Keyhole plate scratched . Returned for refund .
 Not very good quality , I was dissapointed with the watch , for the platinum band is already starting to peal off .
 I bought this watch in July 2006 and it failed to keep good time from the start . In November I mailed it to a jeweller through my Amazon warranty and it was returned with a card saying `` watch may be wound to increase power supply . '' In other words , this automatic watch is n't automatic . I contacted Seiko and have now sent it to them for evaluation . They told me Amazon is not an authorized retailer of Seiko watches . I 'm a fan of Seiko and have an old watch -LRB- #SWZ 054 -RRB- that works on a battery . Save your money on the automatic one .
 I searched for `` seiko women self-winding '' and I found there were actually about 3 or 4 merchandises selling this watch with price ranging from 107.99 to 160 + . While somebody left a `` five-star '' review on this watch sold by another merchandise , I found this one with a `` one-star '' but the lowest price . I studied the previous buyer 's review , and found that the comment of `` not an automatic watch '' was not precise , because self-winding does mean that you have to move the watch consistently to get it the power , if you google . So I decided that I would buy this watch from here , sold by WorldofWatches , because the prices is the lowest , and the previous review 's reason for a negative comment was not right.But when I received the watch , I found maybe I was wrong . The box coming with the the watch was crudely made . Inside of the box , there was neither a manual nor a warranty manual from the Seiko merchandise . It WAS a warranty card , but it was linked to another place which seems like a contractor with WorldOfWatches.Plus , the brand names of `` Seiko '' on both the surface of the box and the small piece of paper inside do not have the `` R '' within a circle , which we are familiar for a brand name . I do n't know the reason , but I was very suspicious , and I called Seiko -LRB- they work 8 am - 5pm , east time , Mon-Fri -RRB- and asked if I could tell this was an authentic Seiko watch . After I reading the 8-digit number on the back of the watch , the guy told me it should be , but he could n't say 100 % for sure.I decided not to return this watch , just to see if there is anything wrong within 3 months . After all , the price was lower than other sellers by about 40 bucks in average , and I do not want to trouble myself by returning it . But next time , I may spend more to make myself feel better .
 THIS WATCH HAS NEVER WORKED AS IT SHOULD . NEVER KEPT GOOD TIME . CONSTANT RESETTING . NOW , AFTER LESS THAN A YEAR OF USE , IT HAS STOPPED COMPLETLY . WORST WATCH I HAVE EVER OWNED .
 The watch looks good and I love the watchband . The watch , however , gains over one minute per day , rendering it unusable as a reliable timepiece . My ancient 25-year-old Seiko is accurate to within a few seconds after 6 months -- I only reset it when the time changes in spring and autumn.Seiko has clearly lowered their standards and I wo n't buy another Seiko again .
 I bought this after having had previous Seiko watches and like the quality and longevity.This one looked good on paper , but within a week the crystal face broke , starngely from the insode out , might have been a problem from manufacture , so had it repaired locally.Comparing the quality to my prevoi = ious watches this one looks and feels cheap , poor plating marks very easily.It has probably took the edge off Seiko for me anyway and probably wont buy another .
 Though a fair preformer , the power reserve on the Seiko 5 7S23 movement is subpar , making the watch almost useless . Without the ability to wind from the stem -LRB- all 7S23 's -RRB- the watch must be , `` swirled '' prior to any off wrist time exceeding a few hours . Accuracy was within spec , however waking up to a dead watch at least once a week has pushed me back to my $ 19 Casio . I would avoid this timepiece and all 7S23 -LRB- Seiko 5 -RRB- products .
 I should not have purchased this watch . It is not working properly . it does not work unless i shake it several times a day.Seiko has tried to copy Rolex and it is a very bad copy .
 I bought this watch for $ 230.00 dollars thinking that I would not buy another watch for a very long time , however that was not the case ! The next day after wearing the watch for some 5 hours I noticed that the band was severely scratched -LRB- All I did was go to school and write notes -RRB- . The crome plating comes off very easily and althought the scratches dont affect the watch 's performance , it makes it very awful to look at ... especially after it cost me $ 230.00 dollars.If I could return this watch I would do so in an instant . I would highly recomend you buying something different !
 Ordered this for my wife , but returned it because she said the numbers , and therefore , the watch were too small.This might be the right watch for someone looking for a very traditional look , but it 's not large enough for today 's style
 I bought this watch from Amazon in late September as a gift for my friend . My friend wore it for a week , and it simply stopped . It is such an embarrassment to me and my friend , thus I immediately purchased the other two Timex Women 's watches -LRB- one is an easy reader , another one is a classic -RRB- from Amazon for my friend and told my friend the chances of getting a faulty brand new watch is remarkably slim , it must be an unluckily mistake , here are two brand new watches , if one stops , you 've got another one for back-up . I promised my friend this kind of thing would not happen again on the other two newly purchased watches simply because from the statistically point of view , the chances of getting two faulty brand new watches are unthinkable and chances of getting three are only can see in sci-fi . Shamefully enough , my friend told me that she wore one of them for a week , and then the watch stopped . She took it to the shop to have a look , the guy told her it was not a battery problem , he did not have a clue what 's going on . Then she started to wear another one for a day only , and the watch stopped again !!!! How unbelievable it is ! Even I could not believe it ! The chances of getting three faulty brand new Timex watches in three weeks are even slimmer than winning three times top price Lotto in three weeks !!! I simply stunned . I guess I shall never not see my friend again or I shall go try my luck on Saturday Lotto.To my frustration , I tried to call international customer service on Amazon , it could not get connected . I tried to call Timex international customer service , it could not get connected too . I finally got connected on a Timex Australia dealer in Sydney on phone , and the lady told me she did not know if Amazon is an authorised online dealer for Timex , she had to report to her manager and would get back to me later . She also told me if the watches did not come with warranties , they could not be returned and refund . I checked my Amazon packages , I did not see any warranty cards.I have emailed Amazon customer service about my problem . Hopefully they will get back to me and resolve the problem smoothely.I suggestion to whom wanting to purchase Timex watches on Amazon is that check the return and refund policies before purchase . Bear in mind highly likely the watches would fail straight away , so it is not recommended as gifts , or it might even ruin your friendships .
 I bought this watch 3 years ago and loved it . With a small wrist it 's always a challenge to find a watch that fits , but this one did . It was very attractive and particularly the backlight was practical at night . Last week it stopped working . I took it to have a new battery installed and to my surprise I was informed that the battery was working just fine . Something else had failed . To find out , the watch would have to be sent in for diagnosis and the cost is unknown in advance . So I decided not to have it repaired and look for a new watch . Too bad , I really liked that watch . This time I will look for a different brand than Timex .
 This watch was disappointing.The band is quite small , more of a child size or petite adult.The watch face is nice , but also small ... and the date is TINY.I returned mine as it did not work at all for me .
 loses 1 to 2 minutes every 6 to 8 hours . twicw it has lost as much as 20 minutes over night . not worth the hassle to return it just bought another watch .
 I have rated this watch one star , but it really ought to be one-half star . First , let 's start with the pros-Amazon 's service -LRB- It was delivered as promised -RRB- and its looks -LRB- It 's a very attractive watch -RRB- . Now the cons-The watch loses one-half hour per day in time . The face , numerals and hands are so similar that you really ca n't see what time it is without really focusing carefully on the watch . The date window is so small that you can only see the right hand number so the first , eleventh , twenty-first and thirty-first look the same unless you twist your wrist around . The watch face is full size and extends fully across my wrist , but the straps are so short that for my wrist , a normal sized wrist , you are in the second or third hold in the strap at best . The watch feels fragile ; I do n't even sleep in it and I never shower in it , play tennis with it on , wash dishes.I have returned the original watch to Amazon and received a new one as a replacement . -LRB- How smart was that ? -RRB- The hope is that this new watch will keep better time and that Amazon is not going to charge me for two watches . I will live with not being able to distinguish the hands or make out the date . Obviously , I will have to order a new strap that fits . I have had the new watch for three days and so far it has only lost two minutes and that may be do to using different clocks to set and compare it with.I am looking to get a year 's use from the watch , at which time the battery dies anyway .
 I was disappointed in this watch , but only because I did n't read the specifics and made my purchase on the image of the watch . In the image , the watch face appears black . It is not . It is gray . And I also like thin watches ... low profile I guess . This one is a little thicker than I desired . I 'm not one to return things , so I 'll keep it . I like watches . Simple watches . Watches without numbers that are thin . I have a couple great Seiko 's that fit the bill , and I unfortunately thought this was in the same ballpark but at a much cheaper price . YOu get what you pay for . I 'll probably give this to a nephew or something .
 This watch DOES NOT fit an adult male 's wrist . Inaccurate advertising . This should not be labeled as `` Men 's wrist watch '' .
 Looks good , but did n't keep time from the start . Would be pretty close to on time when it sat overnight , but if it was worn it will lose about 10 minutes a day . Really not a very good time piece .
 It sure is a nice looking watch , but the battery lasted less than a year . I bought it at Target last winter and it just died in August . After countless tries , I was finally able to pry the back off . I have never seen a cover so stubborn , I have always changed my own batteries in the past and never had a real problem . After I finally found the battery , getting the cover back in place was a real problem . I resorted to squeezing and mild pounding with a hammer to no avail . Finally , I used a C-clamp to force the cover back on . I did use two pieces of wood in between the watch and the C-clamp so there was no direct pressure on the watch , but the watch is now essentially broken , the hands move in all crazy directions . So , if you do buy this watch and the battery goes , have a pro change the battery for you .
 From the web site photos and specs , I thought this watch was a decent watch . Upon arrival , it 's clearly a discount looking material and design . Online , the gray parts look metal , but in reality the watch is all plastic and the gray dial is a `` painted coating . '' Entering data is tedious and time consuming , and display of that info is very poor . I use it for timing my swimming/running since it is light weight and has Indiglo . However , I do n't wear it to work or formal as it 's too cheap and plastic looking . Casio has much better looking watches than this one . For a few dollars more , I could have bought a much nicer watch with timer and backlighting , and a `` REAL '' METAL FACEPLATE/DIAL !
 I love the looks and feel of this watch . Classy and rugged looking . Large and heavy , which I like.HOWEVER - I do NOT recommend buying this watch.I have owned 4 of them in the past two years . Three of them died . They were not abused and never in water . They just quit working , and always just after the warranty expired . I keep hoping that this fourth one will last longer than the others.I feel dumb for continuing to buy them , but I like the looks and size of them better than any watch I 've seen or owned . I own several much more expensive watches -LRB- Pulsar , Seiko , Chase-Durer , Rolex , Fossil -RRB- , and liked the looks of the Casio over all the others.Casio has NOT stood behind the product . I understand that the warranty had expired , but you 'd think that after 3 of the exact same model watches dying , that the manufacturer would have done something to compensate or replace . But they did not . Also , the rubber bands break in about 6 to 8 months . . consistently.I know this watch looks great , and works well for it 's very short life . But , SAVE YOUR MONEY . DO NOT BUY THIS WATCH . IT WILL DIE IN LESS THAN 2 YEARS .
 The watch itself , is a nice watch . However , I bought it because it was advertised as water resistant . When I received it , I noticed that the stem did not screw down . All my past water resistant watches had screw down stems ... which I can only assume ... make them `` water resistant '' . When I contacted the company to question this , their answer was to take it off before going swimming -LRB- what ??? -RRB- . The reason I buy water resistant watches for my husband is because , sometimes , he forgets . No big deal with his past watches , so I purchased this one so he had a couple -LRB- I still like the look of it , though -RRB- . Had I not thrown all the packaging away ... I would have sent this back immediately after receiving that answer .
 As a watch it is OK but there are a few things that I do not like about it and will keep me from purchasing it again in the future . First , I have owned this watch for less than a year and needed to replace the battery already . The back is designed to be opened with special tools so you can not do it yourself making it a bit more costly . Second this thing is very bulky , the diameter is over 4 cm -LRB- a bit larger than an Eisenhower dollar -RRB- and a centimeter thick -LRB- 3-4 Eisenhower dollars stacked together -RRB- . It takes a little getting used to as an everyday watch . Finally there is no light function on it whatsoever . This is the biggest downfall for me . There are luminous markers but they are not all that bright and it is still difficult to tell time in the dark.On the plus side it is very durable . In the course of my work it has gotten banged up quite a bit and does not really show that much abuse . The watch face surprisingly has no scratches that I can see . The worst damage came from me trying -LRB- and failing -RRB- to remove the back to replace the battery . At the least I would recommend trying this monster on before purchasing it to make sure you are comfortable with it .
 Stopped working after 2.5 months . you would a watch to keep time but it does not . dont buy this watch
 The watch is great , but there 's more to this case than just a sentence . Read on.I order the watch and paid for it . Good . I did n't get the watch . Called Amazon , nope , UPS would not deliver to my PO Box . Well , I went to UPS , they had sent the delivery back to Amazon . Amazon sent it again , to the main USPS facility , different place , that 's where my PO box is located , but I used the physical address of the main facility , and specified the box number . To no avail . UPS did deliver it , but never got to me , so they -LRB- USPS -RRB- sent it back to the main UPS facility at MIA -LRB- Miami International Airport -RRB- , which is 2 blocks away , but in terms of Amazon/UPS delivery policies , it 's more like a world away . So I call Amazon back , and talk again with another representative in India , very friendly guy , he tells me he 's sorry ... you know , the usual stuff , he offers to credit the account and I insist I want the watch , but that they needed to focus on the delivery thing and put the bs aside.I 'm not happy now , you know , once , twice , a third time , this is not looking good . I order another watch , so I get it , and I get the wrong item , send it back , get my credit , but still mad , and going more frustrated because my original Casio Marine AnaDigi AMW 320R 1EV is not arriving in Miami yet , and I do n't like it . I have to say , in all fairness , that Amazon did have the goodwill to send a replacement , then a second replacement , then a third replacement.Finally , I get my watch ! Oh Sweet Lord , I get my Casio dive watch . Well , I 'm mad , but I 'm starting to turn happy , because that 's the watch I wanted . Well , I 've had about 10 of this exact same watch . It is fantastic , everything large enough or small enough to fit me . I love it . But this particular one starts to give me trouble with the alarm . Oh , I do n't like it . A month has passed after the warranty from Amazon expires , and now I 'm on my own . Well , Casio will cover for it . Yeah , right , dream on ! Anyway , I waited a few months , the watch gave me trouble , but it was n't every day , in fact , just a few times at the beginning . As time went by , it became unmanageable , and the alarm is practically unusable , the button for the chronometer , I think the electronic panel got a bit confused , you know , these watches sometimes get to be stored in a warehouse for months at a time , even over a year , so when you get it you think it 's brand new , but maybe it 's been stored for a year and half , God knows.So I try to contact Amazon , I do n't want this watch anymore , and I want it replaced , not even asking for a refund , just a replacement with a new one , that works , they can do nothing , they say . I call Casio , and they give a truckload of bullsh.t , NOT FAIR ! They want me to buy a new one from them at 99.95 , special price for you , 89.95 . Stupid . Well , maybe the stupid was me , yeah , I may have been the stupid in this story.I have asked Amazon courteously to reconsider this issue , and give me a replacement item , and I will mail them this defective watch back to them . Of course , whoever reads the account would think I 'm trying to get triple dip in this game . They did send two replacements , and only got the watch the third time . So if they did n't get the two returned deliveries , then someone in Miami or along the way has the watches , and they never told me they had received the returned items , or that they have not.Sadly , at that moment , around October 2009 , they said they were sorry they had been so many irregularities , and that they would credit the account . Boy , they credit your account , and you get the watch for free . That was a nice move by Amazon , to save the situation and keep the customer . And you win a good watch , for free . For free , right ? Yeah , dream on ! Six months later , Amazon sends me an email -LRB- one of those that look like spam and people delete immediately -RRB- , and the email said that after some accounting auditing they had realized that an item had not been charged , and that they were charging 49.95 , or 49.00 , I ca n't remember now . I have since closed that credit card , you know the problems with so many credit card floating around , so I may have lost any dispute rights with that card to claim back my right , because even though the Amazon representative I just spoke to -LRB- today is September 9 , 2010 -RRB- , has `` NO INDICATION IN THE ACCOUNT ' that a new charge of 49.95 or 49.00 was put in the account later , I guarantee you I got the email , and got the charged sticked to me.At the end of the trip , I am not happy . While Amazon does make an effort to satisfy every customer , sometimes there are irregularities . And you are holding the losing end , the taste is not good . I am a reasonable person , I am a fair person , and would not take Amazon 's money or anyone 's . I paid for the watch , I got the watch , after three replacement attempts , and after all , the watch was defective , and now , neither Amazon nor Casio want to deal with it.I would warn every Amazon customer to research the watches well . This particular watch retails for about 99.95 . I got it for half , 49.95 , or 49.00 . In life , you do get what you pay for . The watch I got for 49.00 may have been stored at a warehouse somewhere for months , even more than a year , who knows , and sold as brand new , only to have just a few months of good use with me . I WOULD NOT BUY THIS ITEM FROM AMAZON AGAIN . I would pay the premium somewhere else . Sadly , the once strong confidence I had in Amazon has been eroded with so many irregularities in this case . By the way , they did n't give me the watch from free , they ended up charging it . At the end , I am disappointed . The once great watch , not so great , at least not this one I got at Amazon . If Amazon wants to credit the 49.00 , I would be willing to purchase another , more expensive watch and pay the difference . But then again , I 'm not so inspired . I 'm sure they 're disappointed too , and probably think I want to rip them off . Oh well , a customer is not always right . So I lose , and that 's the end of the story.To the Amazon team , even if you do n't want to replace it , or give me credit to buy another item , please send me an email with your return address , so that I can send you back this watch . It stops constantly , the alarm is defective , and the chronometer gets all confused too . I do n't want it , even when I paid for it , you should take it back , and keep it . Send me the address , and I 'll send it back to you.In conclusion , the Amazon team was very courteous and friendly . The Casio guys were nice too , but gave me a ton a bs , so it did n't work out . I would buy this item again , great watch , but not at Amazon.com , certainly not . Thank you all.REVIEW
 I have had 3 of these watches over the years , but I finaly gave up on them . I LOVE the look , but they have 3 big drawbacks , First off , no light . The glow paint on the watch is pretty dim . Second , it goes through batteries pretty quick . When the battery gets low the hands stop moving but the digital part still works . First time that happened I thought the watch had malfunctioned . Third , the band comes off the watch ! The pin that holds it on is n't robust enough . That is why my last one is on the bottom of the river right now .
 In daylight , this watch is HOT . Looks perfect.At night , forget it . I mean it . When you wake up or go to bed , if it 's your habit to look at your watch , you wo n't see it . Like , not even a glimmer of light off a hint of steel . NOTHING . Nada . Zippo.The reviews are true . The dayglow sometimes glows during the day and you wish it would glow at night . If you shine a light on the glow paint it will glow for about 20 mins , and then zippo , nada . Nothing . And this is NEW , out of the box . And I 've heard flies louder than this alarm . The alarm is way weaker than the watch looks.Too bad . It could be a perfect watch with actual luminesence and a shockingly loud alarm .
 This is a great looking watch and I like the dual analog digital functions . But the analog portion of this watch does not keep time , the minute hands locks up sometimes and you look at the watch and it is 20 miutes behind and then you reset it and a couple days later it does the same thing . The digital keeps time but I would like the analog portion to keep time so I am trying to contact Casio to get it repaired as I let the return period lapse.Update
 I 've had this watch for a couple of months and it is terrible at keeping accurate time . Sometimes it just stops . The second hand just sticks a few times a day . It might go a few days without loosing time and then it will stop a few times a day . It looks nice but is LOUSY at keeping accurate time .
 I 've had watches like this for years so was delighted to find what seems like a solid , water-resistant watch with a rubber strap . It looked great and was a good deal for the price . That written , the battery quit in less than 12 months and after it was replaced , the watch died completely . Looks and price are my top criteria but I 'd sure like it to last more than one year . This one is dead and I 'm not buying another regardless of the style and affordable price tag .
 Worked fine until just after the warranty expired . As other reviewers have mentioned , these are n't made to last . Digital display is blank and the second hands now moves between the 4 and 5 second mark . Definitely not a simple issue to fix , and not worth repairing such a cheap watch . Interestingly , although the title includes dive watch , the manual clearly states that it should not be used for diving . If that 's not false advertising , I 'm not sure what is .
 Bought watch October 16th , 2011 . Noticed it was losing time on the analog portion , but digital time remained correct . Finally sent it in for warranty - whicch I paid shipping to send it , plus had to pay $ 9.95 for shipping and handling to get it back . Now 3 months after getting it back it is doing the same thing again ! I have had great success with Casio digital watches , but this analog/digital watch has been frustrating .
 This watch was exactly what I was looking for
 I bought the Casio Men 's AMW320R-1EV Marine Ana-Digi Dive Watch on May 23 , 2012 and it has slowly been falling behind the actual time . I 've reset it twice and it keeps losing about 10 minutes every month or so . I have immersed it underwater while swimming but not to any depth . The hands do not light up at night and the ticking sound is either very faint or very loud -LRB- my girlfriend wants me to stash it somewhere while we 're in the car ! -RRB- . I 'm just past Amazon 's warranty so now I 'll have to chase down Casio for a replacement ... probably not going to happen . UPDATE
 It started off as a good watch and I only had it for about a month when I woke up and it had just stopped working . Its possibly that it might have been the only defective watch in the batch but who knows ...
 The ` B ' button quit working , now the digital display is useless , and worse , the watch is stuck in alarm mode . Do n't waste your money .
 And no , its not the battery . The analog portion does not keep time . I replaced the battery and this did not fix the problem , so I returned the watch to the store and exchanged it for an identical one . Same problem with the analog portion losing time , and replacing the battery did not work . The watch is still under warranty , but I 'm just going to return it and get my money back from the store . Why should I pay money to mail it to Casio and wait who knows how long to get another one ? If I had the same problem with 2 watches , that tells me that Casio is making a piece of junk . Its a shame because I really like the design of the watch .
 Other than the fact that the analog clock does n't keep accurate time -LRB- loses an hour or so every 24 hrs . -RRB- I really like the watch . I will get another one , but am frustrated by the inconvenience . Digital time works and I like the look and feel of the watch . Nice size for a guy . Being a big guy I like a substantial time piece . Many watches do n't fit the bill due to the watch face being too small . If it works a great value .
 Nice looking watch , great value , but flawed . The radium or whatever material is applied to the watch hands and hour markers to allow night vision is not adequate - the hour marks stay visible for some time but the hour marks fade almost immediately . So at night you ca n't tell what time it is.Also , the button mechanism that steps you through the various digital tasks works only occassionally.I should have sent it back right away .
 This is an EDIT to the review of my OLD Casio -LRB- below -RRB- that I recently decided to retire . Unfortunately after only 3 months , the ANALOG portion of the NEW CASIO AMW320R-1EV has been losing time . Only a couple of minutes at first , and then last evening 20 minutes . The DIGITAL portion keeps perfect time , so the problem 's something to do with the portion that translates the electronic time to the mechanical movement that moves the hands . I did some online research , and this is apparently a COMMON problem , with people reporting that even after sending $ 15 to return their watch under warranty -LRB- and have sent back -RRB- , the problem re-appears a few months later . One poster said he ' had THREE fail the same way so far . I am now wearing my 20 year old Casio again , and while it gains a minute -LRB- digital and analog -RRB- every several weeks , at least it 's reliable . I edited my `` 5 STAR '' rating -LRB- true for my OLD Casio -RRB- down to TWO for this one , and can no longer recommend it . ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I 've owned mine for almost 20 years now , and used it to `` replace '' a Bulova Accutron Astronaut model I 'd had since 1965 , but which at over $ 1000 collector value has gotten too expensive for me to wear `` comfortably . `` The Casio has been flawless , and while the flexible band wo n't last forever , it can easily be replaced by the Casio stainless brand one made for this model -LRB- wide -RRB- , or a generic as I used on mine . I wore mine in my job as an airline pilot , so the watch was exposed to years of exceptionally dry air in the pressurized cabin , which was probably hard on the vinyl band , I think , though I much prefer the stainless one I installed anyway.Just recently the 20 yr old watch watch has started gaining about a minute every several weeks , and the stop watch portion is now intermittent , so I 've decided to buy a replacement . I paid about $ 35 for my first one , and at $ 47 , it seems a bargain still.I sure ca n't complain much , and my sole complaint , if you can call it that , is that the luminous hands are not terrible long lived.I also wish the face on the current model were exactly like the old one -LRB- 9 , 12 , and 3 o'clock were large , bold numbers , digital window was curved , and the hands were a tad longer -RRB- , but few things in life stay exactly the same forever .
 This is the second time I have owned this model watch . The first was purchased from Costco . The second from Amazon . Both times , the watch movement stopped working correctly after less than a year.The watch style and intended functionality would be great ... If the watched worked for more than 6 months ... I would give it 4-5 stars on looks and exterior quality for the price , but I have to give it 1 star based on the inferior quality of the inner mechanism .
 Had this watch for one and a half years when the push buttons started sticking while depressed . Finally , they became useless . If you look at the guts , it just cheap plastic . This was my first of two Casios in the last three years -LRB- my last was the Sea Analog which quit on me after only one year -RRB- . NO MORE ! Do n't let yourself be mesmerized by the price and looks , unless you want to replace your watch every year or two .
 This watch was supposed to be great to my soccer game day but after I wear it for a week it does n't work good enough.Quite frequently the analog portion stops ... ok the arrow that shows the seconds movement stays in the same place doing a short movement but not moving ahead . First I thought that I moved the adjusting crown but checking it the mechanism does n't work even if it is on the bedside table . If I reset it to current time it will work for a while , but then it will simply stop ... again and again and again ... . you can not trust on it
 Purchased the watch because
 I have always purchased this model of Casio 's watch for the last 20 years or so . The Model # 's change but it 's still the same watch . I guess it 's my fault . I kept purchasing old , or expired units from Amazon . The watch battery only last a year . It will cost more than the watch to properly replace the battery . If you just have someone replace the battery without pressure testing it will fail . This watch was great . I 'm casio sells an upgraded version . You get what you pay for on Amazon !
 I have had many casio products and have been very satisfied including this watch . It worked perfectly until the battery died . I had the battery replace and the watch would n't keep time . I returned the watch to casio for repair and was told it would be $ 47.00 . I am sad to find out casio makes a `` Throw away '' product . I have always considered casio watches the very best of the working man 's watch . I can no longer reconmend casio watches .
 I ordered this watch on April 8th , received it on the 11th , and now I 'm writing this review on the 12th . On the day I ordered the watch , hours before I was debating whether or not I should buy this or another watch I was thinking about purchasing . Upon reading customer reviews and saying to myself
 Like a few other people have mentioned , the `` second '' hand often stops and results in an incorrect analog time reading . The second hand is ticking ... but it is not moving , just sitting in the same spot ... tick , tick , tick . A few taps with your finger get it going again . However , since this happens several times each day , it is impossible to keep accurate analog time . I know that this style of Casio has been around since atleast the mid-1990 's . They used to be very durable and a bit more expensive back then . Casio apparently has changed something in the movement to lower the cost ... and as a result , ruined this classic timepiece .
 I received my watch less than a month ago and one of the `` pins '' that holds the band on broke and the watch fell off . It appeared rusted -LRB- I do have it to returen with the watch -RRB- . I replaced it and thought no big deal . All was well until this past week and I noticed that there is moisture inside the watch on the inside of the crystal . That is no big deal as I had not even had it in the water.I have had this same watch style before and would like to receive another one in it 's place . How do I reture this one and receive a new one?Thank youScot
 I purchased this watch on a different website , took it to swimming , and started to see fog fog within . The watch looks great , so I am going to exchange it for another one .
 I bought this watch as my every day watch - and mainly wanted to use it snorkeling and diving since it was rated to go over 100 feet , Even before I ever got it in the water , the analog clock would lose time within the first week of ownership.I would see that the second hand would just get &#34; stuck &#34; at random times ... Sometimes if I pushed one of the buttons it would start working again.I ended up diving with it and snorkeling numerous times and the watch stayed dry.Unfortunately , the random time losses were too annoying to deal with so I returned the watch.I found that the digital time was accurate , but too small to read in low light conditions .
 I have been a more than happy with the G-Shock line of Casio watches and assumed this one would carry some of their quality features . Unfortunately , the rotating bezel came off after 2 months of low impact use . This was the only part of the watch 's structure that protects the face of the watch and I fear scratches or worse are sure to follow . If you 're on the fence stick with the G-Shock .
 True , it is nice to have analog and digital . True , the watch looks nice in a rough-kinda way . However it stops there
 I have no clue where I can get this watch worked on.I only wear it on special occasions but neither the analog or digital part of the watch will keep time correctly .
 I bought my Casio AMW320D-9EV at auction , so when it stopped working I assumed it only needed repair . I mean , what a GREAT looking multi-function watch ... and surely Casio is a name that can be trusted . So , I sent it to an approved Casio repair facility . They refurbed the water seal in the back plate and added a new battery . They also answered a question about possible design problems - `` nothing reported . `` Good to Go !? Not quite.The watch continued to stop intermittently . I could shake it a bit and get it started again ... but who wants a timepiece that you have to wack around like a flashlight ? And so much for accurate timekeeping -LRB- I work in radio , where such things are vital -RRB- . To cap it off , I ran into a friend who had the same problem with the same model . So much for accurate info in the Casio knowledge base.I hate to say it , but my old Timex is still ticking . Maybe someone can squeeze Casio for a refund .
 the stupid watch was broken -LRB- again -RRB- ; the battery die or the watch delayed every day by 5 minutes . look like they have this watches in storage for too long . do not buy this watch , look good but be ready to pay for a new battery as soon as you get it shipped and pay for a water proof test after battery installation .
 After having the first watch 's sweep hands stop working altogether , I ordered a replacement via Amazon . I wish I had bought the first on Amazon , but did n't and it cost me due to Sports Authority 's return policy . Anyway , the second watch came and once again the sweep hands started to malfunction after only 4 months . Thankfully , Amazon allowed me to return the watch for a full refund and I 'm off to another brand . Two malfunctioning watches out of two orders can not be random !
 This is an edit of my earlier review in which I gave the watch 5 stars . After several weeks , the analog part of the watch started running slow . This week -LRB- 02/04/2011 -RRB- it stopped completely , but after I tapped the face a few times it started running again . Several days later , it is losing a few second each day.The digital part is working perfectly ... whoopeee !!! Now , I HAVE TO PAY !! to send it to Casio for repairs . This is the first and last time I will ever buy a Casio . The watch I will use while it is in repair is a Timex Expedition that I paid half the price for -LRB- $ 26 or so -RRB- over 15 years ago and it has not lost a second of time since then nor needed a battery ! -LRB- I thought I had lost it but after ordering the Casio I found the Timex , thankfully ! -RRB- UPDATE 02/09/2011
 I was a sucker ... twice.Both times I had the watch snugly strapped to my wrist.I somehow bumped it while surfing , causing it to break from my wrist to the ocean floor , gone forever . I bought another one . Same thing happened at my office , fell to the floor and crystal broke . This has never happened to the myriad watches I 've owned over the past 3 decades . Casio not responsive . Very disappointed .
 I bought this watch from another store , but it 's necessary to share my opinion here to assist others . It is a fairly nice looking watch and the price was low so I bought one . It was purchased as a replacement `` beater '' watch , that could be worn for fishing , etc. . Water resistance was a big factor as well as looks . It was to replace my G-Shock that had lasted for many years of rough use . I wanted a `` dressier '' look . Mistake ! The problem with this watch is that the crystal has NO protection and it scratches VERY easily . Definitely a HUGE negative . The scratches made it difficult to see the face , so I gave it away . A waste of money . I 've never had a crystal scratch so easily !
 A watch is supposed to tell the time . I owned this watch for eight months and then it stopped working . I changed the battery and it worked for a couple of weeks and stopped again . So , I contacted Casio repair . It was going to cost me more than I paid for the watch on Amazon to repair it so . . forget it . In a nutshell , do not buy this watch .
 With a name like that I should have been aware . Have been an amazon customer for over 5 yrs , and have never dealt with a crooked seller before , but this seller never sent my watch , should be banned from amazon ! Did n't pay attention , used one click and assumed I was buying direct from amazon , got hosed , buyer beware .
 What a review ? Though I placed an order for men 's Casio divers watch on Sept. 19 , 2007 , I have not yet received it from you or Chelsea Watches.I paid U$ 67.00 for the watch on the same day . So far I have not received the watch or your refund .
 Initially , I liked this watch , I really did . I liked the appearance , the gold colored face with the black ring surrounding the bezel , the large size , the weight ... I liked it after doing a lot of pre-order research , and I liked it even more after I received it . The size and weight did not bother me at all.However
 I have been purchasing this model -LRB- or very similar -RRB- Casio watch for nearly the last 14 years . I usually get about 3-4 years of reliable service then the battery begins to fail . Unfortunately even though I 've used different high-end jewelers to replace the batteries , they all leaked water afterward . No big deal since otherwise they 've held up very well , they 're fairly inexpensive , and did n't mind buying a new one every few years.The last one I purchased locally a few years ago finally start showing signs the battery was dieing . The digital display and time still work fine but the mechanical hands start to fail . I decided to order a replacement from Amazon . My first Casio dive watch from Amazon started showing the dreaded signs of battery failure after just a couple of months . I figured it was a fluke so I ordered another . The second Casio divers watch of this same model has now also started showing signs of the battery failing after just 3 months . I 'm guessing Amazon must have a lot of old new stock sitting on their shelves or Casio is supplying them with old stock that has been sitting around a few years . Needless to say I 've given up on this Casio model , at least from Amazon .
 I 've owned two of these over 20 years & loved them both . I 'm in the water on and off for kayaking & sailing and both watches survived getting wet and a the usual daily slapping around with aplomb -- the odd drop and bang did n't seem to affect them at all . Nice to have the analog & digital displays working together ; large size & high visibility dial are great , the crystal was tough & you could buy a couple of hundred of them for the price of one Rolex.When watch # 2 died I went out & bought # 3 . For four months it was subjected to bouts of New England 's high humidity and daily drops of an eighth of an inch to my nightstand . It stuttered a few times & then stopped completely -- no digital read-out , analog hands motionless . I mailed it back to Casio for repair . For all intents and purposes this was a brand new watch -- no bangs , no marks , no drownings . True , the band was now curved , not straight . Casio offered to repair a four month old watch for $ 20 more than it cost new . No explanation , no chance to question the judgement . The Casio warranty is apparently good for as long as it takes you to open the box , and then you 're SOL . Or maybe a curved band voids the warranty?Maybe you 're supposed to buy a couple of hundred of them to get a few that work -- and I was just lucky with the first two.Now I know why Casio , despite having some decent products , has remained a third rate player on the electronics counters
 Bought my Casio in August 2010 for a two week rafting trip . Worked fine for months afterwards . One day the arms stopped moving , so it no longer tells time . Thought it was the battery , but the watchmaker determined it was the gears , noting that Casio has gone to using plastic gears that break down . I 've sent this watch back to Casio for repair , awaiting Casio 's repair estimate .
 I purchased this as a replacement for my old trusty Dakota watch , -LRB- which after nearly a decade , including a deployment and daily use , finally gave up the ghost . -RRB- The version I had included the backlight feature that I assumed I was getting when I saw the picture of this watch . It does not . Do not be surprised if you purchase this to see the button at 2 o'clock on the case to be absent , if so , you have no backlight.Otherwise , it 's an absolutely splendid watch . If this had been shipped with the old design , -LRB- to include backlight , -RRB- I would be writing this gushing with adoration over the product . It keeps incredible time -LRB- I 'm talking + / - 15sec PER YEAR , -RRB- the rotating bezel has proven itself handy for simple things like knowing when to pull something out of the oven , and its simple , tasteful asthetics make it immune to design trends . It 's rugged , -LRB- a must because I am incredibly clumsy and knocked my old one a lot for the years I had it . -RRB- The only hangup I 'd have is that the very comfortable straps give out after a couple years , and I * think * the pins are 17mm , but I kept buying the wrong size and have the numbers jumbled in my head.It 's a shame Dakota does n't produce as many wristwatches like this as they used to . I 'm no celebrity , but having used Dakota products for over a decade , I 'd gladly do commercials for them for a pittance , because , unless I 'm out for a run and want my stopwatch , or am taking a shower , I feel absolutely naked without a Dakota strapped to my left wrist.If you 're not hung up about losing the backlight , and want a watch in this price range , look no further . The only thing keeping this review from being a 5/5 was they stopped production on the version that I wore through the majority of my 20 's .
 Good watch easy to read . The temp function is useless and your body heat makes the real air temp higher . It is also a big watch and heavy too .
 Sorry to write a review like this . How can a person write a review on a product that has not turned up to him at all . But still the system has generated an email for review . It will be good enough if the system has not come up for this review . One good part is the product has not reached me , but my money is returned back . Thanks Amazon .
 This watch scratched up within a few days of moderate use . The temperature gage only works once watch is removed .
 I like the watch at first . Temp . feature is miss leading and is only accurate if you remove the watch . Your own body heat effects the temperature reading -LRB- dah -RRB- . However , after 3 month the watch died . It felt like I was just renting the watch .
 Never had a chance to use this watch . The band ran quite large for my smaller wrist .
 It 's a shame this excellent watch movement has a piece of trash for a case . Within a few weeks of getting the watch , the display started to fog on the inside . Soon , the band pulled loose from the case . Expecting I would simply reattach the band , instead I discovered that the flimsy plastic case was split -LRB- allowing it to leak and fog -RRB- and one of the pin holders for the band had broken loose and was missing . Unless Casio releases a `` new and improved '' version of this watch -LRB- and the other watches in this product line -RRB- , you 're wasting your money .
 A great watch but Casio does this thing where the watch band pin goes into the watch is cheap plastic ; after awhile the pin just wears out the pin hole and the watch is unusable because you cant put a pin in it to hold the watch band . A big rip off . I have had 5 or more expensive Casio watches become unusable because there is n't away to put the watch band on ? I am sure that as people wake up to this , there will be a class action lawsuit against Casio for premeditatedly having watches to break after awhile . I wish I could buy a Casio watch , I wont give any more money to those con artist 's . A greedy shame of them . What used to be a trustworthy brand is now just a rip off scam .
 The watch seemed great and I loved it , but sadly it did n't make it even a year . The band broke at the base of the watch where it connects to the watch itself . The underside of the watch is plastic and broke without capability of repair . Broke at night while I was asleep , thus not the good of quality . Would be a great watch if the plastic was a metal .
 I bought this watch for my husband less than 6 months ago as a gift . Initially we were both thrilled with all the cool features and the very cool look of the watch . When it came down to wearing it , it does n't stand up . The face scratched the first day and after several weeks he was worried about scratching it up and stopped wearing it . His work is not a rough job , he 's a pilot . A week ago , the plastic piece they hide between the metal front and the back of the case broke , mind you he was just sitting at home on the couch , and CASIO refuses to warranty it because he lost the receipt . This watch is crap , unless you only plan to wear it once . Do n't waste your money .
 I got this watch for Father 's Day , and about three weeks later , the tab on the case that holds the pin for the watchband , broke . It was then I noticed that the case was plastic with a sliver-like coating . I sent it back to Casio , -LRB- repair IDESS337539 -RRB- , expecting a repair under warranty , and was told that Casio does not warrant their cases . -LRB- Unbelieveable to me . -RRB- I read my guarantee that came with the watch and that 's what it states ! Casio 's price to fix their cheap plastic case ? $ 29.95 , almost the price of a new watch , and I would STILL be the owner of a new watch with a cheap , non-warranted , plastic case . No thanks , Casio . I plan to tell the world exactly why I 'll never buy one of your products again , and if you 're reading this , I hope you do n't either.Deane E. Kogelschatz
 The black background on this watch makes it very difficult to see without using the light.Also , the temp is not accurate without taking the watch off because your body temp translates through the metal casingO yeah , unless you have tree trunk arms , you will have to pay a repairman to remove the links in the band = add $ 5-10
 A normally cheapoid Casio . The digital display is impossible to see in daylight , but you can activate auto-lighting tilt device . Band length simple to adjust . A true monument to over-engineering . The moon phase and tide data are really useful in mid-town traffic . Wonder why these Japanese rocket-scientists did not put in a simple compass ? My science-minded girlfriend participated in an experiment
 This is overall a functional nice looking watch , but I agree that the face scratches too easily and after 3 years the solar recharge has stopped working -LRB- even if the battery is brand new -RRB- . Yes , I know it has worked for three years , but now that the solar recharge does n't work , it goes through batteries extremely quickly .
 Got a casio wave ceptor watch with metal band for Christmas with the same wrist band design - the band pulled apart at the case the first day . The metal pin that holds the band on is attached to the case with a cheap rubbery plastic peice that rips out easily.The worst part is if you look at Casio 's warrentee the band and case are not covered.My watch is now held together with epoxy - very fashionable ! Goes good if you have glasses held together with masking tape.My advise is move on and find a watch with a metal to metal connection from the band to the case . Do n't buy this one !
 I bought the watch 15 months ago and the thing has officially gone kaput . It became increasingly difficult to keep it charged , and now it is `` frozen , '' displaying a random date and `` 4A '' as the day . If you want something that will last more than a year and a half , I 'd keep looking .
 I liked the watch while it lasted . Very attractive styling . But about a year later , well before I 'd be replacing a conventional battery , the solar battery now does n't hold a charge for long . I 've had to reset everything twice in the last week . Solar power is n't saving you anything with this watch .
 This was my very first solar-powered watch . Three years ago , I saw it while walking past a watch store at a local shopping mall , and the price tag said `` $ 50 '' -LRB- about US$ 33 -RRB- , so I bought it on impulse.At that point in time , I 've always thought that solar powered watches cost at least $ 500 or more . Imagine my delight at finding a cheap solar powered watch!However , my joy was pretty short-lived . A couple of weeks down the road , while wearing it , it switched off right in the middle of the day ! Lunchtime in fact , while I was out walking around in bright sunlight ! Hands stopped moving , LCD screen blank except for a `` LO C '' blinking indicator . It was impossible since I have never seen the watch move from the `` Hi '' battery level indicator before.An hour later it turned itself back on while I was back in the office . Hands moved to the correct time , LCD screen was back on , and the battery indicator said `` Hi '' . A few incidents similar to this happened a few times , in the following months . So much so that I decided to junk this watch and threw it inside my drawer , never touching it for about 8 months or so.Recently , I took it out of the drawer again and the watch turned itself back on when it was exposed to light . Battery Indicator said `` MID '' . So I left it on the window sill for 3 days straight , hoping that it stays at `` Hi '' . On the 4th day , I wore it out . We went to the movies , and right in the middle of the movie when I wanted to check the time , I pressed the backlight and ... nada . No reaction . I tilted the watch to let the light from the movie shine on it and saw the watch had turned itself off AGAIN , about 40 mins ago -LRB- checked time with my mobile phone -RRB- . Somewhere along the way , still during the same movie , the watch turned itself on again , because suddenly I heard it do the hourly beep thing . Now , I know for sure that the watch was not exposed to light in any way , and even if it did , the light from the movie is nowhere near powerful enough to charge it up to turn it back on.My take is this - it 's too cheap to send it back to Casio for servicing . If it works while you wear it , enjoy it . It will suck when it does n't . The other thing about Casio analogue watches which I did n't like much is that the `` luminous paint '' on the hands is almost useless . It glows for like only 15 mins and then stop glowing . Practically useless . It 's not just on this watch - I own a couple of other Casio digi-ana watches from the G-Shock line and every single one of them had the same problem of short-lived glowing luminous hands and markers .
 Do n't like1 -RRB- Watch band will brake very soon if removed often2 -RRB- No back light3 -RRB- Calendar NOT displayed and hard to get too .4 -RRB- Battery must be replace by jeweler making it expensive and not worth fixingLike
 This calculator watch -LRB- its not a databank -RRB- is both popular has been around virtually forever . Is it a good choice today ? Depends on your needs/wants , of course , but it has major disadvantages .1 -RRB- The calculator has no memory function . Unlike any pocket calculator available today and a serious problem if you want to , for example , compare unit prices between items/sizes when shopping .2 -RRB- There is no backlight , unlike nearly all other digital watches . Combined with a standard black-on-grey LCD display , that means its next to impossible to see in the dark .3 -RRB- The standard date display is not very useful . Unlike -LRB- again -RRB- virtually all other digital watches , this does not show you the date as a number by default . Instead it only shows you a two letter abbreviation of the day -LRB- `` Mo '' , `` Tu '' , etc. -RRB- . In order to see the numerical date , you need to search out & press and hold the `` divide '' button . When the button is released , it goes back to showing you the ineffective day abbreviation . A hassle .4 -RRB- Finally a small disadvantage , but one that 's -LRB- finally -RRB- common to all calculator type watches
 I dont know why I thought a calculator watch costin less than 20 bucks would be of any use and recomend you do not buy this as it is basicly useless except for possibly as a dificult to read watch
 Mine died last week after less than a year of owning it ! Thinking it was a simple dead battery I took it in to have the battery replaced ; just a day later it died again . I loved that watch !
 I bought this watch a week ago and I was disappointed it did n't have a detailed date . It only showed the actual day . Another thing is there is no light for when you need to look at the time in the dark which is very important to me . I guess it serves me right for not looking and inspecting it before I took the tab off which now I ca n't return it . If you need a light and detailed date on your next watch DO NOT get this one . You get what you pay for I guess .
 This watch keeps good time but it seems impossible to make use of other features such as date and whether 12 or 12 hour time . Either the instructions are incorrect or there is something wrong with the control buttons . Disappointing .
 When I got this watch for someone for a gift . I felt a shame to give it to the person . I thought it look nice it cheap cheap cheap plastic that look as if I went to the bubble machine and sent 5o cent for this gift do n't buy this unless you are very cheap . Or you buying this for a kid in the third or under will be happy
 Does not work . Tried everything . I 'm an EE and you 'd think I could make the watch work . Even hooking it up to power supplies , would n't operate . Well , to me this was a total waste .
 This watch seems fine , love the geek factor , BUT no back light ? How the heck am I supposed to see this thing in the dark or at night?Come on Casio , you can do better than this
 I 've enjoyed Casio calculator-watches for many years . This one looks and feels cheaper than its predecessors . Most importantly , it lacks a back-light rendering useless in low-light .
 Some of the liquid crystals on this watch are not functioning , resulting in numerals and letters that displayed incompletely . No response from seller regarding performing an even exchange for a non-defective watch .
 it too small max length is about 71/2 '' long needs to be 9 '' just a waisted expence for nothing extra
 I purchased this band for my husband as a replacement for his original Luminox band . Big mistake . It is VERY cheaply made - this appears to be a knock off of an actual Luminox watch band . The only reason I ordered from this company instead of from Luminox is because of the free shipping . I should n't have wasted my money or my time .
 Initial set up was hard to use even though the buttons worked . Directions mis-leading and could never get watch to read 24 hr time in the digital time . Also the light portion was poor and could not read the digital section .
 There is nothing wrong with the watch itself . I really like it and the band is unusally long which would have been wonderful for me - I usually have to use the very last notch on watch bands . But the night light glow is yellow or amber . . and does n't highlight any part of the watch - this is the reason I will be returning it .
 This watch is truly a piece of crap . It is not worth a single penny . Very hard to set , not easily read and looks extremely cheap . Do n't waist your money on this watch .
 Though I 'm a very loyal customer of Casio but this watch just break my perceptions.The watch has stopped fucntioning just after two three months . Only digital display giving the correct time.Scarcity of Authorized Service centre only added pain.Casio Men 's AW80D-7A Sports Chronograph Alarm 10-Year Battery Databank Watch
 do n't buy - although this looks like a digitasl analog watch , it is not . it is all electronic ; notice there is no `` wind '' stem and there is no second hand . all functions must be set by manipulating the 4 black bars on the side of the watch ; the watch comes with a 100 page manual - after spending much time i was unable to set the time -LRB- hour/minute -RRB- hands ; bottom line , simply too much trouble for a watch
 Im very dissapointed at Casio with this product , although the price was great , the product really was similiar to a toy watch from Mcdonald in craftsmanship , It fail after a week of use
 The idea was to get an inexpensive watch for use it on all those times where you do n't want to ruin the pricey watch . Well ... this Casio is TOO CHEAP ! I do n't recommend it at all . Spend U$ S 10 more and get something better .
 This is not a Thermometer but a telememo , very disapponted!Telememo is some useless function to store 3 character memos with numbers .
 A dissapointing product , the picture looks nice but in reality really not worth buying , after wearing it for a while , i found the screen scratch quite badly , can not recall how i got the scratch . But for that price i guess that what you can expect
 This wrist watch has an unusually small face . So small , it is annoying to look at . Go for something else if you need a wristwatch that fits nicely on the wrist .
 I like the way this watch looks . Like that it has analog hands as well as digital time , date , and day of the week . I only use the alarm and stopwatch so I do n't need the other features on the watch . Light is almost of no use in the dark and the luminous hands are not luminous so you may as well not count on being able to see the time in any dark places . Tried to replace the battery when it died out after a year or so but it was difficult to take out the old battery and difficult to replace the new one . Followed the procedure online -LRB- need to reset by inserting needle nose pliers or tweezers into correct areas on the inside of the watch -RRB- but the watch died out on me again after only a week or so . Had good success with my previous Casio watches so I 'll probably buy another one but definitely not the same model .
 Casio = Poor quality and terrible customer service ! I am not very hard on my watches yet this watch began to show cosmetic wear after a few short months . I also purchased a similar model at Amazon which ceased to function and Casio did not honor their warranty . Prior to the two Amazon purchases , I bought a Casio watch when on vacation . It died within a few weeks and I thought it must have been a counterfeit . Well I know the two I bought from Amazon are genuine and now I understand that , not only does Casio make a shoddy product , but also that they have terrible customer service and will not honor their own warranty . Shame on you Casio . Needless to say , I will never buy another .
 i hate , i give for free to a fryend.I hate it I hate it , never again buy a watch online the truth I was extremely disappointedi looks so cheap ...
 the watch looks pretty darn cheap ... moreso than i thought it would . I cant even change the time on the hands , because there is no dial ! do not get this !
 I purchased this watch to replace another that i had for several years but it stopped working . This watch looks nice but it is made cheap -LRB- that 's why we pay about 18 dollars in Amazon -RRB- . Well it was fine but quickly got scratches on the glass and the worse thing was moisture on the glass . I sent it to Casio and they returned very quickly but i have n't had the chance to test it . If this happens again probably i will throw away and purchase a Timex.I updated my review to one since zero star is not allowed . I went to the pool and the watch got moisture in the glass again . So I do not know what the repaired because it is worse than before .
 Watch I got was not equiped with thermometer although the picture matched the product . Mine was some memo/phone number featured watch .
 I also bought this watch & spent extra money because it is advertized as `` Thermometer '' . There is no thermometer on it . Very cheaply made .
 Watch ceased to function . Looks like it has 10 year battery that lasts less than 4 months.Amazon says my `` return window '' has expired ... What else can I say ?
 ** Update , it looks like they took the `` thermometer '' out of the title ** I just received my order for this watch . Do NOT buy this watch if you are looking for the thermometer feature . It does NOT have it . It is a TELEMEMO watch . Do n't even know why they name it that . The black dial is very lack luster and flat . I think the white or blue dial may `` look '' as if it may be worthy of a timepiece . As mentioned by other members , the LED lighting is very poor compared to the electro-lume / Indiglo feature of Timex -LRB- or even other inexpensive watches . Where the whole face illuminates or glows uniformly -RRB- . The digital screen is useless in the dark because it does NOT light up at all . The Telememo feature is mostly for novelty , because entering the information is cumbersome vs. today 's cellulars and pda technology . The wrist band is on the flimsy side as I am more comfortable with the meatier band on the Ironman from Timex . This is a very lightweight watch . Feels as though you must `` baby '' it.Overall , I am fairly disappointed in the watch but the price keeps me from putting out more money and time to return it . If the battery does last the estimated 10 years , then it may be a good work horse -LRB- as long as the band last somewhere along those lines -RRB- .
 The ` crystal ' of this watch is in fact made out of plastic , which causes it to become marred and scratched nearly as soon as it 's removed from the containing box . The backlight is almost totally worthless and the databank function is unusable with a total of four buttons . The analog dial does not even feature a second hand.Avoid .
 If you have the least bit of active lifestyle - and by active , I mean that you move around the house , probably step out once or twice a dayhea into public spaces - then avoid this watch.The glass scratches very very quickly , in fact so quickly that I am a little stunned . I 've worn watches for the past 20 years , and I had a much more active lifestyle as a student for a majority of those years . I was active in sports and theater , and I 've never had a watch scratch as quickly as this one . What is the glass made of ? Why do I keep calling it glass , when it is clearly cheap plastic.I asked Casio how much they would take to repair this $ 18 watch . They said $ 12 to change the glass , and $ 9 to ship it back to me .
 I was happy with this watch when I received it . It was aesthetically pleasing and was easy to read . It comfortably fit my large wrist and had these grooves in-layed in the strap so the watch would n't move if your wrist got sweaty . Simple to program and use and very tough -LRB- so I thought at the time -RRB- . I was boosting my buddy over a wall and he stepped on the watch , it did not break . Mind you to the fact that he does not weigh a lot , maybe 130 pounds.After a couple months of loving this watch , I was starting to notice the hinges that connected the straps to the watch face would squeak . This concerned me as I felt these would give out one day and the watch would fall apart . I showed it to my brother , who owns a real G-Shock , and we compared watches . His G-Shock -LRB- DW6900-1V -RRB- did not have movable hinges but instead had stationary hinges , thus no squeaking . His watch felt also more solid and well built . He works as an EMT , so that 's what he primarily uses his watch for . This concerned me further but I decided to just see how things would pan out.A couple weeks later , I was working out at the gym . I always wear my watch to tell time since I do n't carry my phone at the gym . While I sat up from working out , the watch edge snagged on a bench and the hinge broke . It was so fast I could barely tell what happened . I picked up my broken watch and said `` Should of got the G-Shock . `` It is repairable but if this going to be a serious work or duty watch you ca n't have this happen on the job . Of all the crap I put it through , it was a simple snag that broke the hinge.Also this is not a defect in my watch , this is poor design and if you look at G-Shocks they have a fail-safe against this issue.Save up the extra 23 bucks and buy a real G-Shock , my brother has had his for a year and it 's still running strong .
 when i was going through the pictures i saw the gshock box but it doesnot come with that box and also the watch looks cheap
 The watch is actually pretty nice for the price . However it is not a real g shock as shown in the picture And stated in title . Box is regular Casio and bevel on the face is not raised like g shocks . Nice touch though , countdown timer does n't automatically start again aftear reaching zero . Not a bad watch . Just not what was stated .
 Sucks to be the first one to leave a 1 star review for a supposedly awesome product , but ... here we go.Let 's rank it 5 to begin with . The watch looks great , functions as advertised , has a very bright illumination . Everyone 's happy.I found only one annoying problem with how it works . When in the dark you press the `` Illuminator '' button , the watch lights up , but then when you press any other button say to switch to another mode the light disappears immediately . Any other watch I owned did n't have this problem . The only reason to have illumination is so it errrr have some light?This though only knocks off half a point if that , but...G-shocks are all about durability . Some claim them to be indestructible . Videos of g-shocks being frozen , boiled , hit with baseball bats , thrown from unreal heights and generally brutally abused are everywhere . Hard to believe anything could kill them . There 's an official Casio video of a g-shock watch being hit with a big-a $ $ steel hammer at full swing with no effect to the watch . They make it seem like you ca n't destroy it any way you try.Ok . So I was bragging to my friend about it and to test it myself I dropped the watch from 5 feet on the floor . My friend had a good laugh when I picked it up and found the screen blank.Now have you dropped remotes before ? cellphones ? So have I. Even my laptop had the pleasure of hitting hardwood a couple of times . All in perfect working order . Yet when the one thing that is supposed to be super tough is as fragile as a light bulb one has to wonder.To make things worse I had another g-shock . The DW5600E-1V . Well maybe I got unlucky with the dw6600 . This one surely should be tough right ? To be fair it continued to work after a free fall . Several free falls . But after I smashed it into the floor -LRB- carpeted btw -RRB- with half an effort the screen started to show weird symbols , the rubber -LRB- ! -RRB- case chipped and one backplate screw flew 10 feet away . Pathetic . I 'll be uploading pictures.Funny that I was about to order a mudman.So how many stars ? Should I give it credit at least for timekeeping ? Sure . But that 's as far as I 'll go . 1 star .
 The Casio website states that this watch is waterproof to 30M , but after I received it I discovered that it is not waterproof . I therefore returned it .
 No one who sells this watch services it , for good reason
 I have a DBC-W150 and I do not care about any Databank without thisfeature - `` Receive '' button just under the Display.I have written Casio with this complaint.If other people complain , Casio will bring back thisfeature which makes my Databank the most accurate timepiecein the world of presently offered Databank Calculator IllimunativeCasio Watches.Why Casio dropped the ball on this feature defies the primal conceptof any watch - to keep time accurately!What good are meeting imputations if you are going to show upuntimely?Best .
 I have not received the watch !! Where is it ???? You charged my credit card but I never got the watch.Richard Siefert8596 Alessandria CtNaples , FL 34114239-732-5885
 This is a fabulous device but unfortunately had an Achilles heel . The plastic casing cracks at the points where the screw holes where the screws holding the metal back plate are set . I am on my third watch because of this failure ; it is already beginning to crack and Crazy Glue will not prevent the crack from extending dealing to the ultimate failure of the wristband falling away from case . Will not buy another .
 I purchased this watch directly from Amazon on August 26 , 2009 . I never used the memory but the other functions worked ok.My problem is that within the past few weeks the case which is made of some sort of black composite plastic material has literally begun breaking apart at stress points . First , at two points on the back where the small screws hold the stainless steel back to the case , the case material chipped off making it impossible to screw in two of the four the screws . Today , the wrist strap became unattached . Trying to reattach the strap , I saw that the case had broken at one of the small holes for holding the pins that attach watch bands to a watch . So now it is impossible to fasten the watch band to the watch.Maybe it was just a bad batch of plastic used for the case . I have had Casio watches that lasted for years . But one would think that something like that would be caught by the quality control people .
 I tried this watch as an alternative to the DB150 's that I have used for years . I wanted the large database for phone numbers and thought the DBC150 would meet my needs although I did n't want the calculator . It did n't meet my needs because the display was too small which made the numbers very hard to read . I returned this and tried the EDB610 which has a goofy blue display that makes the info hard to read . I returned that and dropped back to the DB-36 which has less storage but at least I can read the data.DB-150 had a great display and was easy to read . Bummer that they 've been discontinued .
 This watch is really beautiful to look at , and I 'm sure it would keep great time and last for years . Even so , it 's going back.The first time I picked it up , I was struck by how HEAVY it is compared to other watches I 've worn . Out of curiosity , I put it on a postal scale . The watch weighs 3.9 ounces , or about a quarter of a pound . That may not sound like much if you 're weighing apples , but it 's a lot to wear on your wrist all day . I have an old analog watch with leather band , and it weighed in at 1.6 ounces.The other problem is the length of the band . I 'm a six-foot man and definitely not wimpish , though my wrist is on the small side . I would have to remove two or more links from the band to get a decent fit . Casio does n't provide any instructions , so I read several online descriptions of the process before giving it a try . I 'm handy enough with tools , but was unable to get the job done without risking doing some damage , so stopped . I 'm not going to pay a jeweler to do it.My previous watch was a Casio `` ana-digi '' hybrid which I ended up disliking . It required too much button pushing for this old brain , plus it stopped several times for no apparent reason.All I want is a lightweight analog watch in the $ 30 - $ 40 price range . I 'm not going to buy another one sight unseen , so will probably go to WalMart or equivalent and try before I buy . This Casio is going back to Amazon .
 As a wrist watch , I am dissatisfied with the metal band . It plucks hair underneath the band . The bright nickel two-tone effect band is good .
 Casio has come up with a metal watch band that even a jeweler ca n't figure out how to remove links in . Furthermore they do n't include instructions for metal watchband link removal and for good reason ... it 's way to complicated . Gone are the days of simply pressing a pin in a small hole to remove a link . Casio customer service told me I could send the watch to them for sizing ... for a fee ... never mind the fact I might make a mistake and ask them to remove too few or too many links . They need to figure out a more hassle free metal watchband if they want my business . I returned the watch to Amazon , thankful at least Amazon has got their act together concerning how to treat a customer . Casio is totally out to lunch concerning the band design on this watch .
 I 'm Shocked and Mad about receiving an ugly blue and silver watch band * on this watch . I immediatly started the RETURN action ! I detest the color Blue ! ~ < On a watch , . , come-on ! Hopefully , , I 'll receive a new one with a nice silver watchband . maybe an Upgraded one , too . for my trouble ! Not a nice way to treat an ole customer !! < > * D *
 It 's a nice watch , but way too young for my taste . I was looking for a large face watch and this one did fit the bill . However , I did n't like the wrist band . I gave this to a younger friend ... who loved it !
 This is a big , solid , striking watch . I really like the styling . I like the automatic movement -LRB- no battery required -RRB- with a sweep second hand . It 's more water resistant than most similar watches -LRB- 50m vs 30m -RRB- , which means it 'll handle being submerged , although that will not be good for the band . Those are the pros.The cons of this watch basically revolve around build quality . I can see parts of the inside of the watch that are unfinished . The movement is swiss-designed , but cheaply made in China . It works , at least for now , but it 's a bit noisy . You can hear the flywheel turning , too . I 've heard louder watches , but this is clearly not in the same league as an expensive watch . Also , the strap will need a few more holes for those of us with smaller wrists . To be fair , I 've had this problem with other -LRB- more expensive -RRB- watches . But it would n't be that difficult to give this a deployant closure to reduce wear on the strap . If the watch lasts long enough to justify another strap , I 'll invest in a decent one.So , I give this watch two stars because it 's far from perfect and it 's also pretending to be much better than it really is . But I 'll wear it for as long as it lasts and I hope to be pleasantly surprised .
 Bought this watch for my boyfriend , he loved it and it really looks very nice and high quality and feels it too . Unfortunately , although it should wind itself with normal use and he wore it everyday , it stopped working after about 5 months . Sent it in to Stuhrling , and they sent it back 3 weeks later and it STILL was not winding or working . It almost seemed like they hadnt even done anything ! I thought maybe I just had a defective watch , but now I see others are coming back and writing reviews that same thing happened to them after a few months of use . I have sent it in a SECOND time now to be fixed , and was told that they will rush it to me but `` need time to fix it properly '' . So is that now what they did the first time ? Seems very sketchy to me , but we will see what kind of condition its sent back to me in this time . If its not working again , at this point I dont even think I would ask for a replacement but just a refund . We 'll see .
 My wife bought this watch for me last winter . It certainly looks great and it worked fine for the first 6 months . But then the band broke , the time-setting dial fell out of the watch when I wanted to set the time , and the watch stopped moving.We sent it in for repair -LRB- along with the $ 20 shipping and handling charge they require -RRB- and after a month of holding onto the watch they sent it back . The band was fixed and the watch was `` working '' again , but when I went to set it , the time-setting dial came out and it stopped working again.I sent it in to them again and after keeping it for another month , they recently sent it back to me but the problem is still there . I mailed it back to them a third time today and they promised over the phone to replace it this time . But it 's a lot more trouble than one should have to go through for a watch .
 I bought this watch for my husband for a gift . He had been eyeballing it for months and I jumped at the opportunity to purchase it at a discounted price . Little did I know that I was getting what I was paying for . Within a week , the watch stopped working . My husband was so irritated that he did n't even want to spend the $ 20 to have it repaired . Now it is somewhere in a box -LRB- I do n't know where -RRB- collecting dust . What a disappointment !
 Got the watch off amazon , it looked ok to begin with , but it failed to work within 7 months . I 've had many watches in my life , but none , even the $ 30 ones , were not of such poor quality . I checked out the Sturhling service center and unlike other companies , that stand behind their product , Sturhling wants the customer to pay them a flat rate of $ 20 and pay for shipping back and forth , EVEN IF THE WATCH IS COVERED BY WARRANTY ! So you pay for their poor build quality , that 's a sweet deal for them , no ? It also takes 2 MONTHS !!! to get it fixed.Overall , worst watch I 've ever owned , worse than my $ 30.00 Timex . -LRB- who 's 3 years old , working strong -RRB- . Swiss quality my a ** . BTW , the watch is not made is Switzerland , but somewhere in Asia . Shame on you Sturhling , you bunch of schemers . Would strongly argue against buying this watch and urge prospective buyers to look at other , more established -LRB- and more reliable -RRB- brands .
 Looks Good . Works Fine.Would have given 4 Stars if only the name `` Stuhrling Original '' was on stamped dial as shown in Product display image.Instead the name is printed on glass which gives it a cheap look . I wonder why the product display image doesnot show the name printed on glass . Was a special watch was made to show Stuhrling on dial and not on glass?Update
 Watch was beautiful . Gifted to my brother-in-law . The watch stopped working after just 3 months of regular use - what an embarrassment.Sent for warranty repair . Had to pay shipping and send twenty bucks along with that.They repaired the watch and sent it to wrong address!Called them today , just got an apology.Now , I do n't have the watch.Avoid this brand . Please.Thanks
 Please do n't make the same mistake as I did , this watch looks much better than it works . Quality is really poor . I used it for 3 months , and it is broken now . I can not return it , only repair , and I do n't really want to repair it because I have to pay extra 20 $ to the company for handling -LRB- awfull service -RRB- .
 I bought two Stuhrling watches - this one and the brass-colored gold version.They both came in the same shipping box with NO packing material between the watch boxes and the bottom of the shipping box !!! To make it worse , the packing material on the top of the box was overstuffed - assuring that any stress the outside of the shipping box received was directly transferred to watches.The shipping box was not marked fragile or handle with care.The brass one works fine after winding-This silver one was DOA.Was it defective to begin with or was it the bad packing job?Will the brass one fail early because Amazon does not understand the importance of properly shipping automatic watches?A good packing job assures that even if the outside of the box is subjected to the stress of an impulse or severe vibration that the valuable contents do not.Packing automatic watches should assure that packing material SURROUNDS the fragile contents and is NOT overstuffed - Overstuffing just transfers the stresses directly to the contents.Product was returned but Amazon gets to keeps your money for 2 months.AMAZON - PLASE CHANGE THE WAY YOU PACK AUTOMATIC WATCHES !!!!
 If you can absolutely guarantee your watch will never touch water then disregard this - otherwise read closely . I am an expert watch maker and designer . Water resistant watches are only as water resistant as their weakest water entry point . Any watch that does not have a screw crown might as well not be water resistant at all . It stupifies me that someone would make a water resistant watch that is supposed to retail for $ 500 , and not put a screw crown on it !?! I have 7 years of intensive expertise in repair/diagnosis/design in water resistant watches , and can say that the crown -LRB- little thing on the side of the watch you use to set the time -RRB- is the cause of water leaks 99.99 % of the time . A screw crown actually screws on to the case -LRB- body -RRB- of the watch creating an excellent seal . A free spinning crown is like taking a blown up pool toy , and sealing it by taping a rubber ball over the inflation hole ! It 's weak ! And guess what happens if you touch it while immersed in water ? I could go on for hours ... just do n't waste your money !
 stuhrling , invicta , android
 This is such a beautiful watch , and that 's why I attempted to purchase this watch a second time , only to find that the second was also defective . I bought this watch about a month ago , and as soon as I took it out of the package and got it working , I fell in love with it . Within a day , it turned into a baby rattle ; for some reason , it was rattling like crazy . I 'm not very familiar with automatic watches , and so at first I thought this was normal . I looked up the issue online and found that it had something to do with a loose piece . Immediately I returned the item -LRB- you 're not able to get a replacement , you actually have to get a return and buy another -RRB- , in hopes that the watch I had bought was just defective . About a week later I received my second watch . On the second day , it flat out stopped working . Two defective watches ! I was very irritated . Anyways , of course I did n't end up buying a third , and so I had to let this one go . It 's very beautiful , and continues to receive great reviews on Amazon , but I had no luck with this one . I 'd also like to mention that both of the watches I received were ticking audibly ; you could hear them easily when you 're just sitting and reading or watching TV . FYI , I got free shipping the first time and thought that this could have been the case of the rattling , but for the second watch , I paid for shipping and I still had an issue . A + for Amazon -LRB- free shipping , fast refund , paid for return shipping , and I guess it 's not their fault , at least I do n't think -RRB- , and F - for Stuhrling . ; -LRB-
 PROS
 Just for informational purposes , before you buy it , please be aware these watches are NOT Swiss made . I did research and found they are built somewhere in Asia . I purchased this watch a couple years ago from a retail store in the mall . Granted it looked good , but it lasted like 8 months . Your choice ...
 Mine broke after about a year . The pumkin came off . had to go get it fixed . its also to big . other then that it does look cool . I think amazon owns this company becaus they push their products hard .
 Regardless of how nice the watch looks , and the few compliments I got , I need a watch to be accurate ... Read the other reviews . This watch is garbage.I will never buy another Stuhrling . Unfortunately amazon is filled with them .
 Automatic watch not working . in fact stopped to work every minut ... so does n't work as a watch of course.i am in process with Suhrling if It ca n't be repaired or even exchanged as it is -LRB- or should be -RRB- still under warranty .
 . I love citizen eco drive watches.They are usually so painlessly carefree . This model , however , is not a good pick ! . If you need the band sized , as I did , the band now fits perfectly , but to unclasp the watch , you have to reach inside between watch and wrist to manuever the deployment clasp.It 's next to impossible.I understand the reason ... the band then looks like it 's all one piece . it 's just not worth the trouble . I literally had to stick a pointed object under the watch to get it to release . A sharp , pointed object near your radial artery is just never a good idea . Think twice here .
 The face color looks white in the photo but is actually grey and purple.Also , the watch looks much cheaper than in the photo , and diamonds are very small.So , I sent it back . The refund was prompt .
 Hi , I would like to report an abuse on the purchase of this watch by the seller , since I bought this watch on black Friday for a Christmas gift , and I live in Venezuela where we have only 400 dollars a year for online shopping restriction for a national program , then this seller irresponsibility of not updating the online store amazon , sold this item in your physical store and I cancel the order , then to cancel the purchase did not care that my dollar was blocked and lost my $ 74.95 because the bank not to me can be returned because the bar program national de restriction of dollars does not allow me to receive more than $ 400 , now I need the seller to be responsible for this purchase to be canceled for irresponsible not to keep their products Amazon , this is an irresponsible seller did not understand the responsibilities they should have with all customers visiting this shop for this reason require the seller or amazon take responsibility for my $ 74.95 .
 I like the watch , but it has some damage like : alarm does n't work andone of the digital numbers does n't appear
 I have now purchased 12 Casico Illuminator Digital Watches . Everyone has suffered a broken harness on both sides of the watch . Some watches last a year . My most recent watch broke yesterday , less than a month since I bought it . Ironically , all the watches themselves still keep perfect time some more than five years later . Understandably , I will not be buying this watch again .
 This watch is kind of ugly , but it was listed as water resistant to 100 meters , which is what I needed . When it arrived , it said it was water resistant , with no depth given . Much research later on Casio 's website showed it was not water resistant to 100 or even 50 meters . I returned it immediately .
 I own another Casio Illuminator and this is nowhere near it . It is cheap and flimsy , and even though it is only going to be worn while I perform physical labor at work and is by no means a fashion statement , I 'm not happy with it at all . Oh yeah , there is no illuminating the face with this watch , so it is misleading at best and downright false advertising at best . Anyone want to buy mine ? $ 5 takes it .
 Bought this watch as a supposedly water-resistant alternative to the f91w . Listed as water resistant 300ft , yet did n't last washing my hands in a sink . Totally dead , and I 'm now done with Casio watches after losing two of these in two weeks to water damage .
 I bought this and upon wearing on my wrist , the hinge broke and the watch fell out of my hand . Apparently the rubber was cracked in the first place , broke and the little rod fell out . So I returned this back to the seller . There was no email to confirm return until I contacted them giving all kinds of excuses . Finally they said they will refund my money . But as of now I did not get any refund - not trust worthy seller . I was hoping to give them a chance but I waited over a month now and still did n't see any money refund back to me .
 I just checked my account to see now I bought this watch in 2008 , so the warranty is gone and all i can share about this is that it failed the swim test earlier this year . . once the water droplets got in , the led numbers are broken and so this watch is no longer watched . . i 'm going to be careful with what i buy as for water resistant versus waterproof , , there is a big difference .
 The product information of the Amazon site says the watch is water resistant to 330 feet -LRB- can withstand splashes , swimming , snorkeling , scuba diving -RRB- . The watch , according to the instructions supplied with it , is only water resistant -LRB- can withstand splashes , but not water from swimming , snorkeling , scuba diving -RRB- . I purchased the watch to wear when swimming . Seems like a bait and switch .
 This is a basic watch ; it did what I expected it to , which was really to have an alarm instead of using my cell phone . It has a stopwatch but no countdown feature , which I sort of wanted , but oh well.The real problem is this watch is less than a year old and is already broken . I do n't know what broke it but one morning I realized the bottom of the case near the strap pin cracked . I can still use the watch as an alarm but I ca n't wear it on my wrist . I wo n't be buying a new Casio after this experience .
 I have had a Casio watch for about a year and now the watchband needs replaced . I was informed by Walmart that they can not replace a Casio watchband . I called Casio and they told me that as far as they know NO CASIO WATCHBAND CAN BE REPLACED BY A NORMAL WATCHBAND ! I had to order a watchband from Casio and they had to know which model it was before I ordered it . Total price
 ... it is too small even for a skinny man 's wrist ! Perhaps this is for pre-teen boys ... or girls . Also , it does n't have a way to set the year . What this means is we will have to set the date more often than in a watch which allows setting of day , month and year .
 the watch arrived on time and in good condition . But , the band broke the first week . Husband was going out of town so we just bought a new band and the watch is working fine . Just to let you know the band was made cheap and broke easily .
 This watch is a piece of junk . Bear with me while I quantify my MIXED EXPERIENCE with Casio watches.I have been a fan of inexpensive Casio watches for many years , with the model `` Casio Men 's W71-1V Classic Digital Watch '' being my favorite . I have probably owned 5 to 7 of these watches and used them every day and at times for scuba diving -LRB- to 160 ft with no problems -RRB- . The only issue is/was that the bands would get brittle and break and there were no reasonable replacement bands that would fit . So I would just buy a new watch for around $ 12 to $ 14 . The old watches still keep working for years ! I 've velcroed them onto my motorcycles and other places ! The bands would usually last about 2 years or less with more exposure to sunlight , hot tubs , and swimming pool chlorine or petrochemicals . When it looked like they were going to be hard to find , I bought a few at a time from Amazon and as the band broke , I would have a new watch that would run much longer than the band would last . This model also had many features that the watch under review does n't have -LRB- for about the same price -RRB- . It did n't have a fully backlit illumination , but the little corner illumination worked OK and it only required one finger . In the past , Amazon brought this watch back for their distribution -LRB- after they had discontinued it -RRB- because of popular demand eventhough the design was fairly old . People -LRB- and many of my friends -RRB- loved it ! But now it is no longer available again -LRB- if it were , I would buy at least 3 -RRB- , so I tried the F105W-1A as a replacement . MISTAKE !!! The F105W-1A has about 1/3 the features of the other watch -LRB- missing the countdown stopwatch , second time zone setting , year setting -LSB- manual reset for Feb in leap year ??? -RSB- etc -RRB- . The electro-backlit illumination is nice but that is about it . About 50 % of the time the watch has to be switched back to the preferred mode -LRB- 24 hr , or 12 hr -RRB- because the button is constantly being pushed by wrist movement . The MAJOR problem is the band . The `` buckle '' side of the band is about an inch or more shorter than my previous Casios , so this watch would hardly fit my rather small wrist -LRB- big guy , small wrist -RRB- . The buckle would sit on the side of my wrist rather than somewhat opposite the watch with about 1/2 inch of strap to engage with the buckle and `` strap keeper '' . Also , where previous models had holes in the strap in the wide area near the watch which allowed the skin underneath to breathe , this watch has indentations for design , but no holes , so the skin underneath would get rather itchy and sweaty.I am now looking for a reasonable replacement since I sent the F105W-1A back to Amazon.AMAZON , PLEASE GET BACK THE `` Casio Men 's W71-1V Classic Digital Watch '' or at least supply a similiar one in the same price range !!! It 's frustrating when PROGRESS RUNS IN REVERSE !!!
 Thermometer does n't work on your wrist . It must be off your wrist for 20-30 minutes to get a good reading . You ca n't see the reading if it 's about 9 o'clock or any hour :45 . Other digits are easily obscured by the hands.THE BAND IS A NON-STANDARD TYPE -LRB- NO PINS -RRB- SO NOT EASY TO ADJUST . THE LINKS ARE TOO BIG AND PINCH HAIR . FINE LENGTH ADJUSTMENT IS LIMITED TO TWO HOLES ON THE CLASP , which does n't cover the range of lengths you might want.Several design elements are totally frivolous . One has LCDs marking the seconds around the perimeter -LRB- good idea ! -RRB- for the last 30 seconds of each minute , but not the first 30 secs -LRB- stoopid -RRB- . Another shows how far along you are in the current 10 minute slice . As if.Like with pretty much all watches these days , you ca n't count on the alarm to wake you up.Gets maybe an extra star for being good looking .
 Very nice looking watch2 problemsThe thermometer is highly inaccurate when you wear the watch it shows a temp higher by at least 5 degrees -LRB- from your body temp -RRB- The illumination goes off in less than a second making it hard to read the time before it goes offA nice feature is the automatic light that you can set to come on when you look at the time like when you raise your wrist
 The watch looks good in pictures . But the face is difficult to see . There is to much going on on the face . Programming is a pain in the a -- . The bracelet is stiff and not very comfortable . Although I bought this watch as a beater , its going up for sale .
 The face is not only cluttered , but the digital elements -LRB- which are light-against-dark -RRB- are hard to read except in bright light.Perhaps the worst part of this watch is the band . Instead of using easily removed spring-loaded pins -LRB- I forget the correct name -RRB- to adjust the bracelet length , a cheaper system using pull-out bars -- which is very difficult for a consumer to easily adjust -- has been substituted . This sort of band seems increasingly common on watches . It 's a good-enough reason not to buy any watch with one.Addendum , 10/2010
 I have had a Casio watch for about a year and now the watchband needs replaced . I was informed by Walmart that they can not replace a Casio watchband . I called Casio and they told me that as far as they know NO CASIO WATCHBAND CAN BE REPLACED BY A NORMAL WATCHBAND ! I had to order a watchband from Casio and they had to know which model it was before I ordered it . Total price
 My wife bought this watch for me from Amazon 7 months ago . When I tried to switch from daylight savings time the center button was stuck making it impossible to change . Warranty is useless .
 This is a handsome watch , but it is very hard to read the LCD displays . The instructions are necessary as there is nothing intuitive about setting the time and accessing all of its functions . The instructions that came with the watch are only readable with a magnifying glass -LRB- for those over the age of 39 -RRB- , as they are written in micro type . The watch band pulls hair out of my wrist , so I do n't wear it . Overall I 'd say this is a stylish watch , but it is a real dog as far as ergonomics are concerned .
 I bought this watch for casual wear to avoid damaging my more expensive watches . The watch works fine and looks OK , but I must say it has the worst band I have ever encountered . When sizing it , the individual links are very large which makes it tough to get an exact fit . As luck would have it , removing 3 links leaves the watch too loose and 4 links is a bit too tight . Another problem is the band catches on the hair on your wrist . Be prepared for a bald wrist and painful experience if you wear this watch everyday ! I think in this price range , a rubber band will probably work better .
 First and foremost -- Digits can not be seen in low light . I 'm not talking about what most people think of as low light . I mean anything less than daylight . I have not been able to read the watch in conditions I could easily read a book.The hands cover the digits ! More trouble than you might think.Hour hand is hard to see because it is red and has a hole in i -- there is not enough contrast with the black face.Area of face is too small -- about 3/4 inch across -- There is room for a one and an eighth inch face.Thermometer is very accurate ! But only if you take it off for a half hour to let it reach room temp.What does Edifice mean -LRB- as far as this watch goes -RRB- ?
 I have returned this watch . I brought this watch primarily because I liked the idea of having the temperature available . I had read the postings with many saying the temperate function was not accurate but I was hoping that Casio had fixed this problem . Apparently , they have not.The temperature is actually accurate when the watch is OFF your wrist . But when wearing it , the temperature goes bonkers . It can be up to 20 degrees plus/minus from the actual temperature -LRB- which I measured against a digital thermometer accurate to .2 degree -RRB- . Whew.Other problems with this watch -LRB- for me -RRB- include a small watch face -LRB- it seems larger in the photo 's -RRB- , difficult to see the digital displays under the analog hands in most light conditions , difficult to size the bracelet to fit my wrist and the watch is THICK & HEAVY.Also , on further consideration , I think the 30-second accuracy per month is problematic . Why such poor accuracy from a modern quartz movement?As mentioned by others , the band did tend to pinch my wrist hairs and the backlight does not remain lit long enough.All in all , I can not recommend this watch even at the $ 50 price point .
 If you 're looking for a thermometer watch , I suggest you look elsewhere . Thw watch is heavy and seems well constructed but the thermometer feature lacks . I tried to calibrate this thing as described in the user guide , and while I was wearing it -LRB- as suggested by other reviewers -RRB- but it simply will not give an accurate temperature reading . But for $ 50.00 , you get what you pay for .
 Loved the watch , but had to send it back . This thing pulls arm hair like crazy ! Yowch ! Now , if you dont hair , its a pretty awesome value . Looks elegant , yet still has those neat techy features
 It looks good on the website but after I got it , I was unable to see the time clearly -LRB- with 20/20 vision -RRB- . The digital time font is too small and dull & the analog hands are not visible coz of those small white circles on the face of the watch .
 Good Watch , but the strap is so badly designed that you just can not wear it . Inspite of not having too much of hair on my arm , this watch is a pain to wear . And you can not change the strap to leather one . This supports only the default metal ones and they are very badly designed .
 As with others was looking forward to receiving watch . When i opened it the main part of the watch is to small , thought it would be bigger from other reviews read . Band is so flimsy and so small . Would have brought another one if i had my chance again .
 I ordered `` Casio Men 's EFA119BK-1AV Ana-Digi Edifice Thermometer Bracelet Watch '' from Amazon , it was available at that time . I received some pink color childish watch . When i query about that Merchant replied watch is out of stock . If that is out of stock , why it was available for order . I ordered to Amazon , so i think amazon should be responsible for actual order dispatch.After receiving the wrong product , i checked amazon again , the same watch `` Casio Men 's EFA119BK-1AV Ana-Digi Edifice Thermometer Bracelet Watch '' is still available on amazon , but with increased price . Is this the business policy of AMAZON.COM
 EL PRODUCTO MUY BONITO Y CON FUNCIONES BASTANTE INTERESANTE , PERO A LOS 5 DIAS DE COMPRADO SE LE ROMPIO LA CORREA DE METAL , SIN HACER NINGUNA ACTIVIDAD FISICA EXTRAORDINARIA . NO LO RECOMIENDO . SALUDOS
 Love the watch and wish I could wear it . But I am a white guy with average arm hair , and it is PAINFUL . It is constantly catching and ripping out hairs . I had a previous metal banded casio watch -LRB- the Forester -RRB- without this problem . I will go back to that.I attached a piece of clear packing tape to the back of the watch band and cut it with a razor to match the shape . That stopped the hair removal , but it is too temporary and hackish to use long-term on a nice watch like this.If you have no arm hair , go for it ! Looks really nice.As others have said , plan on always using the backlight to read the LCD.Also , the stopwatch is unique , to say the least , and unlike any Casio -LRB- or other brand for that matter -RRB- I 've had . I ca n't say I 'm a fan . For instance , you would expect to be able to stop the stopwatch . But you ca n't . You `` record a lap time '' and the stopwatch resumes running momentarily on its own and with no way for you to prevent it from doing so . Then you must switch to another mode and read the recorded lap time to see how long the stopwatch ran for . It 's rather tedious . But I guess it would be great if you were in a Nascar race or something . =-RRB- You can read the details about its operation if you lookup the manual online . Search for `` casio 4334 manual '' .
 The links of the watch band are rubbing against each other at the edges when you wear the watch . So when your arm hair brushes against the watch band , it gets pinched in between the links and pulled out . If there was some room between the link edges of the band , this would n't be a problem , but I guess this is too hard to figure out for a company that 's been making watches since 1974 .
 I would comment on the design of the watch but it is all pretty irrelevant to me . This watch consistently ripped all of the hairs out of my arm for the two painful days I wore it . Do n't buy this watch if you value the hairs on your arm and have a low pain threshold.Buy this one instead : Fossil Men 's Chronograph Bracelet Watch
 wud hv 2 carry instruction booklet around ... far too complicated to setup and adjust for daily use ... thermometer was gud and returning was very easy ... . casio has gud name , but similar to learning windows 7 after using vista on computer ...
 2 problems . 1st , the digital display is very dim . Almost useless . 2nd , temp meter is not accurate . Can not trust . I returned my order to Amazon.com .
 I like the features & appearance of this watch . I was even able to remove 3 band links for adjustment myself -LRB- after watching a YouTube video on how to do it -RRB- . However , after wearing it for a few days , under no extreme conditions , I was in my home & casually lowered my arm & the watch suddenly fell off my arm . It came apart where the band attaches to the watch itself . The spring loaded pin was not bent & there was no apparent damage . I was able to put it back together using the pin & it seemed secure . The wore it that day & into the next day . I had tugged on the band a little bit on both sides of the watch & it seemed secure . Well , later that day I again happened to casually lower my arm & it came apart again & fell off my arm.Up until the watch fell off I never touched the location where the band attached to the watch . The only place to remove the band links are at the the other ends of the band next to the clasp , and they 're marked by arrows . I returned the watch .
 2 screws on the back of this watch came loose and the watch was ruined as my son took a shower . My son did not tinker with it at all , the screws just came loose on the back panel with normal wear and my son did not realize this . It appears to be poorly made although it does do a lot of cool things . Buyer beware .
 Got the watch today and here has been my overall impression of the watch : Pros
 Watch is just OK . Readout is sometimes obscured . Temp readings are way off if worn , only roughly accurate when not worn . Many times during the day the digital readout , date and temp are obscured .
 I purchased this watch online and have had this same watch for about 20 years . When I was unable to buy it at Sears this year I thought Amazon was the perfect place . Unfortunately , I found that the alarm is backwards - AM versus PM so now I have to remember to set the alarm for the opposite time so the alarm will go off i.e. PM for a morning wakeup ! I do n't have time to send this back and since I bought two , I have n't checked the other one . I left for vacation the second day I got it so , even though I love this watch , I am very disappointed that I got one with a glitch !
 This is a cute watch , but it is so small . It works for my 4 year old but not for me .
 My doctor wanted me to do a simple exercise every hour on the hour , so I purchased this watch because it has an alarm , that 's all . I ca n't even set the current time ! I 'm not returning it because it would cost more to ship than it 's worth . I 've learned to read the comments posted on Amazon -LRB- my all time favorite site -RRB- and think I have found a good alarm watch . So , I 'll give this to some unsuspecting teenager or young child and I 'm sure they will love it .
 Alarm does does not work , that is what I wanted when I purchased this watch . Directions were very hard to understand.Did not know where to get simply directions . I spent way to much time trying to set alarm .
 This watch keeps good time and the alarm comes in handy , but it was much , much smaller than its picture would lead you to believe . It looks like it is meant for a child to wear .
 I decided to purchase this watch for the time and date , but when I got it , trying to figure out how to set it , you need a college degree .
 The item was much smaller than I anticipated . It was to hard to read . I gave it away .
 I ordered A Casio Watch because they are hard to find in the store . It was dead battery and non-funcitonal when it arrived and there was no return address . I will never buy this type of item on line again from Amazon
 This watch broke within a month . It was the plastic part of the watch and no way to even glue it . Sad .
 This Casio watch did not last . The button on left corner fell out after 30 days . It also fogged-up once after a shower . I thought it was water proof or water resistant .
 Quick thought , this watch has smaller face than you might think from picture on web . count-down timer , and features are not smooth.please remake the older casio watches . THis is so sad.My old watch got lost , and trying to replace it has been impossible !
 I bought this watch without realizing that it does n't have a light button . You ca n't light up the display to check the time in the middle of the night . I assumed all electronic watches have this feature , so it did n't even occur to me to check the feature set carefully . Not worth sending it back , either . Oh well ...
 The watch arrived with the battery shot . Clearly old stock . We had unfortunately thown away the box , so we 're just eating the watch . Wo n't buy this here again.EBB
 I was so disappointed in this watch . It was very small . It did not keep accurate time . It did not have a light where you can read it in the dark . I finally , happily , gave it away . It was a joke . I went to K-Mart and got me a real watch .
 I bought this watch because it received so many positive reviews . I now wonder if all these reviewers were paid by Casio.The watch arrived with no instructions on how to set the time or the date or the alarm or the timer.There is a lengthy piece of paper , covered with very , very , very tiny writing in English , Spanish , and French , but nowhere on the page does it say , `` This is how you set the time , '' or anything like that.Rather , as I struggled to make out the tiny print , I could see that it said things like , `` static water pressure is different from dynamic water pressure . '' Wow . Thanks.I tried to wing it , pressing various buttons , but got nowhere.The noise the watch eventually made , as I pressed various buttons , was barely audible , and I 'm wide awake . This noise could never wake me while I was asleep . To call this an `` alarm '' watch is simply false advertising.This may be a good watch for some -- obviously there are many positive reviews on its page . If , on the other hand , you , like me , are not good at getting electronic gadgets to work by pressing various buttons blindly , and if you need an alarm to make audible noise , please rethink buying this watch .
 I read the reviews which looked solid and it crapped out less than two weeks . Looked like a good watch but maybe i got a lemon . Buyer beware .
 I bought this because I was traveling through Europe and did n't want to bring a good watch.It barely made it through my 8 week trip .
 OK , you get what you pay for -LRB- if you 're lucky -RRB- but I was very disappointed as soon as I took this one out of the box . I was looking for an inexpensive replacement for the rock-solid Timex that had served me well for 15 years -LRB- until I lost it -RRB- but this Casio is not it . It looks great in the photo but looks like a toy on your wrist . Nothing about this watch suggests quality or durability .
 I really need a watch with two time zones and a countdown timer . I like a digital and analog combination . I thought this would fit the bill . The drawbacks are that the bezel is blue and hard to see through . The digital functions are so small they are practically unreadable . Somehow I have an hourly alarm turned on and can not figure out how to turn it off . Oh , one more thing , the band pinches the hair on my arm . Too bad , good price but does not come through for me .
 I did n't realize how small the face of the watch was . I do n't wear glasses , so I consider myself to have good eye sight but I strain to see the time on it . It was cheap , so I guess I got what I paid for !!
 The face on this `` casual '' watch was shown and descrbed as `` yellow '' , but what I received had a gold metallic face . Not sporty and very odd combination with a resin case and band . Product not as shown , but not worth returning for $ 3.99 shipping fee . I was really looking forward to wearing the one that was shown . Just poor luck that the wrong thing got shipped .
 I have it on my lanyard at work because it would n't begin to fit around my wrist . It is made for a tiny tiny wrist . Like a ten year old or younger . nice looking watch though .
 No back lights on the digits ! No manual with the watch ! Not very user friendly .
 Seiko makes a pretty good watch but I was dissappointed with this one . The crown keeps on popping up and the watch stops . A jacket sleeve cuff or shirt seems to disengage the crown and the watch quits . Beware if you buy this watch , the crown does not have the screw locking feature .
 Good looking watch and keeps accurate time . Only problem is that the crown pops out daily therefore stopping the time . It is not a screw in crown , it 's a pop out crown . Keep this in mine .
 The watch is pretty . I just got it , so I do n't know how it 's going to work.Be aware that strap is satin , not `` supple black leather '' as says on Amazon -LRB- only the inside of the strap is leather -RRB- . I 'm afraid that soon it will require replacement . This is a huge disappointment for me =-LRB- . If you 're planning to have this watch for everyday use , like I was , then it 's not for you . It 's a beautiful dress watch though .
 Buyer Beware . I just bought this watch . I have owned the 271SSSPMPD watch for many years and was looking to replace it with the same watch . The model sent was C271SSSPMPD not 271SSSPMPD . I contacted Skagen directly -LRB- I bought this from Chelsea Watch , not Skagen -RRB- asking if C271SSSPMPD was a valid model they produced . They said it was a variation of the 271SSSPMPD , the `` C '' marks it as being made for Cosco . The description and photo indicate `` Skagen 271SSSPMPD offers genuine diamond hour indicators . '' The C271SSSPMPD has Numbers for indicators ... no diamonds as pictured . And the face color was more white-ish , not pink as the watch 271SSSPMPD is . As mentioned , I own the watch 271SSSPMPD , so I was able to compare the 2 side by side . Chelsea watch told me I could return it . I 'll be paying for the return shipment . Chelsea watch was nice enough in their email telling me I can return it . But I 'm now without the watch I wanted and out the money until the credit comes through .
 The band was too short and the light was too dim -LRB- it did n't cover the time display so that I could look at the time at night -RRB- .
 The product looks the same as how it was shown on the picture . Only its so small that it will fit exactly a 6 year old , not with a 5 ' 10 '' 175lbs guy like me hehehe
 The photo for this item was deceiving and so the wrong watch was selected . I wrote to the company and they never bothered to acknowledge the problem .
 Compre un reloj y me llego otro , el vendedor cambio la foto de la publicacion y me envio otro diferente al que compre . Persona irresponsable y mentirosa . Casio Men 's W59-1V Classic Black Digital Watch OJO
 This watch does just what I wanted , basic time no frills , however it is advertised as a man 's watch and the band wo n't fit around my wrist which I consider average -LSB- . . -RSB-
 I was surprised to see how small this watch is . I did a double take on the description . Display is tiny . Strap too short to put on easily . Controls easy to figure out . I never read the instructions before I returned it to Amazon
 The watch arrived promptly but it does not work consistently . it was a gift for my son and he reports that it stops running every few days .
 This watch would have been really nice but it was poorly packaged . The watch was delivered damaged because it was bouncing around in the box . It also came in a yellow tin with a roller skate on it , not appropriate for a mens watch .
 To me this watch just has to many functions and is way to confusing to set them all up . I would not purchase this watch again .
 This watch was not worth what I paid for it . The quality is poor and it shows . I would have returned had it not been such a hassle to .
 I have owned several casio watches , and from the reviews I decided to order this one . - It looks nice and feels good to wear . - Unfortunately , I have found it to be quite irritating to use . - It keep changing between the modes -LRB- maybe too sensitive buttons ? -RRB- . - Very often the compass-mode -LRB- which I have no use for -RRB- is the one in the display . More problematic is the fact that the watch has dual time and when mode switches to the alternative time display , the other buttons will easily adjust the time with plus/minus 15 minutes . - Now when I think I am looking at the real time I am actually looking at the alternative time without being aware of this . - This has caused me to miss appointments/transportation . - I have found no way to turn of compass and dual time , and for me this makes this watch unusable . - I will trhow it away .
 Probably the best thing about this watch is the look . It does n't appear as an inexpensive watch . It is very thick - very very thick - almost 1/2 an inch . Not sure why that is.It 's got all the std features of a digital want and a `` bearing mode '' , which is not a digital compass.The tide/moon graph is fairly worthless . You can tell if you are at low , high , or in between somewhere . Plus is very hard to read without holding up to your eye or turning the light on.I 'm sending mine back - you will too if you really need the tide info .
 After one week of normal wearing part of the molded watch which holds the pin securing the strap broke completely off . The watch is poor quality and would not recommend .
 Extreamly tedious to set . Ok , impossible . You receive a 40 page instruction booklet -LRB- you will need a magnifying glass -RRB- . Good luck with that one . It has an easy to read face for the time . That 's it . Date too small to easily read . Has three or four buttons , each seem to do 50 different functions . Who can figure out what ? The alarm
 While the watch worked perfectly for several months , the plastic hinge connecting the strap to the watch broke for no apparent reason . As the watch only cost $ 15 , it did n't pay to make a warranty claim .
 I purchased this watch for my granddaughter as her first watch . However , it never worked . I do n't know if it had a dead battery or if it 's broken . The cost to replace the battery will be nearly as much as I paid for the watch . I will try to resolve the issue with Amazon .
 We purchased the Timex Children 's Heart and Butterfly watch for our 5 year old daughter for Christmas . For a watch claiming to help children learn to tell time , the face and numbers are quite small and hard to see . The face is plastic , which became scratched the first time she wore it . Which leads me to the clasp ... there is no way to adjust this watch for a small wrist . It is way too big for a 5 year old , and I had to sew it together to make it fit her wrist . The cheap metal clasp does not adjust ... so keep that in mind!I would not recommend this product .
 This is the third Timex kids watch I have bought ; I bought it to replace one that stopped working after a few months . I thought , oh well , it must have just been a lemon . WRONG . I gave this one to my daughter for her birthday , it worked for 6 days . I assumed it was the battery that was n't working , ordered new batteries and replaced it , but it does not work . Tried to contact Timex about it , but it costs more to repair it than it cost to buy . Do n't waste your money .
 The watch is cute , but the night light -LRB- Indiglo -RRB- portion does not work . I will be returning the item for a replacement . Aside from that it is perfectly functional .
 My daughter ADORED her watch which was purchased in March , but after a few weeks of summertime use , this `` water resistant to 99 feet '' watch has been destroyed by a few trips to the neighborhood pool . The inside has condensation , the hands have stopped moving and the band is frayed and washed out . Very disappointed in the quality .
 The dial came scratched . It is made of plastic and will scratch after first wear akin if difficult to red time . The straps end fray and make it impossible to loop through . All in all , terrible product for kids .
 Watch rec 'd was the correct part number but totally different than picture shown on Amazon i.e. no military time on dial . Also the battery was DOA on arrival ... at least I think so because the watch did not work at all . The one star was for Amazon 's easy return procedure .
 Who would have thought Casio would put gold hands on a gold faced dial . It makes telling time , even in daylight , nearly impossible . I put the watch in the Goodwill donation bag and chalked it up to a bad choice at the time .
 I bought this watch and about a week after I bought it started to get scratches all over the face . Then only about a month later the watch started randomly stopping and ticking backwards . Do n't buy this watch , it 's not worth it .
 I bought this watch a year ago assuming that Casio would still have a decent level of quality at a low price point . I only wanted something that was waterproof and somewhat durable . The 10-year battery was a bonus that pushed me to buy it.I can not recommend this watch because it fails in the most basic , necessary function -- the watch loses time . In other words , the quartz movement that drives the analog watch is off , so that within one day the watch can lose 20 minutes . That 's just too much to be off for such a short period , even at a low price.I will not buy another cheap Casio watch . For that matter , I will probably pony up at least $ 40-50 instead to get a watch that is accurate and will last instead of a piece of junk like this one . And similar to others , the plastic face does get scratched up pretty easily if you do anything outdoors related .
 0 stars if I could mine came with a dead battery . Straight to the trash can .
 Nice little watch but the glass is not mineral , it is poor quality plastic and scratches easily .
 Bought it as a work watch , and I broke off the pin within a week . For it 's price , I would buy it again . But , I 'm not .
 Initially a great watch , exactly what I was looking for.In the entire year that I owned it not a problem ... and then I dropped it . I was putting it on my wrist so it fell from a height of 3-4 feet and landed on its face . I did n't notice at first but the next time I checked the time it was off because the seconds hand had fallend off the center and was just floating around inside , blocking the other hands from moving.Real nice , a tactical watch that ca n't handle a 4 foot fall . Do n't bother with this one .
 i 've owned hundreds of watches of every sort , but this a first . i bought this watch to swim in as it is rated as a 200 meter water resistant watch and the inside of the crystal is fogged after the first time in the pool . my 10 dollar casio that is minimally water resistant has been in both the pool and the ocean many times without issue . this is a pretty disgraceful product . it was very cheap for its spec , so i took a chance that it would work out . nope!btw , it 's a wonder a company like smith & wesson would tarnish itself by having their name put on something like this
 I bought this watch as a back-up when surfing . It supposedly has a 10 yr battery and is water resistant to 330 feet . I purchased it in July 2010 and I used it once or twice and noticed the time was off . I set the time and checked it a couple more times . It worked intermittently . I read the warranty from the Casio website and this appeared to be a manufacturer 's defect since I had n't done anything to it that should have damaged it or voided the warranty . I shipped it to the Casio service center in NJ for repair or replacement . I received an estimation letter indicating it was out of warranty and it would cost me almost as much to repair and return it as it was for the original purchase through Amazon . Needless to say , I 've deemed this watch far too low of quality to justify spending any more money on it and this experience will definitely affect my choice in purchasing watches . Fortunately , there is a plethora of manufacturers that make low to mid-range sports watches so I wo n't have to only deal with Casio .
 I got the watch because of the 10 year battery.The battery is fine but the watch never worked , I found out this because I had to carry it to be serviced .
 This is a very nice inexpensive watch using atomic time , but is impossible to set or change time zones and if you ever try without the directions , you are lost permanently . I am a college graduate and was on vacation , when I wanted to change time zones . I was not able to find anything about this watch to be intuitive . I could not google any help . When I arrived home , I found the watch was not receiving the signal and had to send it back so they could reset it . Not too convenient .
 I liked this watch because of its size and the resin band so I would n't have to take it off in the shower . Worked fine for two months then stopped . It acts like a dead battery , although the battery was rated for ten years , not for two monhts . I think it is a dead battery because when I advance the minute hand it starts going for another minute or two , then stops .
 Good watch but the band did not hold up . The band broke within a month . Now I am having trouble buying a new band because it is not a standard width band . I found one on amazon but the price of the band is almost as much as the watch.CASIO Men 's MW600F-4AV 10-Year Battery Sport Watch
 Purchased this watch and regretted it . One of the band pins popped out while I was taking it out of the box . Cheap band and clasp , look elsewhere , this watch is very cheaply made . Returned for refund ... which took a while .
 After one month the glass fell out . The watch was not abused . Had to have the glass replaced . The paint flaked off the dial a month after that . The cheap material in the band started to tear just a month after that . I called S&W and they said they did not make the watch . They only allowed thier name to be used . When I asked them who the manufacturer was , they refused to tell me . Not helpful at all . Do n't make the mistake of ordering this JUNK . Save your money and buy a nice Timex Ironman or a Casio G-Shock .
 So this product claims that its `` Water Resistant to 30 meters/90 ft. '' My husband took a swim while wearing it in our pool one week after we received it and it filled up with water , had to have it taken apart , dried and fixed ! Do not buy it if you are planning on using it in water .
 A friend and i each purchased one of these suppossed ` Smith and Wesson ' watches . Both of us regretted it within weeks . They are supposed to be rugged and up to a tactical environment - they are not - not even close.Mine - the watch came away from the strap when i hit a punch bag whilst chatting to a team member in the gym . The thing just flew off and s tiny pin when springing off through the air . We found and and put it back together , but the assembly is so week that any hard bump can dislodge the watch from the strap - so forget using it for anything where you may get knocked . Within a month the pin was lost , the thing just fell apart and we are not talking any heavy exposure.Buddies - one of the hands fell off within weeks . Again , we are not talking heavy exposure here , it just fell off . He contacted S&W ; in the US who admitted THEY DO NOT MAKE THIS WATCH IT IS MADE UNDER LICENCE BY ANOTHER COMPANY WHO SIMPLY USES THE S&W ; NAME !!! Thing is garbage - do n't waste your money . To have 2 of them fail so fast shows these watches are not up to the job .
 1
 The watch arrived broken so I have no idea . It was a gift for my son and he received it that way . So , now he has to wait for an other watch to arrive and hopefully it wo n't be broken also .
 I bought this watch as a Christmas gift for my wife in December . 7 months later the faceplate fell off . Disappointed that I had spent that much money on a watch to only have it break after 7 months . Regardless , I mailed it in to be repaired and fully expecting it would be covered by warranty . Only to be called by Amazon stating it will not be covered and they will send me an estimate on repair after I have paid to have it shipped across the country . I explained in detail what the problem was before I sent it so not only am I upset that I paid to have it shipped , wasted my time but then I find out they are not going to cover it because they are NOT an authorized dealer of Tag . I called Tag and they told me Amazon was not an authorized dealer . When I brought this up to Amazon , their response - `` we never told you we were an authorized dealer '' . Be careful buying from Amazon .
 I was not very happy with this watch . Its ' very small . I 'm sure someone with a smaller wrist would love it . It 's just a plain watch too ... nothing exciting or extraordinary about it ... not quite sure why I even bought it in the first place -LRB- oh yeah . . I 'm an impulse shopper -RRB- ... in any case , I 've returned it ... the picture was a lot prettier than the watch .
 I had always wanted a Tag watch and finally received this Aquaracer as a gift . First off , it looks and feels good . However , the luminous dial is very small and weak . It is nearly impossible to see the hands even after just turning off the lights in a completely dark room . The second problem is that the automatic movement stops if not worn for 10 hours or so . This is a bit inconvenient , I put mine on first thing in the morning to make sure it keeps running . I would not get the automatic if I was buying this watch again . Hope this is helpful for other Tag fans .
 Not worth even the cheap price . I purchased several similar items to compare them , and this was the worst one ...
 We bought this watch for my son for Christmas , and he was very disappointed when it quit working after only a week . It had to be taken apart to discover that the battery was not properly installed . Do n't know if the watchmaker or the seller was responsible for this . I would NOT purchase from this seller again .
 very cute but useless as a teaching watch due to the fact that the size of minute -LRB- not hour -RRB- numbers are too small to see .
 I usually give things the benefit of the doubt but this watch is terrible ! My son recieved it from me for his birthday in May . Within a month there was water condesation in the face . He is quite careful too and tries to remember to remove it when showering , swimming , etc so this SHOULD NOT have happened . Then last week we noticed the band kept slipping , causing the watch to fall off of his arm . Well now , not even 2 months later , it has stopped running all together . Please save your money and do n't buy this watch . If you will want this one though check out Target bc they have it for only $ 15 plus no shipping .
 My daughter loves lizards so she loves this watch . However , we are on our second one because the first one got water bubbles in it after about a year and slowly corroded . I checked the water resistance claim by Timex and they say it is waterproof down to 10 meters . Well , it is not ! The second watch got bubbles in it after the first dip in the pool . It took almost a month for the water to finally evaporate . Suffice it to say , my daughter takes her watch off before swimming now . Next watch will be one that is really waterproof since my daughter is a swimmer .
 We bought this as a gift for our son on a special occassion . One week later , in a shallow pool and after splashing around for only a few minutes , it stopped working . Replacing the battery -LRB- at 1/3 the cost of the watch -RRB- did nothing . Takes a licking ? No , it did n't even take a gentle splash .
 was exactly exactly oppisite from what the site stated and it did n't work . Kinda dissapointing when giving a `` special big-boy '' present to your Granson who is almost 7 . : - -LRB-
 I received 2 children 's watches . The Nike Triax Sweeper does not run and it looks like a used item , dirty band and label is partially torn off the back of the face of the watch . I tried x3 to contact this seller by using the tools at Amazon , unsuccessfully . There was only a rote email response stating it was being reviewed . I called 2016043656 to no avail . Message machine . Do not recommend this seller !!! Rate a zero .
 I enjoyed the MSN service but my Suunto n3 equipment did n't last the year of my MSN subscription or my extended warranty . I took the watch back to CompUSA where I bought it but they do n't sell the watches any more so they would n't honor my extended warranty . I haved called Suunto customer service repeatedly for a month but nobody has talked to me or returned my calls . Now I have five months left on my MSN subscription but no working watch . If you are really interested in a SPOT watches , they are pretty cool but I would recommend staying away from Suunto .
 cool technology , but the styling and size of this watch are insane . my recommendation is that you buy it ... if you like strapping boat anchors to your wrist . i saw another two -LRB- Fossil and Abacas -RRB- that i could actually fit under my shirt sleeve . i think that i will return this and get one of those .
 I feel gyped after having used this a few months . It has a few neat features and keeps perfect time but it 's ugly , heavy and has no two way anything and to have to pay MSN on top of this is obscene
 I bought this watch a few months ago and already shows some problems , it worked OK for a couple of weeks , but now the dial light would not turn on . I suspect that the battery is running down , which is unnacceptable for a brand new item . I have no solution other than taking it to a shop to check . I ca n't hide that i am dissapointed with the NIKE experience .
 This was a terrible buy I ordered an adult Nike Triax and recieved a child 's Triax I was so embarrassed that it barely fit around my wrist . The worst part was that it was n't even a good deal for ten more dollars which is what I payed for shipping . I could have got an adult sized watch at the local sports store .
 This does not have a cheap plastic strap or plastic clasp like the ones that I saw in the big box stores.The angled watch face makes it easier to read without turning your head - what a neat `` twist '' -LRB- could n't resist the pun -RRB- . The black on black is macho for my son , though he is probably too young to know what macho even means.Glad I bought it .3 / 2010 UPDATE - Watch backlight has broken . Adjustments have proven to be too much hassle to work with ... wish I had not bought it .
 Hey !! I read the reviews here , but boy were we dissapointed
 This watch appears to be the same as the Nike `` Triax Juniors ' / Kids ' '' watch . It seems that the seller is just marketing the cheaper kids ' watch as a ladies ' watch in order to sell it for a higher price .
 the watch itself is very nice but it needs a man with wide arm . after i bought it i resold it again because its size .
 This watch looks great but the internal mechanism which you are supposed to be able to see on the face simply will not move correctly . The watch keeps good time but obviously not because these gears work or not . Would not buy again
 This is my second Nike Triax watch . The first watch the band broke in half after 3 years of use . I bought this watch because I liked the functionality and the look of the watch . Now , a couple of years later the band on the watch has broken and the rubber on the body is coming unglued.The band itself costs $ 18 and it must be sent out to be repaired which will add at least another $ 10 . Repairing the watch will end up costing half as much as the entire watch itself.Also , my watch had a tendency to reset sporadically from static . I would remove my jacket and the watch would beep and reset .
 Watch band only lasts about 8 months , can not buy a new one so watch is trash . Not good on your wallet or our earth .
 I liked all the functions on this watch , especially the large display , which is why I bought it . It broke after about 2 years , and like most small electronic devices , is n't cost-effective to fix . I have a Timex sports watch that 's 12 years old and still going strong . Never again ... Also hated the instructions - this huge foldout sheet with all the directions in tiny text in a whole bunch of languages . Clumsy and hard to follow.Just stupid . Nike should know better .
 I can not give a positive or negative opinion about the watch , as up to today I have NOT received it .
 Beware . My Nike watch worked great , but after a year the band broke where it connects to the watch housing . To my surprise Nike does not sell band replacements . Watch still works , but now I ca n't wear it . Get ready to buy a new watch if you want to have a Nike one . I wo n't be among you .
 I 've never broken a watch in my life until I got this watch . The first one broke where the band meets the body within a week . The retailer replaced it with a different one . The replacement broke in the same spot within six months . In neither case did I put any stress on the watch , it literally fell off my wrist . Nike used to be a decent brand , now it 's apparently overpriced sweatshop junk .
 The quality is not up to par . I have returned the Nike Triax 50 model two times.The first one worked fine but the rubber started separating from the body . Nike replaced the watch without problems.The replacement worked during one workout . Before the next workout , I went to set the intervals but it got stuck in one screem . It is now stuck in what appears to be the clock or alarm setting mode as the screen shows 12:00 . I can not get it to change screens or anything for that matter no matter which button I press . I am returning it once again .
 I originally recieved this watch for Xmas and I had it out of the box for 10 seconds and the orange button on the face of the watch fell off . I returned it for the same watch and I have only been wearing it on runs for 3 weeks . I got home and the lower left button fell off . The watch is great with all of the functions it has but as far as realiabilty I would not recommend this watch .
 I had my Nike Triax Speed 50 Super Watch # WR0083-002 watch for less than 1 year . The watch band broke where it attaches to the watch frame . I love the watch and it 's been working great , however I can not find a replacement band . Not a good product if Nike is not going to provide support for the consumer .
 This was my second Triax watch and my second bad experience . I had the watch for about 5 days and it locked up . None of the buttons would work . I replaced the battery and it still would n't work so I returned it .
 I am a big fan of Nike Triax watches , but had bad luck with this model . I had the watch for about 4 weeks and in that time it reset itself once and finally locked up - all of the buttons stopped responding . Replacing the battery had no effect and I had to return it . Additionally , the button on the face is a little too large and is too sensitive to accidental contact . When I would check the time I more often than not had to play with the buttons because I had inadvertently switched to some other mode . On the plus side , it is very comfortable and the display is easy to read .
 what a hassle . i 've had it 9 months , and not worn it frequently , and the band just breaks . part pinned in to the face has the rubbery material break into pieces . ugh ! i would expect it from a $ 10 watch , but not $ 100 . my sports watch i bought at target works better ! do not recommend .
 Granted , this is a low end Nike watch , I have a higher end Nike watch . I also have an Ironman Watch . I like the Ironman watches and you can get an Ironman watch that has these features for about $ 20 . Also , I had to send the first watch back . The backlight would not go off and no data -LRB- time/date or other features -RRB- worked or could be shown . So all I had was a blank backlit watch . However , despite my negative review and the issue of the watch -LRB- broken , however probably an isolated incident -RRB- , I decided for a replacement vice a refund . And Amazon.com did a great and quick job fixing the situation . We 'll see how this watch works out . I kept the watch not for the functions , more so so I can rotate with my other watches and it has a pretty good look .
 I bought this watch to give my sister as a birthday gift . However , I am totally disappointed . This is very big for girls :-LRB- -LRB- I will send this back to amazon .
 The watch itself is working , but one of the buttons stoped working after 5 days.I sent an e-mail to the seller asking what I should do to return it and get another one and the seller simply ignored my e-mail . If you want to buy this watch go ahead , but do not buy it from Watchsavings .
 even for someone like me with small wrists , this looks like a girls watch . the band looks nice . the face is also small making the clock and numbers a bit more difficult to read . the backlight is not very good . feels a bit cheap .
 My son thinks that this watch is really cool . But from a parnets perspective the watch is cheaply made . I expect it to last , if I 'm lucky for one month . The velcro separated from the rubber band after only 3 days .
 I was very unhappy with this watch . I bought it for my 6 year old . It constantly breaks -LRB- the lego pieces come apart -RRB- & the watch battery was dead when we received it . I have n't bothered to have the battery changed b/c it is always broken , so my son ca n't wear it . It was an absolute waste of money . I DO NOT RECOMMEND IT AT ALL !!
 The last month I buy this item but when I open the box this is empty . I write to Macy 's and Amazon costumer service but I do n't receive the answer to my claim but thos value was charged to my credit card .
 I have owned this Nike Blade watch model WC0037 for 7 months . It is a very neat watch . Unfortunately it broke and I do n't know how . One evening I remove it from my wrist and notice the black bubber wrist band had separated from the body at the rear battery cover . The entire rubber/plastic hinge had cracked . This wrist band is not replaceable . I wore this watch daily to my office job . A sports watch should be made rugged . This one is not . Lesson learned is to buy a watch which has a standard replacable wrist band .
 ... If you want a watch that looks CHEAP , this is it ! ... and it 's so small for being a man size watch
 It 's very poor watch . It has a horrible red button -LRB- and they do n't show it in the picture -RRB- . It looks nicer in the website .
 I wanted to replace the watch band provided with one more suitable for scuba diving , but taking off the rubber watch band that came with the watch exposed sharp metal edges -- sharp enough to cut a finger . Do n't assume that the rubber watch band will necessarily protect you from cuts and scratches .
 The watch is really heavy . I have been wearing for 6 months . Scratches built up on the steel although not on the glass . It becomes 5 min faster after wearing for first 3 months . Bad watch ! Watch out !
 unfortunately I had to say I received a watch with a manufacture malfunction . The pin -LRB- button -RRB- on the side was broken , impossible to set the time -LRB- hour -RRB- . Apparently is not the first time that happens , so make your own conclusions about this brand . With this issue the seller -LRB- Amazon -RRB- applied their return & refund policy which works smooth and easy . / just keep in mind that if you purchase any product from abroad as I did you can lose the custom tax rate -LRB- of your own country -RRB- .
 I bought this watch for my girlfriend for Christmas last year . She loved it until we went snorkeling in Key Largo last month and it leaked . Notice I said Snorkeling , not diving . I am going to send the watch back and see how that goes . I 'll let y' all know . I wo n't be buying any more Freestyle products .
 I got the watch this afternoon , and it 's not in good shape . The pins on the bands do n't seem to be put in correctly , and I 'm not going to try and fix it out of fear of breaking something . Also , the bezel seems weakly attached and has a sort of metal-on-metal grind when you spin it . But the worst thing of all is the movement . The second hand is so far off from the lines , it 's ridiculous . On some ticks it 's almost exactly half way between lines , and on other ticks it 's almost in line . Causing this , and incredibly visibly , is the uneven length of movement of the second hand . Sometimes it moves a little bit , sometimes it moves a lot with each tick . I had the package open for minutes , and I 've already packed it all back up and requested a refund . I 'll buy a watch from a store where I can see what I 'm buying first unless the seller does something incredible . Before purchasing , I went to Sport Chalet and saw this exact watch in person and it felt much sturdier . The bezel did n't grind and the second hand was precise . I am beginning to think this is a knock-off . The seller did the right thing and refunded my purchase and apologized . Good business ethics .
 I ordered this watch for my husband ; he has very specific tastes but I was simply trying to replace a 10 year old Freestyle watch that no longer worked . I was disappointed upon arrival to see that the band was disconnected from the watch face . I attempted to reconnect it , and was able to snap the little pins back into place . But with a gentle tug they came right out again.It was n't a hard decision to ask for a refund instead of a replacement , because the band also just looked cheap . -LRB- I ordered the Freestyle Immersion instead . -RRB-
 Ok I am a enthusiast SCUBA Diver and when I buy products I but quality merchandise that I review and that has a track record as reliable and reputable . With that this Freestyle Men 's FS75211 Precision Polyurethane Watch is the worst Under Water rated watch I have ever owned . To begin with I purchased it in January this year , its pretty annoying to operate , the screw down crown unscrews easily and its hard to sync the Digital Watch with the Analog Watch and the Digital Display is extremley small . The Strap/Band is very uncomfortable and rigid -LRB- not a good attribute underwater -RRB- , the advertised chronograph alarm can not be heard at all . Those are just regarding the features of the watch . On Feb 21st , 2011 I was Scuba Diving at St. Thomas , USVI as part of a tour from a Cruise Ship . Very 1st Dive at a depth of 50ft I noticed I couldnt see the Digital Display so I looked at the Analog and my Second Sweep Hand was not moving . I checked the screw down crown and it was tight . This watch is advertised to be water proof to 200 Meters -LRB- 660 ft -RRB- and at 50 ft. It stopped working . So back on the cruise ship I took the watch off rinsed it with fresh water and put it up to dry on the nightstand . After coming back from dinner that night the glass face encased in the Stainless Steel body had poped out and you could see the water/condensation inside the watch . I will be returning it to Freestyle for a replacement or refund along with my disappointment , my other Freestyle Watches have preformed flawlessly over the years to depths of 100ft .
 I am currently sending this watch back to Freestyle . I 'm hoping that it is covered under the warranty . This is supposed to be a dive watch for up to 200 meters . Well ... . it did n't last one `` dive '' in our swimming pool . It now has condensation in it that comes and goes , but is very disappointing !
 The strap of this watch absolutely sucks . It is quite hard , and not very comfortable . After wearing for only a month the holder for the strap broke . The watch also has a slightly cheap look to it .
 I bought this watch for my lady friend for Valentine 's Day last year and have had to have it looked at by a jeweler thinking it needed a new battery ; not so . The jeweler informed me that the watch was defective and that the battery was fine . Well by this time all hopes of returning it seemed to have been lost . Oh well , live and learn but do n't buy this one !
 I ordered a Chefmaster 8 pc BBQ set in case from Amazon.com vendor -LRB- Dashlynn.com -RRB- . I knew what I wanted to give my father for Christmas and after searching the internet I found many different vendors offering the BBQ set I wanted . Once I found it on Amazon.com , I decided to order it because I have had such great service from your company . Everything is as promised and on time and with this being a Christmas gift ... I needed it on time . So , I place my order on Dec. 11th and the item was listed as `` in stock '' and my estimate delivery was Dec 18-24 . I knew this would be close , but with the product in stock , would be no problem . After a week of not hearing anything about my order shipping , I tried to call Dashlynn three times only to be told they would research it and call me back later -- and never calling back ! I also sent two email notes to customer service . Finally , after three days of trying I got an email reply for Dashlynn.com stating that the item was out of stock and therefore I would not be getting it ! Now I am really in a bind . I have no time to order the item from another vender this close to Christmas . This has been a HUGE dissapointment ! I would have appreciated Dashlynn to notify me immediately after I placed my order of the order status and not a week and a half later , at my request ! Also , I wish Amazon.com would not have this type of company listed under your umbrella . I trusted them because I trust you and they obviously do not live up to your customer service standards . I would like this passed on to them as well . I am not stuck with a few days to try and find something else for a gift . GET RID OF DASHLYNN !!!
 I ca n't believe nike would slap their name on such an unreliable piece of crap . The watch worked great until about 4 months of ownership . The crappy rubber straps broke off from the display then the display became all distorted after one use in the rain on a run . It then proceeded to stop working completely . I 'll buy a different brand of watches as this is the third nike watch that this has happened to me with .
 the watch does a good job of telling the tide.MAIN COMPLAINT ... . the watch band fell apart after a month . this was not a fluke as every freestyle tide watch i have owned -LRB- about six or seven , 4 shark tide and two 3.0 tide watches -RRB- has had band problems . if a freestyle band lasts you a year count yourself lucky . once the band breaks the watch is finished . you can only get replacements from freestyle and they charge for everything and they are impossible to put on -LRB- or do n't fit -RRB- usually resulting in breaking the replacement as well . this happened to me when i took it to the watch repair man -- they could n't even do it.if freestyle ca n't figure out how to make a watch band at least they could make it somewhat generic and easy to replace . i kept buying these because the tide function actually worked better and was easier to use than every other tide watch i have tried -LRB- several -RRB- . but i have had it with freestyle . no more . my free tide booklet from the surfshop is more durable than the crappy watch bands .
 Hi all , I bought a watch on September 2010 for my son but brazelete is now broken with only wear or normal use the watch , It did not last even a month , I really like the watch and my son loved it at the moment , now he is sad because he can not use it anymore and I am so dissapointed.I will be glad to receive any warranty , another brazelete to repair or somethig , it was not suppoust to last less than 3 months . TOO BAD !! Regards , Freddy
 Received this item from seller within 7 days and posted review giving 5 * . Now want to take this back.Strap broke within 7 days . Advised seller and sent photographs of failed item . Seller then took 4-6 weeks to send a replacement . Although I made contact with them every couple of weeks they continued to make excuses saying they were waiting on correct replacement strap , people off sick , but this ate of lot of time that I should have reported my A-Z Amazon Guarantee claim.When the replacement strap arrived it did not fit !! Foolishly , I gave seller another 8 days to fix . BIG MISTAKE . Should have filed claim right away.Now Amazon saying this is beyond the timescale.Do not buy anything from this company . It is run by people with a common age of 12 and probably stocked from their garage.Appalling back-up and customer service.Without naming names ... you know who you are Mike .
 The watch did n't work out as we expected . It began to come apart after just 4 weeks of use but the customer service I received from SwingSomeWhere was OUTSTANDING ! I would definitely do business with this company again . I rated this a 1 because of the quality of the watch which is a reflection on Freestyle not SwingSomeWhere . They were wonderful to work with !
 bought this watch about a year ago , went swimming with it 5 days a week at the gym , worked great until the other day when i tried to use the features and the only button that worked was the light . i can tell time and look at the date , but that is all .
 I am now probobly on my 6 or 7th watch . . I like the watch itself but the band ALWAYS breaks and the watch itself has many issues with the buttons not working to reset the time ... leaking ... band breaks within a 3 month period!So far all have leaked and I take the backs off to dry out ... . then the buttons stop working ... then the band breaks!I even sent one back for leaking and they sent back the watch saying it was fine . .16.00 down the pike cuz it leaked just washing my truck a month later . . and then the band broke ! ... oh and the lighting stopped working too!I am not going to buy another unless they come up with at least another type of band as i can deal with the other delayed issues but when the band breaks your done !! . . Sucks for them ! ... and me ! ... Great business model HUH ???
 Love these watches , but after breaking a second band I may just have to give up on Freestyle . Its about impossible to find a replacement band . They could make a killing if they just offered these at retail stores because they tend to break pretty easily . The strap is unique to the watch so you will not find another like it anywhere else . No `` one size fits most '' here . My first mako had a metal band that broke , could n't find a replacement so I bought a plastic band . Now it has broken after about 2 years of minimal use . Show me where to find a quick easy and cheap replacement and I will give this thing 4 stars !
 I 've owned 4 or 5 of these and I think they are now making the band out of cheaper stuff because the last two broke within two months of purchase . Do n't buy it !
 I purchased this watch in November 2011 and in March 2012 the watch band broke . I called customer service and they informed me that the watch band was not covered under warranty . Then they told me that I could purchase a new band for $ 15.00 ! I only paid $ 29.00 for the watch ! The same exact watch band can be purchased from a third-party company for $ 11.00 . Customer service and quality are very poor in my opinion .
 The order was never delivered and I was forced to cancel the order ...
 I ordered a Chefmaster 8 pc BBQ set in case from Amazon.com vendor -LRB- Dashlynn.com -RRB- . I knew what I wanted to give my father for Christmas and after searching the internet I found many different vendors offering the BBQ set I wanted . Once I found it on Amazon.com , I decided to order it because I have had such great service from your company . Everything is as promised and on time and with this being a Christmas gift ... I needed it on time . So , I place my order on Dec. 11th and the item was listed as `` in stock '' and my estimate delivery was Dec 18-24 . I knew this would be close , but with the product in stock , would be no problem . After a week of not hearing anything about my order shipping , I tried to call Dashlynn three times only to be told they would research it and call me back later -- and never calling back ! I also sent two email notes to customer service . Finally , after three days of trying I got an email reply for Dashlynn.com stating that the item was out of stock and therefore I would not be getting it ! Now I am really in a bind . I have no time to order the item from another vender this close to Christmas . This has been a HUGE dissapointment ! I would have appreciated Dashlynn to notify me immediately after I placed my order of the order status and not a week and a half later , at my request ! Also , I wish Amazon.com would not have this type of company listed under your umbrella . I trusted them because I trust you and they obviously do not live up to your customer service standards . I would like this passed on to them as well . I am not stuck with a few days to try and find something else for a gift . GET RID OF DASHLYNN !!!
 I ordered a Chefmaster 8 pc BBQ set in case from Amazon.com vendor -LRB- Dashlynn.com -RRB- . I knew what I wanted to give my father for Christmas and after searching the internet I found many different vendors offering the BBQ set I wanted . Once I found it on Amazon.com , I decided to order it because I have had such great service from your company . Everything is as promised and on time and with this being a Christmas gift ... I needed it on time . So , I place my order on Dec. 11th and the item was listed as `` in stock '' and my estimate delivery was Dec 18-24 . I knew this would be close , but with the product in stock , would be no problem . After a week of not hearing anything about my order shipping , I tried to call Dashlynn three times only to be told they would research it and call me back later -- and never calling back ! I also sent two email notes to customer service . Finally , after three days of trying I got an email reply for Dashlynn.com stating that the item was out of stock and therefore I would not be getting it ! Now I am really in a bind . I have no time to order the item from another vender this close to Christmas . This has been a HUGE dissapointment ! I would have appreciated Dashlynn to notify me immediately after I placed my order of the order status and not a week and a half later , at my request ! Also , I wish Amazon.com would not have this type of company listed under your umbrella . I trusted them because I trust you and they obviously do not live up to your customer service standards . I would like this passed on to them as well . I am not stuck with a few days to try and find something else for a gift . GET RID OF DASHLYNN !!!
 In fairness our house has anly two stud partition walls , but I bought this for its ability to accurately detect mains cable in walls ... I think it works on a combined photo-optic / acoustic principle . ie if it ca n't see the cable or hear the sound of a light switch that it 's just bumped into , it gets a little vague.Yes it detects electrical cables in walls but it can also throw up some very spurious readings . For instance , I appear to have a wall that is full of electrcity ... The mains indicator and beeper stay on for the whole of the wall scan.Maybe I 've just located the National Grid ... A friend of mine makes / repairs boat rudders and asked me if I could trace the metal element within his most recent repair job
 I purchased this product to install my new projector mount . After wasting much time I set my son to writing this review . I approve of his assessment whole heartedly!This product can not calibrate at all . A good example for how it works is , practically not at all . My theory is that a hamster could sniff out studs better than this `` so called '' product.Don ' t bother !
 I loved the concept of this watch but the magnifying cover fell apart from the watch . Not designed for heavy usage .
 it has a heavy chain , a hook that can not hook securely , and sharp edge that connect the watch and the chain can hurt .
 I ordered this watch because it was shown that it was a `` NEW '' watch . It was n't . It was obviously a very used watch with an original Valjoux 7750 movement in it which is a 17 jewel and not a newer 25 jewel version . The rotor was not the decorated one but a plain one . The case and dial are the same and this is a gorgeous watch but you could tell the bracelet had been sized and the identifying marks on the back of the watch had been very wore off . I was disappointed it was n't new . I will still be in search of a new one since this model is no longer in production . It took about a month to receive a refund .
 I paid $ 500 for this watch and the bezel broke within 6 months . it feels pretty cheap although the movement looks cool through the back . I would n't recommend this watch . Also the hands never lined up right ... terrible purchase on my part .
 I bought this product for Christmas and had a lot of expectations . I have to say that it does look well . However on the second date it just stopped working . I wind it several times and it started again . However few hours later it stopped again . And I was wearing it all the time . The same happens in 3-4 consecutive days . Finally I have decided to return this item . I was very , very disappointed !!!
 Watch stopped working after two days . We replaced the battery . It worked for an hour or two then stopped . We would love to return it .
 This watch was a great price but it arrived with no setup instructions . I have found it very difficult to set because freestyle does not have instructions on set up either.I guess I must return it because a watch that doesnt show correct time is really no deal .
 Be careful if you decide to purchase this watch in that it is extremely difficult , if not impossible , to read the numbers on the face of this watch . It 's true even if you press and hold in the light button . I have had more expensive Freestyles before and they worked just fine . I called Freestyle directly today when I received this new watch and could not read the dials -LRB- 800.874.0907 # 2 -RRB- . I was told that `` yes , some of the Predator models were a little difficult to read '' . They were professional about it & admitted that there had been some other complaints with this lower end watch . I then asked
 I purchased this for my 12 year old who is a runner . I was hoping he would be able to use it to clock his running times , and use it for general purposes , too . However , the digital readout is really hard to see , its dim . And if you turn the watch to a certain angle , its impossible to see the time . There is a light that illuminates the face , but it stays on for approx one second . I do n't think we 'll be keeping the watch . The video clip on the listing shows a fairly accurate picture of the watch and its display . I should have paid more attention before ordering .
 The concept of the design is nice , but the hands are very hard to see under the word Quidditch ! Not a watch you can quickly glance at to see what time it is . I 'm not impressed . The word ` Quidditch ' should have been on the faceplate of the watch itself , under the hands , and not on the glass covering ; or the hands should be well defined and easier to see .
 Love the way this watch looks . Day two of owning this watch
 I purchased this watch for my husband as a Christmas present . Since I had a bad experience with solar watches years ago -LRB- not Citizen -RRB- I decided to try it and make sure it works before I gave it to him . First thing I noticed once I opened it was , usually , all brand new watches have a very thin peace of cellophane on their screen but this one did n't have one . But it was a masculine and stylish watch.Our apartment does n't have direct sunlight but it 's quite bright ! I put the watch in front of window for almost 4 hours and nothing happened ! It did not get re-charged and therefore , I returned it .
 I returned this watch the day after I received it . I prefer a larger `` clunky '' watch -LRB- they look more masculine -RRB- . This is a somewhat diminutive dainty watch . If you have big hands or arms , then this is n't the watch for you . Also , the band totally pulls on the hair of your wrist so it is very uncomfortable to wear . To summarize , if you have small , hairless wrists , then this is the watch for you . The functionality of the watch seems great otherwise .
 watch quit working after a week and have n't been able to get it right yet
 So , you would think when you spend this kind of money on an item you would be getting some high quality merchandise ... ummm - not so much ! i bought this for my husband for christmas and the very first time he wore it ... it Broke !!! we have returned it and will not buy citizen again .
 After I purchased this product I found the same one on the merchants website with a better offer . I contacted the merchant who told me to send the watch back at my own expense , pay a restocking fee and I could receive their offer . Not exactly a good taste in my mouth from that reply ... Once the watch arrived I must admit I was disappointed in it as well . It was not as substantial as I hoped , especially for a man 's watch . There was nothing wrong with it , but I did not feel that it was as nice as similarly priced watches by other manufacturers . Personal taste I guess.In the end I returned the watch and was charged a restocking fee . I would never use this merchant again .
 The watch is beautiful , and I found it to be accurate . There are many negatives that I personally have
 Perigaum Limited Edition World Timer P0501STSShipping from JS Jewelers was faster than advised.The Quality of the watch
 I was excited when I discovered these watches , until I noticed the base ten digits printed on the face to help wannabes read binary . What 's the point of wearing a binary watch if you ca n't read binary ? And One deos n't have a single model without the idiot numbers on the face . Seriously , One , if you want to market a cool watch to programmers and ditigal electronic engineers , you MUST remove the idiot numbers . At least give us one model without the binary trainign wheels .
 My wife loves watches , and my wife loves yellow , so I thought I could n't miss with this birthday gift . I was right -- sort of . It is indeed a beautiful timepiece , and she loved it . In fact , she loved it so much , that she did n't want to send it back when we realized it was n't running . She decided to have the battery changed -LRB- at our expense , of course -RRB- to see if that was the only problem . It worked ! Or so we thought . A few days later she began to realize that it was losing time . I do n't mean like a second or two each day , but more like several minutes . Within a week it was 15 to 20 minutes off . I know we should have sent it back to Amazon when it was new , and they would probably have made it right , but she did n't want to part with it . I e-mailed both Amazon and Invicta , but got no response from either . We have not tried sending it back to Invicta , but we should if it is still in warranty . If you decide to gamble on this watch and it does n't run right when you receive it , SEND IT BACK IMMEDIATELY .
 Pro . The watch looks as beautiful in person as the pictures , even more!Cons . Bezel top mark does not fall directly under the 12 o'clock mark , the seconds hand does not tick properly in top of each second marker , it does not tick evenly period on marker or off markers leaving me to wonder how accurate it would be , and this one royally tick me off seeing I bought the SS bracelet instead of the cheaper rubber one it 's so small I ca n't fit my hand trough it.I 'm willing to give it a try if I can get some extra links -LRB- gratuitous -RRB- from the manufacturer other wise I 'm sending it back to Amazon and get something else , will contact them tomorrow and post again later.Update 6/3/11 so back it went and got myself the similar model made by Deep Blue `` what a difference '' the bezel works right , the minute hand works right and $ 65 cheaper.Do yourself a favor and check into the Deep Blue Models The movement is better , rated at 1000 meter and they are cheaper .
 Is this a joke ???? I did not closed this purchase since the vendor was showing an image of a different product than the one he really is selling . I had to cancel everything and go elsewhere to get my wrist dive computerIt is my first bad experience and hope it will never happen againJuan M
 This watch broke within two weeks of wearing it . The clips are flimsy and the best way to put it would be to say this watch was `` economically '' built .
 It is only `` OK '' . The watch part is fine but the snaps were so tight that one of them finally pulled out through the leather . I really like the idea and layout of this thing so I 'm going to try and fix it , but be warned that you 'd better make sure it snaps and UNsnaps easily before using it a lot .
 I LOVED this watch . I paid $ 99 for it . It looks great on my smaller wrist . Really a great looking sports watch . BUT , after one week , the second hand completely fell off and was dangling around in the face of the watch . Four days after that , the hour hand fell off . I am not hard on watches . I do n't work out much and I never took it in the water or hit it on anything . I thought it was probably just a fluke - a one-time defective watch . So , I ordered a second one , returning the first . It did the exact same thing after about 4 days . So disappointing ! Unfortunately , now I 'm afraid to order a 3rd watch or to even purchase any other Momentum brand watch ever again . I really loved this watch and have n't found another I like as well -LRB- as far as looks go -RRB- .
 I have had this watch about 2 years , but I had the same problem with the second hand falling off . The watch does n't work now because the second hand jams up the other hands .
 The first time I wore this watch in water -LRB- swimming in the Atlantic ocean -RRB- , the interior was all fogged up ; after about 3 months this went away . Then the crown -LRB- little stem where you change the time or date -RRB- fell off and I have no idea how to get it replaced . These are pieces of junk .
 I bought this watch in royal blue and in less than 60 days it stopped working . I took it for a battery change but that did not make it run.The jeweler said the battery was still good . Amazon would n't take it back since it was over 30 days . MY ADVICE - DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON MOMENTUM PRODUCTS . The site does n't accept zero stars .
 I tried and returned two of these , never kept the time past 1 day . Pityful example of time keeping .
 The watch is beautiful beyond belief but after 8 months the strap just broke , the watch fogged up for no reason ! The quality is horrid ! It 's pretty but that 's as far as it goes !
 superb the best i have ever seen and i have seen a lot of watches a true classic . dont beleive me just look at one and compare to the best of the rest
 I bought this watch as I liked the feature set . That said , I found it to be way too large for me -LRB- I 'm 6 foot tall , 170lbs so skinny -RRB- and on my wrist , just looked funny . I did end up with another Casio with the same feature set -LRB- Forester -RRB- that fit my wrist much better .
 As title says . There were kind of a `` water mark '' on the face of the watch , maybe a leak from the solar panel ? I did not exchange for another one because it is a cheap watch , no point paying shipping back and forth.Anyways the instructions were easy to understand , buttons on the side a little bit hard to push . Blue LED on red face looks bad , because of the dark face for the solar panel it is not easy to see . This watch is now sitting on my desk collecting dust , I am just waiting to see when the solar panel stop leaking and the watch fail .
 This item is much bigger in reality than the online picture lets on . It feels very heavy when you wear it . When I got it I had to have a jeweler resize it for me . I tried myself but it is more complicated than implied . I am not a happy camper at all . I have long been a fan on buying online but I guess you have to be careful when buying watches online . I never make online bad ratings but had to make an exception for this . Please , buyers beware .
 I ordered this watch because I love the color purple . When it arrived , it seemed darker than the picture shown . I had a hard time making out the black watch hands on the purple background . I also had to squint to see the markings that replace the numbers . I am shipping it back .
 I really loved the style and look of this watch at first , but then the hour markers started falling off ! I am NOT hard on my watches , so was disappointed that 4 of the hour markers were floating free inside the watch after less than 3 months of use ! Wo n't buy Invicta again !
 I purchased this watch as an aniversary gift for my husband . He loves Tommy Bahama name brand . The watch is nice , but came with the batery dead and the screws fell all of them . I can not even return it . I am very disapointed and I feel so ashamed that I could n't surprise him with something nice . He can not have it and is just standing there on the counter reminding me about how unserios is Amazon.com
 I purchased this watch for my husband as a Christmas gift . It arrived promptly and seemed very nice . My husband did not start to use the watch until a month ago . The leather strap broke off within a few days but the watch was still usable . About a week later the lid broke and is unrepairable . I contacted the company and their response was because it had been purchased almost 3 months ago they doubted they could do anything about . Actually the watch was used less than one month . Even if they doubt my word , it broke within 3 months of purchase . I am disappointed by the quality of the watch and the seller 's response .
 I bought this watch two days ago - it arrived yesterday . I had ordered it kind of for the temp sensor . Everything I read said it was highly accurate . When I tried it out , the sensor registered my house -LRB- its actually 71 degrees -RRB- as being 84 degrees . Outside registered as 82 degrees when in fact it was a balmy 69 degrees . So does highly accurate mean 13 degrees off?When I looked at the manual I discovered the problem . Evidently , I you are WEARING the watch it wo n't work . You have to TAKE IT OFF . Whats the point of having a watch that tells the temp when you have to keep on taking it off ? Are n't you supposed to WEAR a watch ?! You would thing Timex would say SOMETHING about this on the description from their website . But no they do n't . You have to dig through page after page of manual . Also , WatchZone 's policy of returns would cost me 15 dollars - a THIRD of what I payed ! Also , they have this policy that you ca n't send back a watch that you wore at all!The other features are crumby , like those from a cheap 20 dollar watch . It is hard to navigate and set the time . DO N'T BUY THIS !!!!!
 So disappointed . What a huge let down . Yes , it looks good , but that 's about it . I did n't know you had to take the watch off to get an acurate temperature reading . How bizzare . Timex only mentions that in the fine print ? When it 's on your wrist , the temperature is about 15-25 degrees above actual . Additionall , the Chrono does not store intervals -LRB- no memory -RRB- . So , while your out jogging , take a big chief tablet and a yellow # 2 with you so you can write down your mileage times . I 've always loved my Ironman 's , but this time I wanted to try something new . What a mistake . Should have stuck with the original . Big disappointment , even if it did n't cost that much .
 I bought this item for a gift.I do n't know if it 's usual these days that watches come as this one did . Being brand new , one would expect as minimum , that the exterior dial had a snug fit mechanism or tight stepping when rotating . Instead , some extra adjustment must be done to put it in any degree aligned to the internal dial . This , of course reveals a cheap construction and lack of craftsmanship quality . I decided to give it a go for not having a spare item to give.But that 's not all . As I mentioned , I purchased this as a gift . Took it on a trip abroad and gave it personally . To my disappointment , the person whom I gave it to , asked if there was any other small package containing small parts or any . He later explained that the bracelet did n't fit . That it comes fully extended out of the box and still did n't fit . Of course , he was asking for extra links for the bracelet.Usually , when you buy a watch , the bracelet is OVERSIZED right off the box , with plenty of links to fit any hand and flexibility to remove any of them , adjust the bracelet 's locking mechanism so you can set it centered under the wrist if necessary.Of course , I wish I could return this item for total refund . That is not possible for the item is in another Country and it would be a waste of time and money . Still , I 'm considering giving it a shot.Don ' t buy this product and steer clear from this brand . I mean , how is it possible that it does n't come with extra links for the bracelet ? The cheapest of them all do ! . I feel insulted and ashamed . I could go as far as to recommending never to buy watches online but I have done it before , no issues whatsoever . I do n't want to think that Amazon sold me a watch from which bracelet 's links were removed or some sort of a refurbished item labeled as new . Sadly , that 's exactly what it looks and feels like .
 The Indiglo watches are from a separate manufacturer that no longer carries parts for this model.I recently found this out when I called because the watch I had was ` supposed ' to be water proof up to 50 meters.I think they meant 50 centimeters cause I went in the pool and just dipped my arm and the damn watch began to beep.Needless to say it no longer works and Im outta luck.I will never buy another watch from this company.And btw their boots suck also .
 I purchased this watch with a black face . Visibility is a problem . The dials and hands tend to blend in with each other making telling time difficult . The watch is on the small side for a man 's watch so the date and subdials are tiny . Setting the alarm requires unscrewing the stem.The alarm may be useful as a reminder but is too soft to wake up an average sleeper .
 I found this product to be useful but not reliable enough to take on overseas trips away from the computer that loads it . Every six months or so it spontaneously reboots or `` hangs '' depite sending back to local agent . This can be quite annoying . This manufacturer has a very nice idea that I like and I look forward to a new model as I cant live without a wrist reminder but it should be more stable than this version .
 The watch is described as steel , but for some strange reason the hands and numerals are gold . It 's a very strange combination .
 The purchase was not satisfactory . I tried several times to contact wristking to return the item purchased and received . There was no reply . I will never purchase an item from wristking again . I will never purchase an item from Amazon - since they allowed the merchant on their website .
 i have no idea how this watch is . i payed for it on 12/19/06 today is 1/18/07 and i 've never seen the watch .
 Although it tells time well enough , and has features I want like luminous hands and date , I think this watch is overpriced and poorly designed . It has several annoying features , such as its thickness , almost 10mm . The hands are very skinny , and for some reason there is a triangle at 12 o'clock which I always mistake for the minute hand at first glance . The second hand is black which makes it hard to follow if you are timing something . I am looking for another watch , probably a Swiss Army or a Skagen , both at half the price or less .
 Great looking watch and comfortable to wear but filled with condensation the first time I wore it for a swim . Only Swiss Army can repair it and when I contacted them they said it would take 6-8 weeks ! Needs to be sent to Ohio . Fairly disappointing from a brand as reputable as Swiss Army .
 I was happy when I received the watch , as it looked pretty . Then I found it did not work at all , and at first I thought it was out of battery . Therefore , I went to a local watch repair store to change the battery and shorten the watchband , which cost me 20 bucks . It did work at that time . But after several days it stopped working again . If I pull out and push the button , it may start to work for several minutes , then stop . Now I am trying to contact the seller for returning it back . Hope I could get the refund.This is a terrible experience . I wish I bought a new one from an exclusive shop instead of one which does not give you guarantee . Such a waste of time and emotions !
 I have an old Swiss Army quartz chrono , called the Maverick . I love this watch and have always been impressed with how much quality it holds for such an inexpensive watch . The bracelet is heavy and solid , the crystal is saphire and nicely curved , and the face is brilliant white and crisp . Now on the this watch ... I was greatly disappointed as soon as I picked it up out of the box . The bracelet feels cheap and light , as does the bezel and case . The pushers for the chrono ... at first I thought it was broken because it would n't reset . Then I realized that you have to give the lower button an unusually HARD push for it to function , much harder than the top button and obviously not to spec for this watch . This leads me to believe that the quality control for this watch is poor . Doubt I 'll buy another Swiss Army . I 'll give this one to my nephew .
 The service IS VERY BAD , and I make my order on November 4 , 2007 , I took it as page by the watch and today is December 3 and still pending . It reached me my request and I do not have the answer because I had come
 I 'm not real happy with my experience . The watch looks pretty nice , and I had another momentum watch I liked very much . This one , unfortunately , had the bad habit of its crown unscrewing . I would crank it down as tight as my fingers could get it , and low and behold , a few days later I would notice it had come completely unscrewed again . I should have warrantied it at this point , but I did n't get around to and of course it eventually ended up in the shower with an open crown . The watch came with a big warning card instructing me to `` check the crown every time the watch gets wet '' , which makes me wonder if this might be a common problem . I do n't think I should have to check my waterproof watch every time it gets wet . The stupid thing should just be waterproof .
 1 . Watch was not shipped from the vendor shown on Amazon - therefore I now have no idea who I actually bought the watch from , and have nobody to complain to or get a refund from .2 . Ad for watch said `` water resistant to 30 meters . '' In actual English , those words absolutely mean that the watch should withstand submersion to approximately 100 feet -LRB- 30 meters -RRB- underwater , which is approximately 4 atmospheres of water pressure . NOT ! When I complained to Amazon that the watch fogged up and stopped working when it got LIGHTLY SPLASHED while doing dishes , my complaint was forwarded to an entyirely different watch vendor , who proceeded to tell me that `` water resistant to 30 meters '' does not actually mean what the definition of those words says it means ; and that if I wanted a watch that would withstand submersion in water to a depth of even ONE INCH I have to buy one that says it is water resistant to 6 million meters or some bull-cra * like that . Total hype-job . Words have actual meanings , and they are not subject to be changed by some commercial enterprise who wishes to mislead its customers . But that 's what happened.BOTTOM LINE
 It was empty the box I could ` nt see my watch.I like you help me with this item .
 This item just does n't work . Go to a store & try similar items . I paid $ 60 with free shipping . I 'm happier with a $ 5 sports watch from the store . The GPS might work in Iowa , but it will never give correct distance or speed . When I stop it picks up speed & stops 10 seconds later . You could guess better than this things works & thats if you get a signal . I not a mad customer just telling you that you 'll be mad at yourself for buying it .
 The picture from the site was the current model , I received the 2007 model . Stopped working after a few days . I checked the return policy for the store and once out of the box , they would not take the watch back . The Swiss Army warrenty was good , so I had to send my new/old watch in and they fixed it . Wo n't buy a watch from them ever again .
 I 've owned my Victorinox Swiss Army watch for about 2 months . It was a gift given to me brand new in the box . It is the first watch I 've owned since 1980 that will not keep time . I would n't have one of these and glad I did n't give any of my money for it . Loses 3-5 minutes a day . I will be buying a new -LRB- different brand -RRB- watch as I need a more accurate watch . This is outrageous given the cost of these watches !
 I purchased this watch about a year ago and have been disappointed with it since day 1 . When you are purchasing a watch worth over $ 600 you might expect that it is able to keep time accurately . Not so . Every morning when I put the watch on , it seemed to have gained a couple of minutes . I contacted Victorinox and they told me that they could recalibrate the watch for me . I sent the watch in for recalibration under warranty , eight weeks later I got the watch back . Now my watch runs SLOW about 2 min/day , so every morning I have to readjust my watch or I end up being late to work/meetings . I will never buy a Swiss Army/Victorinox or an automatic watch ever again.If you do buy the watch , buy it for looks not as a timepiece ...
 I was very excited to receive this watch . Once I set the time on it I kept feeling like it was running fast . I finally set it to the exact EST time and went back the next day to check . This watch was gaining approx . 10 seconds a day on the actual time . So every week it was gaining approximately 1 minute . After a month this watch was 4-5 minutes faster than true time . I was very disappointed , especially for such a nice and expensive time piece . I returned the watch and will keep looking for a beutiful watch that can also keep time .
 Ordered watch for my wife . Watch was not running . Probably dead battery . It also looked like it had been worn for some period of time before . Requested replacement online , but no paid shipping label -- have to ship and insure yourself even though defective . Used the Amazon contact/call feature but because of the price , no one wants to deal with this . I was told to send the watch back using the label generated by Amazon that did not include postage or insurance and then call back to get reimbursed for the postage . They were n't sure whether Amazon would reimburse the shipping insurance . Save yourself the hassle and pay an extra $ 100 from a watch company . All that said , I have a TAG Calibre S and absolutely love it . Great watch .
 The band of this watch failed in less than a week of lightweight use . I contacted Victorinox and was told that the band was not covered by the warranty . I expected higher quality of manufacture , and for the product to be fully backed up by the warranty .
 Mine was only one month old when I noticed a ring of fog on the inside of the watch face . Victorinox wants $ 10 for shipping and handling when sent in on warranty . I bought a Wenger instead , and am happy with it .
 I received my new Fossil watch just a few weeks ago . At first , I was pleased with the watch . The overall appearance is nice , its very dainty with a thin band . The green dial is a pale lime green , not too bright . Everything was going good until yesterday when I noticed the watch seemed to have stopped working -LRB- and this is only after 2 weeks of having it !! -RRB- . I reset the time and it started ticking again , so I thought it was just a fluke . Now it is working sometimes but is generally running slow -LRB- the time keeps falling farther behind -RRB- . If this is a battery problem already I am very disappointed that amazon would send out a new watch with an old battery . I expect to take this up with them , as obtaining a new battery is n't very easy because there is n't a fossil store nearby . In the manual it says to mail in the watch for a new battery , which costs $ 15 !! How inconvenient . I am not impressed .
 I ordered and received the watch in a decent amount of time . However , I had to return it because it did n't work at all and have yet to receive a refund . I find that very disappointing .
 The watch does not work at all . I am totally dissatisfied .
 This watch was damaged upon receipt . It was not boxed properly and had been rattling around in the box when I received it . The band was dull and an odd , cheap looking color . Not worth the money in my opinion . Very disappointed .
 hiwhen i bought this watch i thout it is orginal , but the surprice happens when i open it and i found that it is made chaina , is it replica watch or origonal?please advice ... thanksanwar
 Was n't what I expected . I had purchased this to replace my usable , yet wearing down Timex Ironman . It does n't have half the functionality of my Ironman , and costs about 20-30 dollars more . Unless you like fancy watches , or only use a watch to tell time -LRB- Yeah , I know how it sounds . -RRB- , I suggest getting something else . I use my watch for a lot more than just the time , so that 's mostly why I gave this a bad review . Returned and am still using my Timex Ironman .
 I gave this as a Christmas gift . The owner called to tell me that the watch was not working . She also said the instructions that were sent with the watch did not match the one she actually had . She had to bring it to a repair shop and pay to have the repairman take the watch apart to put new batteries inside . Because of the way the watch is built , she has to always pay extra to have someone take it apart to replace the batteries . Some gift ... I was so disgusted with this process . I will not order any more watches from Amazon .
 we bought this watch as a gift for my wife for her birthday the day we reciver it we opened it and it did not work i contacted amazon and sent it back 5 days latter we recived a seconed one that also was broken and did not work we where told they where out of stock and one would be shipped shortly a week latter i recived an e mail saying i would be credited for the watch because they could not replace it i am very disapointed because this was a watch that we relly wanted to own but none of the watches you sent worked so i had to send them all back to you and now i am left looking for this watch else whare
 WATCH WAS A CHRISTMAS PRESENT . IT WAS DEFECTIVE AND I AM STILL WAITING FOR A REPLACEMENT . WILL NOT ORDER FROM THIS VENDOR AGAIN .
 Mickey was detached from the face . Returned immediately ... so far -LRB- almost two weeks -RRB- no credit received .
 I ordered this watch without reading the reviews . Upon arrival , I had the same experience as the others ! Cute watch does not work and the instructions do n't pertain to this watch . When I complained to my husband , he found the reviews and I 'm kicking myself for not reading them before ordering . I now live in Beijing where knock-off Disney watches can be had for a couple of bucks . I try to do the right thing by finding the genuine article at a good price on Amazon and now I get to pay for shipping the return back to the US ! At least the counterfeit watch would have ran for 6 months !
 I bought this watch for a christmas gift but when it arrived it did n't work . The instructions were no help as there appeared to be no information even relating to this particular watch . I 'm guessing the battery is dead . I am returning this watch for a refund . I wish I 'd seen the other review on this watch before I purchased - I probably would not have ordered it in the first place if I 'd read the other review . Shame because it 's a cute watch .
 I bought one of these for my daughter 's birthday . After it finally arrived , it did n't work . The instructions that came with it were useless , and for the most part , inapplicable to the watch . It did n't even say anything about replacing the battery -LRB- assuming that was the problem -RRB- . I emailed Amazon and they promptly sent another one . Same problem . DOA . Now I have to send this one back too , and my daughter still has n't gotten her gift . Do n't buy the watch .
 Like I said in my other review for girl G-shocks , they all seem to suck . Plastic pieces eventually age and brake off . Never had them last when I get them for my daughters . The one 's made for guys are super tough , and I 've never had one brake on me . The ones made for girls are really crappy .
 I received a new Swiss Army Watch for my birthday ... It was inoperative , out of the box ... Since the watch had a three year warranty , I called WENGER and asked about the protocols for having it repaired or replaced ... I was asked to return the watch , at my own expense by the way ... and when I express annoyance at having to do this , Melissa Ambrose at their customer service site -LRB- not a free call , by the way -RRB- agreed to send me a shipping label which I received a few days later , applied it to the package and returned the watch via UPS ... after a few weeks , not having heard anything from Wenger , I called Ms. Ambrose , who had no record of having received the watch and asked for tracking numbers ... which I supplied to her and gave her the name of the person at WENGER , who `` signed '' for the watch when it was delivered to Wenger . She said that she would look into `` this '' and call me later ... Ugh ! ... Not a good start ... Maybe I 'll receive the watch or a refurbished -LRB- ! -RRB- watch by Christmas ... I am not very enthusiastic about purchasing Wenger Products , having had to jump through hoops to receive a working product !
 I have not had this watch long less than maybe four months but I am already on watch band number two ... It looks great in the box but does n't seem to want to be worn ... Being on the go I need to keep track of time and this watch is not suppose to be a pocket watch ...
 This products did not work , and it was several months start to finish before I could get resolution to the problem . Think twice .
 I purchased this watch 6 months ago . All of a sudden , one day I noticed a crack right in the middle of the crystal ! I have never dropped it or hit it anywhere nor was there ever an aggressive wear/tear situation . I have an office job and at home I have never banged it anywhere ! Now that crack has spread and formed new cracks long its track too . It is no longer under warrently and when I contacted Skagen , they say I have to mail it via insured mail , pay $ 8 for a technician to look at it and if problem with crystal , pay another $ 30 to replace it ! What junky quality is that ! And the watch itself was no cheap either ! I got better mileage with my previous $ 20 Timex watch !!
 The watch looked ok but the battery was dead , and we could not get the back of the watch off . To top it off , when I returned the watch , I was charged a re-stocking fee when the return was n't my fault to begin with ... not good !
 A beautiful watch for sure , but very , very large and very , very heavy . For my wrist , it was a nonstarter .
 Extremely disappointed with the shoddy packaging of this expensive watch ; there were three plastic &#34; pillows &#34; to protect the watch in transit -- two of which were deflated . The watch had clearly been battered around in shipping . Also , the plastic protector on the crystal watch face had been removed and re-applied . The inside of the Victorinox factory watch box was stained with what appeared to be blue ink , or perhaps dye rubbed off from the watch band . The metal side of the watch was smudged.After reading reviews from other purchasers , I do believe I received a used and re-packaged watch . This transaction is a very poor business choice by someone at Amazon . Other reviews indicate I am not the first victim.On a positive note
 First off , this is a beautiful watch manufactured by a reputable company . In fact , I own the blue dial version of this watch and so I am well versed on how it works and how it should work . It is in this light that I write this review.There are two problems with this watch . First , it was shipped unsecured in a box that allowed the watch to bounce back and forth during shipping . Kind of reckless for so nice a watch . And though not obviously damaged , it might have caused issue # 2 . It keeps what I consider poor time . It runs fast 30 seconds a day . This is not a chronometer and so I understand not to expect chronometer accuracy . However , the blue faced version that I have had for 2 years keeps + or - 1 second a day after 2 years - and without ever needing service . This watch was 30 seconds fast out of the box and after running consistently for the past week , it maintains that speed . Therefore , I paid $ 800 for a watch that keeps worse time than a $ 50 Seiko Automatic . That is my main issue . However , I also need to warn potential buyers of the pitfalls of buying through Amazon.I twice contacted Amazon and informed them of my desire to keep the watch but get it timed . They ignored both emails . I then sent them a request to return the watch . They sent me the necessary mailing information but implied that there could be issues that would prevent them from honoring their refund policy and that it was not guaranteed . This gave me pause , though it was right out of the box and onto a watch winder - which they knew.And so , I thought I might use the warranty company . However , I was responsible for shipping and the repairs could last up to 8 weeks.This seems like a bad deal all around . I will have to have FedEx package and ship this with verification of it 's condition , and then hope Amazon honors their return policy . After this , some poor schmuck -LRB- of which I might include myself -RRB- will get a used watch in hopes that his demands of accuracy are not as stringent as mine.Sometimes a deal is not worth it 's face value . That is certainly the case here.Buy this watch and you might get something less than what you thought you 'd get . Heck , you might get my watch !
 I bought this watch for $ 1,100 a year ago ... I though It was a great piece till I bought a satellite watch and realized that gains ELEVEN minutes every 30 days ... I bought another one same brand two years ago and that one is about the same ... five minutes ahead in the same 30 days ... That one I spent $ 600 ... NEVER AGAIN VICTORINOX
 compre uno de estos relojes y no funciona adecuadamente , la perilla de ajustar la hora no funciona , hubo que llevar el reloj a reparar . no lo devolvi porque sale muy costoso desde mi pais . la caja tambien estaba rota .
 This watch just arrived dead on arrival . I tried to call Justcalculators but no one answers the phone . Obviously the watch is an older model that has been sitting on a shelf and the battery died . Be that as it may , I ordered a new working watch , not a malfunctioning watch ! I am hoping that I get the support of Amazon to rectiify this not good situation .
 This is a very nice looking watch . My husband bought it for me for Christmas , and I like it , but the time is VERY hard to read . The background is pink and the time is silver , which does n't make for much contrast . I do n't know how they got the time to show up in the pictures , it is not dark enough . I am debating on whether or not to return it due to the difficulty in making out the time and date .
 I had read great reviews of the Casio watches and expected to get a great looking watch . This review is based on the esthetics 's of the watch and not it 's functions ... You can not see the face of the watch , only by looking at it in certain angles . Although the watch may be very dressy , it lacks the ability to see the face of the watch . . PLEASE be aware of this before you buy it . There were no reviews for me to check out.Take notice that in the picture of the watch face the numbers look dim . THE reality of that is far worse . I am going to try to return it .
 The watch was not working , I took to a watch place to replace the battery , but the guy said the mechanism was not working , bad staff
 I was unhappy with this product . I bought it for my 6 yrs old daughter , and even on her wrist , it looks small . The watch looks cheap and it is too small in size .
 Crystal on the watch is way two thick making it hard to see unless you look directly down at it , so therefore , I sent it back for a refund .
 Cheap is right ! I could buy a better looking watch at a discount store.This watch is extremely cheap looking and I am not that picky . My old scracthed up watch looks better than this one . The band looks more gold than 2 tone and I was very disappointed since that is what I liked about the watch in the first place . What diamonds ? You would need to magnify them to see them . You want glimmer , buy sequins instead . Item # PCD4003TS
 I sent this watch back because it was much too big for my wrist - the clasp was wider than my wrist !
 Bought this watch for my girlfriend , she loved it initially which made me happybut after a couple of months the color started to change . Now the watch is barely recognizable as the one I bought , She still wears it which makes me feel a bit embarrassed nowadays . I thought that it was of a better quality .
 I ordered this watch as it was to be a surprise anniversary gift for my wife ; which turned out be a complete disaster.The watch is nothing as it is discribed on the site . its a cheap imitation with extremly poor finish . the dial has bubbles on it and the bracelet had an ugly scratchy finish . The overall look of the watch is extremly oridinary and cheap.It does not qualify for being a Pierre Cardin . I am stuck with a watch which I cant use
 The product has a cheap looking , only the bracelet looks good . Not recomended , I 'm realy disapointed .
 when I saw the watch on the website it looks like a fancy watch but in fact it is just a watch that you can have it from anystore . I do not recommend it .
 This watch is huge
 I purchased this watch for my father for Christmas . It started losing time within the first week . He is able to reset it , but then soon after will soon lose time again . We have exchanged it , hoping this next watch will work out better ! We shall see , the other reviews are making me feel that we may be returning it all together . Hopefully we get lucky with this new one !
 I am only giving this one star because there is not an option for zero -LRB- OR NEGATIVE -RRB- stars !! I saw this watch in a dept. store and my husband liked the look of it , so I purchased it for him on Amazon.com for his birthday -LRB- it was offered on Amazon as a set with a small pocket knife for the same price as just the watch in the store -RRB- . Immediately upon opening the box , the watch DID NOT RUN . I assumed it was just a dead battery and took the watch to a local jeweler , who informed me that if they opened the case , it would void my warranty , so I called the NY 1-800 # for Wenger which only added to my frustration . First , I was informed -LRB- in broken English -RRB- that I would be responsible for the shipping charges -LRB- both ways ! -RRB- and , only after I asked to speak to a supervisor , was `` credited '' return shipping only , I STILL had to pay to ship my BRAND NEW WATCH for repair ! Second , I shipped the watch on July 12 from NC to NY and was told on July 26 that they had `` just received the watch yesterday '' -LRB- two weeks in transit , REALLY ? -RRB- and that it would be THREE TO SIX WEEKS to repair the watch !!! You have GOT to be kidding me ! It literally takes 5 minutes - if that - to change a battery and I have to wait UP TO SIX WEEKS ??? O M G , am I not happy with this company . I would just return it , but by the time I get it back , it will be too late , so now I 'm stuck with it . -LRB- Happy Birthday , Honey ! I know your birthday was in June , but maybe you 'll get to wear your gift by Thanksgiving !! -RRB- Nice . Really.BTW ... I do n't feel this is AMAZON 's fault , as I have had many very positive buying experiences with them and I LOVE free super saver shipping , so buy from Amazon , just buy a different watch ! WENGER SUX !! Sorry for the language , but if the shoe fits ...
 I purchased this watch at a discount store and right out of its box it did not run . I took it to awatch repair company and they determined the battery was good but said the `` second hand had beeninstalled too tightly '' . They got the watch to run , but said if it stops within the next few daysreturn it . It did stop running and was returned to the store for full credit .
 Measurement of watch sizes is not exactly rocket science . I chose this watch based on the published size and it is way to big . I wo n't order any watches on line unless there is a better way to determine the size .
 My Wenger Watch stopped running after 1.5 years of use . . that is it that is all . . Do n't but a brand . . Amazon needs 20 words . . Here are a few more . . The watch stopped running .
 Received this as a gift , like the styling , feels well made , but have had continual problems with it not keeping time .
 Bought the watch at a local Big 5 sports equipment store for $ 69.95 . Seemed like a good deal on a sharp looking watch . I was `` upgrading '' from a $ 30 Timex Expedition watch . I am very tough on casual use watches ; have a tendency to beat them up or lose them . So , did n't want to spend a lot of money for an everyday-use watch . I really liked the looks and size of this watch.Bought the watch last Tuesday -LRB- 5/1/12 -RRB- and by Saturday the 5th I looked to check the time and the watch had stopped . Bummer . I pulled the stem in and out and it started working again but the second hand dial was a bit hesitant . It quit working again a few hours later . Took it back to Big 5 for a refund exactly a week after I had purchased it . No problem getting the refund.Honestly , after buying it and then going home and reading the Amazon reviews , I was nervous about keeping it . Nearly a third of the reviewers had bad luck with their watches . Ca n't understand why a watch with a list price of over $ 100 ca n't have a decent set of working guts . Now I 'm back trying to find a good , reasonably priced sports watch . Any ideas ?
 I returned the watch on after 5 days . It stopped 3 times in 5 days . Once while I was wearing it and twice overnight .
 i really thought i got a classy watch i dont wear it to work and 21/2 years later the touch sytem no longer works . . dont even consider repairing it . . sorry to say it but my 35 dollar casio works a whole lot better
 Almost two years to the day after getting this watch as Father 's Day gift , the minute hand stopped at `` 2 '' and would n't budge . Now the dealer says I have to pay $ 200 for repairs . This was going to be a watch to pass down to my son . Never again , Tissot .
 Overpriced junk . Thermo does n't work . Altimeter does n't work . NOT WATERPROOF !!! It had water inside after 1 week . Tissot service is poor . DO NOT BUY THROUGH AMAZON , WARRANTY IS NOT VALID . I got ripped off by Amazon and Tissot . !! You have been warned !!!
 i would have given it a zero if it was possible , what a waste of money , it has been back to tissot 4 times in 12 months.I am really really really dissapointed with this watch , it is a piece of worthless rubbish , I wish I didnt buy it.thanks for nothing people at tissot . I feel really strongly about this ... this watch is a lemon .
 I received by watch about 3 years ago . Paid about 500 for it . I was very pleased with it and the funcitionality until I sent it in for service . The thermometer was stuck at 99 degrees and as such figured it was time for service . I sent it to the location listed on their website and got the estimate back . Wow , what a shock . It was between $ 200 and $ 300 for service . Given that the watch was about 500 I find the service amount to be ridiculous . I have a Tag , Sector and various other high end watches . Never have I had to pay that much for service and the Tag is a $ 2,000 dollar watch !!! Needless to say I will not be having the watch serviced nor will I be buying a Tissot again .
 I bought this model and six months later the touch fuctions are not operating anymore . This is my second tissot that presented malfunctions . Attention *** tissot *** is this ... ''
 I paid $ 700 for my Tissot T-touch titanium with which came a two year warranty . After 16 months it stopped working -- the minute hand ran at a rate of one time around in about ten seconds ... . I shipped it to their warranty center and they e-mailed an estimate to me for $ 400 to fix my $ 700 watch that failed and was returned well within the warranty period . I phoned them and was told in the first conversation with a very pleasand service lady that she did not know why and she 'd have to call me back . A week later I phoned again and a man told me that they would not fix the watch as I has not purchased it from one of `` their retailers '' . He confimed it was their product but still they would not back it . He then offered `` as a courtesy '' to do the repairs for $ 200 . What a rip-off ! Do n't buy this watch ! It blew up in 16 months and then they will not fix it !!
 Bought it on 3 Oct 2006 , through a authorized dealer in Singapore .1 . broke down after a few weeks , repaired by Swatch Group Singapore .2 . broke down after a few weeks , repaired .3 . broke down after a few weeks , replacement watch .4 . broke down after a few weeks , repaired .5 . broke down after a few weeks , I do n't want the watch to be `` repaired '' anymore , I want a refund .
 this watch looks like a million bucks but the chronometer function reset itself at the 45 position after a few weeks , which is disappointing . it 's not rigid . i 've had to have the band fixed three times as the pins have fallen out . for the price , it 's definitely not worth it . looks-wise , it 's worth $ 150 . but the mechanics are timex quality . invicta is hit or miss . pray you get a good one and do n't spend over a hundred bucks .
 The temperature is always wrong , because it is too close to your skin . Unless it 's 98.6 degrees outside . The altimeter is always wrong . After a few months the touch screen malfunctioned and you could n't toggle the selections . I went to send it in to Tissot and there was no warranty card in the box , which makes it look like I did n't buy it from a reputable dealer.Although in the first few months I had tons of compliments on the watch , overall I would say it is junk . My GPS has the same features , and displays them with accuracy . Do not waste your money on this .
 DO N'T WEAR THIS NEAR THE WATERI wore this watch while sailing in a lake . The slightest knock and the watch band fell off and my $ 550 watch is now at the bottom of the lake . Tissot says too bad . Sorry.While the rubber strap that comes with the watch may give you the impression that it is durable and strong , do not believe it ! Or at least be aware that the strap comes off way too easily and you may lose the watch in the lake or ocean and Tissot will offer you no recourse or relief.The watch functions themselves are amazing . The temperature sensor is too near your skin to give an accurate reading of outside ambient temperature unless you take the watch off . In addition , the altimeter and the barometric pressure functions were always off . However the stopwatch and compass worked very well until the watch fell off my wrist and into the lake.What can I say ... I wish they warned me not to wear it in water !
 I e-mailed you when I received the item there was no warranty with the product which makes me think you are an unauthorized vendor . I was very disapointed you did not respond to my email . Apparently you do not want repeat bussiness on your site . I belong to 2 very large computer clubs here in Florida and will make my feelings known when all the snowbirds are back down here in December .
 I was fairly excited when I first saw this watch . Upon trying it on at the local jewelry store , I was not that impressed . The problem with this watch is that it fails to incorporate the beauty of the classic Movado timepieces . In addition to being great watches , Movados tend to have a signature look . When people look at your watch , they know it is a Movado . Not so here . Your money would be better spent on one of the more classic Movados.I believe this is a watch that looks better in photos than it does on the wrist . Be sure to try it on before ordering .
 I had a weird experience with this particular watch !! I bought this watch a week ago -LRB- metal band -RRB- . AND I did return it ! I am sorry to write this review BUT I believe I have to do it because it is a part the secretariat of the profession !!!! To be straight forward , this watch is n't real GENUINE Tissot TXL . It is a REPLICA watch unfortunately and I was shocked when I realized that !! To verify that , the item number of this model -LRB- T60151733 TXL -RRB- does not exist in Tissot book and you can check it out by visiting Tissot official website :[ ... -RSB- The REAL Item number is -LRB- T0617171103100 TXL -RRB- NOT the one wrote on this page !!! I was wondering if this fraud or misunderstanding or lack of knowledge !!!??? I really hope Amazon check this point out !!!! It was n't easy at all to find out this fact because it has been camouflage in such a good way and it took me a while to confirm this !!! I really loved the watch BUT I will not agree to pay this price to a REPLICA WATCH.Hope I was not harsh in words and expression , BUT this is the fact and customers and Amazon as well should open their eyes clearly . I went through a tough time when I realized this sad frustrating truth.Sincerely
 I ordered the watch , but never received it . It was sent `` signed receipt '' . I was not aware of that contingency when I ordered it . I called FedEx when I received the first notice at the door that they had attempted to drop it off . I asked them to drop it off without a signature . They told me it was at the request of the seller . I told them that I paid for it and would assume the risk . There would be no one home all week at the time they stop by . My request was ignored ... they wasted there time by knocking on my door 2 more times , only to find no one home and sent the watch back . I emailed Amazon , which linked me to the undisclosed seller and was asked them to please ship it back no signature required . They told me to order it again . My problem , is that the signed receipt requirement was not disclosed clearly during the order process . If so , I would have had it shipped to my business address .
 A couple of months after buying this watch from Amazon.com one of the hands inside the dial fell off -LRB- maybe I dropped it -RRB- I took it into the local Cartier dealer to get fixed . . A couple of days later I got a call telling me that the technician had opened the watch and discovered that the screws were not `` original Cartier '' screws . I pressed them for more details but they would not provide anymore.I was charged $ 150.00 for the repairs . I did not tell them I bought it on Amazon.com out of sheer embarrassment . But obviously this raises a ton of red flags as to why this watch bought NEW on amazon.com would have non original cartier screws ? Is it a knock-off ? Is it used ? Was it bought new , ripped for parts , and then sent back by another customer ? I do n't know.Also , I find the bezel to spin a bit too freely compared to other Cartiers of the same model . . but this might just be me.So much time had elapsed when I bought it off Amazon.com that I could not even return it.Purchase at your own risk.NOTE
 Strap broke and is practically impossible to replace . Strap is not a standard replacement and it is almost impossible to find a replacement that will fit . Save yourself some trouble and find a watch with a standard band .
 My son loved his watch until yesterday . The band broke and is irreparable . I wish we 'd read the other reviews before we bought this watch . It 's only 2 years old , but will now have to be replaced .
 I 've had this watch a couple of years -LRB- mine is actually a W-96H -RRB- , but will never get to test the 10-year battery guaranty , since the strap broke way too soon . Everything else was OK to excellent . Kept excellent time . Time and day were easy to read -LRB- only fair for the date -RRB- . The light made it readable at night . Survived swimming unscathed . Usable stopwatch . Crystal has held up without much scratching . Plastic case was strong enough , but the finish was only fair
 I bought this watch on October 17 , 2009 . The case broke on June 16 , 2010 . I took it to where I bought it and they said that since it was the casing that broke I had to contact Casio . I contacted Casio and they said to send it to them AT MY EXPENSE and they would let me know if the repair would be covered under the warranty . Well , you guessed it , it was n't covered . Can you believe that ? 9 months and they would n't repair it ! Casio said that they do n't cover the case under warranty . Well , gee , what is a wrist watch without the case ? I will NEVER buy another Casio watch again .
 I ordered this watch -LRB- Shoppingzulla was the actual vendor -RRB- and believed it was a strap watch as advertised . It has a chain link on the back not a buckle where it clasps . It was far too big for my wrist . Beware ! I have to pay shipping twice now in order to get the right watch . Amazon needs to put up the picture shown on other sites that reveals the back of this watch and it needs to provide an accurate description .
 the problem is for that product is sweeting inside , i changed two times and the same probems both of them .
 This is a nice looking watch . I 've had good luck with durability with other Nike watches in the past . One negative thing about the watch is the date information is very small and difficult to set and see . The other major problem I had with this watch is that it stopped working after less than a month of ownership .
 The watch is beautiful , but the stones started to fall out after about three weeks of wear . I was very disappointed with the quality of this watch . I would not recommend it .
 The watch does n't work , probably just a battery but the instructions say that to replace the watch battery you have to send it to Nike otherwise you void the warranty . Very disappointed because the watch is cute .
 very disappointed , I do n't recommend anyone to buy this watch , it came broken , I sent it back to Invicta claiming its guarantee . I had to pay 20 US $ to send the item and when I received it back , one week later it broke again
 I bought this watch for my husband one year ago . It is one of the most beautiful watches that I have seen for a man , and he always received compliments on it . However , 10 months into owning it , there were serious cracks on the underside of the band on both sides simply from forming it around his wrist to wear . This resulted in the rubber on the band snapping and making it totally unwearable . I called the Invicta corporate office in FL and found out that there is NO warranty on the band , and that it would cost $ 57 to replace the band , which includes flat rate shipping . Also , it could take up to 90 days to replace , which is not a big deal , but I thought I would disclose that too . This is my husbands favorite watch , but it makes no sense to replace a band with no warranty that could n't last for a year with normal wear .
 Watch arrived with a dead battery . Took it to a Jeweller who replaced the battery which unfortunately revealed that the GMT hand was not keeping time . Reached out to Invicta directly to ask for assistance and raise the concern . After 2 email replies that were dismissive and did n't address the specific issue was finally able to speak with a Service rep over the phone . Instructions provided -LRB- to pull out and turn the crown counterclockwise to set the GMT time -RRB- ultimately resulted in the crown coming completely off ! Rep informed me that I could ship the watch to them and get it back in 6 weeks -LRB- why would I want to send a brand new watch for `` fixing '' ?? -RRB- or deal directly with Amazon.com to address -LRB- i.e. refund -RRB- as Invicta washed their hands of it and said that this was an `` amazon problem/defect and not theirs '' ... bought this watch at a deep discount and now I know why ... look at all the reduced prices on this brand of watch ... the MSRP is grossly inflated in virtually every instance so buyer beware beacause there are obviously reasons why they do n't sell any of them at the MSRP !!! You may get a lemon.Having purchased other Invicta watches and loved them , I am quite surprised and upset around this experience with both Invicta and Amazon and I caution you to think hard before purchasing this product . If you do n't mind receiving a dead watch , paying for a new battery to discover the watch it faulty , and then have to spend your money and time to ship back for a refund or fixing and not recieving it back for 6 weeks ... well then go for it.Watch does look great I must add . Invicta/Amazon - get your acts together ... serious quality issues here , both in service and product .
 I received this product and it does not work . Tried calling silverbin and just received a busy signal .
 I purchased this watch specifically because of the compass feature . Well , a COMPASS uses the Earth 's magnetic fields to determine geographic direction . This watch has a SUNDIAL . The directions actually tell you to align the arrows on the watch with the sun . If you are in the middle of the woods , or the sun is right on top of you -LRB- noon -RRB- , or at night , and this watch is all you have to get you home , you will be waiting for the next sunrise to see where is East . You do n't need a watch to get yourself directions using the sun . You can use a wooden stick for that , which is freely available .
 The watch is beautiful but it is HUGE , ridiculously HUGE ! I could have put a chain on it , wore it around my neck and been Flavor Flav for Halloween ! I returned it but got another Invicta that was more normal sized . I knew it was over sized before I bought it but seriously unless you are a 6 ' 8 '' defensive tackle or have tree trunks for wrists , this watch probably is n't for you .
 It is a very attractive watch but much to big to wear on my arm . Maybe it would be OK as a thigh band
 I purchased this watch in 2006 . I thought it was a fine watch until it came time to replace the battery.My local Seiko dealer refused to attempt a battery replacement so i tried to do it myself . That was a mistake . I found out the hard way , why the local dealer would n't replace the battery.Its almost impossible.I ended up with a broken watch . Do not buy this watch is my recommendation .
 Beautiful watch . It 's a pity that the first one I received -LRB- as a Christmas present for my wife -RRB- was dead on arrival . Amazon worked hard to correct the issue even going to great lengths to overnight a replacement to me in another town where we were spending the holidays -LRB- still did n't arrive before Christmas but ... -RRB- . However , the replacement watch was also dead . So there were two of these $ 1000 + watches delivered DOA . Not good ...
 i 've received this watch today , and it is not like in the picture . the corpus of is little damaged ! but , anyway , i hope that my mom will like it .
 The watch is nice . But , the photo is not an accurate picture of what the watch looks like . Each diamond looks bright , but the actual diamonds are small and sparkle in direct light . I was disappointed but I am keeping it because for the price it is a nice watch . Just not what I really wanted .
 Ok , I bought this watch in November 2010 . It stopped working after 3 weeks of having it . I thought oh it was just an old battery . It took me 3 months to find someone who could replace the battery due to the shape if the watches face and glass . When I did find someone to replace battery it wasnt the battery ! The watch was broken ! Amazon wouldnt take it back due to it was over 30 days and Bulova said they would fix it which took another month and get this ! THEY TOOK A BIG CHUNK OUT OF THE FACE OF THE WATCH AND MAILED IT BACK TO ME THAT WAY ! and ... Sent me a BILL for $ 10.00 for shipping and handling !!!!???? You decide for yourself if the watch was refurbished in the first place and if you consider this adequate customer service .
 I purchased this for my wife as a Christmas gift and was disappointed when it arrived . First of all , this watch is huge , especially for a woman who has a smaller figure . The diamonds are small and really do n't sparkle all that much.I guess it really depends on your taste , but be forwarned before purchasing . I 'm going to return and find something else .
 Purchased in 4/22/2011 , it is totally stop working , anyone know about warrantee , how can I get help . Paid nearly 200 dollars , late over 2 minutes daily , now it is no longer works .
 I have bought it less then one year . At first , it is good . However , 3-4 months later , movement always slow . Now , I have sent it back . I hope the problem can be resolved .
 My wonderful wife purchased this watch for me . I do like it , however , after wearing it for a while , the pin that holds the band on to the watch started to fall out . I pushed it back in for several weeks , until it finally fell out -LRB- when I did n't notice it coming out -RRB- I took it back to the store where I purchased it -LRB- Fred Meyers -RRB- and they sent it back to the company . It finally came back after 5 weeks , and I happily wore it , until the same pin started to fall out again . The manager at the store put another pin in , and returned it to me . The same pin again started to fall out when I wore it . I then returned the watch to the store who again sent it in to the company . That was mid November , and I still have not received my watch back . Needless to say , I am not pleased with the customer service . I truly like the watch , but not the service from Seiko . Either all the pins holding the band on are undersized , or the hole in my watch is too large . Whatever . Seems like they could figure that out .
 This product was not what I expected , it is more for a little girl than a mature woman .
 I have owned several of these through the years , and with everyone , it winds up getting water in the watch when it defiantly should not have . It seems to happen after the battery needs to be replaced , which leads me to believe that they do not seal properly once they have been opened . -LRB- using multiple jewelers -RRB- Seiko , will not correct , nor fix this issue with out charging in excess of $ 100 . After hundreds of dollars spent and multiple issues I have finally given up and will spend the money on a watch that the manufacture will stand behind .
 Just be aware that the perpetual calendar may not be so perpetual after all . After 3 years the calendar in my watch did n't increment the date a couple of days . So I was off by a few days . Then it incremented the date by more than one count.The perpetual just lasted 3 years.It seems that as long as the watch is under warranty the perpetual calendar works , after that its gone .
 I could not get the stars to be selected . I would give the watch a 4/5 stars with lack of luminiscent hands as main problem.I was looking for a replacement for my inexpensive watch that i lost recently . I wanted a watch that was water resistant , light weight and reliable . I have an old sieko kinetic watch that I decided to not repair and bought this watch instead . It is a good looking watch , with a locking titanium bracelet band which is light weight and attractive . I wear the watch even in the shower every morning and appreciate its water resistant quality . my one compaint is not having luminescent hands to see the time in the dark . the band is very comfortable and nice looking and it does not pull on arm hairs etc. . I am hoping the locking fold over clasp will hold up over time but since i dont take the watch off much , I expect it will . van
 I 've had this watch for a few years now , and for the most part I love it . It 's lightweight but durable , and feels very sturdy on my wrist . It goes with a suit or flannel and anything in between.The problem
 I made the mistake of buying this watch in spite of the other review about the weak bracelet . Big mistake . I 've had it six weeks and today the band broke . Now I need to send it to New Jersey for repair ! Ridiculous for a supposed $ 400 watch . Should have gone with the Citizen which I almost bought but I liked the looks and light weight of this watch better . Darn .
 I love everything about this watch except that the band is literally the weak link . It broke weeks after buying it . Look for another watch with a strong band .
 I bought this item and receive the chinese one . Not TITANUM!Please , a little think before order this `` seiko '' !
 I was about to buy one but not after hearing its not titanium ? can anyone help me out with a reply if its a legitimate watch ??
 This is not what one would expect . The product is bad in quality , the metal links feel awkward ... . Lessons learn , never get a watch online ...
 This is an ok watch but I have had to change the battery twice in less then a year . Maybe I got a lemon . Still it was not as interesting as I expected it to be .
 I loved the look of this watch , SKA245 . The quality of case , bracelet and crown were excellent , and the price was right.The problem I had , was the watch would never hold a charge , regardless of how much I tried the `` start-up procedure '' as indicated in the instructions . -LRB- The second-hand keeps skipping every other second , indicating a low charge -RRB- . Speaking of instructions , my watch came with the manual for another Seiko model , not the Kinetic . What they did include was a photo copy of the instruction sheet tucked into the watch 's box ... very strange!The bottom line was , I am returning the watch and do n't know if I would ever buy another Seiko Kinetic . Too bad , it was a beautiful looking watch . Not recomended at this time .
 The watch itself is a beautiful piece , but if it 's not worn every day it stops working , which I find annoying . They are supposed to hold a battery life after a full charge for at least 3-6 months ... I 'm about to send it back .
 I was looking forward to getting this watch . I thought I would like the style of the face and the rose gold color . But I returned the watch as soon as I saw it . The watch is so huge that it looks garish . I have given this watch 2 stars because it probably works -LRB- I never tried it but I would assume with any new watch that it works -RRB- and it does have a nice color . But first of all it did arrive covered with fingerprints . -LRB- Others had obviously returned it -RRB- . But more importantly it is really way too huge . I mean the face alone is at least 1.5 inches long . The links are giant too . I admit that the description does state `` large '' , but I assumed it 's because the face is larger than the links are . But with no perspective in the photo , and no actual size measurements given anywhere in the product description I assumed that a ladies watch its going to still be proportionately sized for a woman . Not . The face is actually larger than many men 's watches . It just looks freaky instead of elegant in my opinion . BTW I dont have a tiny arm , just average . . I would recommend highly that the seller photograph the watch being worn on a model .
 I purchased this watch as a gift for the ten year anniversary of one of my employees . She loved it and began wearing it immediately . However , soon after receiving it , it stopped keeping time . When she contacted Tag Heuer , they informed her that she needed to send it to the service center for repair . LVMH -LRB- Louis Vuitton Moet Henessey -RRB- is the parent company of Tag Heuer , and the service center does all the US repair work on these watches . Her watch was repaired and sent back . But NOT FOR FREE . Even though the watch was under warranty , she was told that because it was purchased from Amazon rather than in a retail store , the warranty would not be honored . Very disappointing . Plus the repair was over $ 100 . About a month later , the watch again failed and had to be sent in a second time . Once again , LVMH saw fit to charge for the repair , stating that the problem was different and therefore not covered by the warranty attached to the first repair that was done . WOW!Before buying a Tag Heuer from Amazon , make absolutely certain that you obtain a warranty that will cover the watch . Our experience indicates you may be out of luck . Caveat Emptor .
 Late last summer I purchased the Luminox Men 's Original Nay SEAL dive watch from the Watch Colony whose company is a seller in the Amazon marketplace . Because I trusted any seller that would be approved by the Amazon marketplace I paid $ 189.00 for what I hoped would be a great replacement watch to the one I had purchased from a retail jewelry store fifteen years earlier . When the watch arrived there was no warranty card with the shipment , only a small rubber id tag giving what looks like a serial number.The watch appeared at first glance to be fine , the only major change from my previous navy seal watch was the strap which was a thinner more pliable rubber one . Later in the year when it was time to turn the clocks back for the end of daylight savings time , I attempted to pull out the watch stem to change the time . IT WOULD NOT BUDGE ! I called the Watch Colony to tell them the problem . The person answering the phone stated in broken English that `` The watch supposed to be that way , stem will not pull out easily because of waterproof '' . This sounded ridiculous to me , so I followed up with two subsequent emails and got the same answer , furthermore , they would not take the watch back since more than 30 days had elapsed since the date of purchase.I sat next to a gentleman on a plane who had just received the same watch from a different retailer for his birthday . I explained my problem and he said the dealer was lying to me , and effortlessly pulled out his watch stem with one fingernail!I then called the manufacturer of the navy seal watch , Luminox and explained the situation . They also told me the Watch Colony was lying about the watch , the stem should pull out effortlessly . Furthermore , they stated that the Watch Colony was not an authorized dealer for navy seal watches , and because of that and the missing warranty card , the usual two year warranty would not be honored.For all I know the Watch Colony may be selling black market items that are inferior to the original design ... they could not find any warranty card for my watch or any other navy seal watch to send me when asked . If I wanted Luminox to repair the inferior watch stem the cost to me would be well over $ 100.00 ! I have attempted five times to get my money back from this dealer , but neither the Watch Colony nor Amazon will refund my money . I have been a good customer of Amazon for over ten years and can not believe they would allow a fly by night company such as the Watch Colony to do business under the good name of Amazon . I am writing this not only to express my outrage at being a victim of an unscrupulous dealer , but to warn future buyers off.This has been the worst buying experience I have had in over ten years !
 Luminox makes money by advertising their watches as being tough , as being used by Navy Seals , and as being a quality product.My 3000 series had the crystal break while fishing in alaska . I am not talking about Deadliest Catch abuse , I am talking fishing with a rod and reel for salmon . A very little bump on the side of the boat and a nice break across the face of the watch . To be honest , this did not bother me that much . I assumed that my watch , 3 months old , would be taken care of by Luminox . To my surprise , Luminox denied the claim and charged me $ 130 to replace the crystal . What was even more absurd than their price was that it took 3 months for them to ship my watch back to me . This is not some random repair shop , this was the Luminox Customer Service Center.After getting my watch back , it lasted another 4 months and the bezel broke . Of course , this was not covered under warranty and after $ 60 and 5 weeks at Luminox Customer Service Center , my watch arrives with a different bezel than the original bezel . After calling the Service Center , I have to send my watch back so they can replace the incorrect bezel with the original model . I ship the watch back , at my expense , and it takes them 3 weeks to call me back and tell me the original bezel is no longer available.I finally get my watch back , a few weeks pass , and I take the kids to the pool to hang out and get some sun . After swimming for about an hour , I look at my watch and notice that the crystal has fogged up and I can not read the watch . My guess would be that Luminox , after opening my watch 3 different times has messed up the waterproofing of the watch . After calling their customer service center , guess what ? You betcha , since the watched was opened due to a non-warranty issue , they will not repair it for free . So the bottom line is the LUMINOX SERVICE CENTER will not even warranty their own work.For a company that promotes their watch as tough , it is anything but and the company itself borders on being criminal in their enforcement of their own warranty and service.I have since bought a G-shock that I has lasted for 3 years without even having to have the band replaced , much less a crystal or bezel .
 I purchased this watch with the thought of ruggedness in mind . I was impressed with the style when I first received it . I noticed that most of the positive reviews here were from customers that also enjoyed the looks and have n't had the watch for a long period of time . Also note that reviews on this watch on other websites explain the same problems . After about a month a noticed that from moving indoors to outdoors , Condensation could be seen under crystal . Not even near as water resistant as they advertise . The watch battery ran down after 2 months . No big deal , I replaced it . Then , Because the case is plastic , the wristban bar wore out the hole on the case so that the watch kept falling off . O.K. I JB welded the hole and made it smaller once again . Next the tritium gas tube fell off the second hand . and floated around inside the case . I was beginning to get annoyed . So a few days later the gas tube got stuck under the hour hand a jammed the movement . I was able to free it up but was not confident in the watch at this point . It ran for another 5 days and then stopped on it 's own . Frazzled , I placed it in my workbench vice and destroyed it . I felt so much better . After all of this I would suspect that you would ask , `` Why did n't you have it serviced under the warrenty ? '' Well , That 's because if you go to their website , there warranty and replacement policy is an absolute JOKE ! They expect you to jump through hurdles to get this watch even looked at . Ridiculous ! Do n't buy it ! Get a Citizen , They actually care about their customers !
 If you want to buy this watch because you think Navy Seals wear it -- they do n't . If you would like a watch commonly used by SEALs , then buy a Casio G-Shock DW-6600 . If you just like the watch , it 's okay , but there are better quality divers out there from Seiko and Citizen , and you should check those out . When I bought my Luminox , there were some that were already broken in the case -LRB- tritium vials had fallen off the hands -RRB- . I sold mine a few months later .
 STAY AWAY , RUN !! DO N'T WaSTE YOUR MONEY ! I purchased my Luminox Watch back in 2001 . I was excited at first as I liked the versatility and design . I needed a watch that could take some mild abuse as I am can be on them . I noticed after about a year the bezel started to wear . Then after the the third year of ownership , water started getting inside the watch itself . The watch would fog up after a shower . After four years of wearing it , the bezel wore completely smooth , showing no numbers at all . I called Luminox and inquired and they advised me to send it to their authorized repair facility . Then I get a phone call from Luminox asking where I purchased it from . I told them and they then stated that it was not covered under any warranty at all being that I bought it off of E-Bay , even though I purchased it brand brand new from a verified E-Bay power seller . They stated that I would have had to purchase it from an `` authorized '' Luminox dealer for warranty coverage . They advised me that the crown was bent , the internals were rusted and needed to be rebuilt , the crystal was scratched to the point of needing replacement , the bezel needed replacing , ect ... . I sucked it up and paid the $ 100.00 plus return S&H ; to have them rebuild my watch and send it back . Two years later the battery was toasted , the bezel started to wear again , and it was fogging up again when I took a shower . I have had it now eight years and the watch is ruined . It wo n't hold the correct time , I have a hard time setting the date , and the bezed it completely smooth again , showing no numbers at all . I called Luminox after the second time I started having problems and inquired about warranty work since their authorized repair facility rebuilt it and they said that since I did n't original purchase it from an authorized Luminox dealer ... and told me that they could n't help me.I like the versatility and design , so I just bought a watch similar in nature from a different manufacturer and it 's warrantied for three years right off the bat.Bottom line
 I have tried to contact Luminox Customer service 7 times . I received automatic responses that they received my emails and they would be geyying back to me . Well , it 's been 2 months and no response.Their customer service is Horrible . If this is indicative of their company , this was my last purchase.I am very disappointed in what could have been a nice watch . Do n't buy them , they do n't stand behind their product . You will notice , everybody has the same complaint .
 I ca n't agree more with these reviews , I 'm not on deadliest catch , or a Navy Seal , or a RANGER ... and my case is chipped , my `` indestructible '' crystal is cracked -LRB- by my 14 month old son , none the less ! -RRB- and 3 of the light tubes fell out and are now rolling around inside my watch . All within one year . FOR THIS PRICE IT SHOULD LAST 10 YEARS!I forgot to add that the case has NEVER been opened , the inside of the watch fogs due tio excessive humidity inside the case and Luminox told me I probably bought a counterfeit watch . I know the difference ...
 This is my 2nd one . The 1st one had battery problems ; it would just suddenly stop ticking once in a while for a few hours , then start again , even when the battery was replaced.This new one has a plastic back . I guess in the current economy , even Luminox has to cut costs , right ?
 Had this watch for three years . It is extremely light with a very comfortable band . I love wearing this watch everyday . However , like many of the folks here have noted ... the watch is fragile . Mine has needed the movement replaced twice . Going for a G-Shock , I ca n't see putting anymore money into this watch .
 Judging from the other reviews , people either love this watch or they hate it . I 'm in the later category . I was originally disappointed by how quickly it went through batteries . Then , the minute hand came loose and now it just dangles . I 've seen cheapo watches made better than this .
 I have owned one of these watches for the past 4 years and replaced the battery once . One day the illuminated part of the second hand fell off and moves loosely on the clock face . The piece is big enough that it was able to jam the second hand stopping the watch . I did not notice for 2 hours . Customer Service was no better , send them $ 12.00 and the watch and they well call back later and give a price to repair it , no guarantees.Another complaint is the small date , you need a magnifying glass to see the date . Do n't Navy Seals care about the date ? If you are looking for a watch that ONE Navy Seal guy wore during his daily workouts , and do n't care about the date or time , this is the watch for you .
 These watches are basically crap ! I never read the reviews because I never actually bought one . I found my first one in a river near a Marine base in the Sierras and was impressed that it was working . When it failed -LRB- water under the crystal and it stopped working -RRB- a year later I sent it in to the company and was told that the warranty could not be validated . I received the second one as a gift . I only wore these watches while camping , fishing , and backpacking . I never wore it diving , and neither one went deeper in the water than 10 feet . The second one just failed . Again , the problem was water seeped in and it stopped working . I ca n't believe that Navy Seals or even Navy cooks rely on this watch . I would not reccommend that anyone buy the watch .
 bought as a gift for $ 200 . It failed the first time after 18 months and Luminox fixed it . Now it failed again 12 months later and Luminox will not fix under warranty . I believe they damaged the internal seal when repaired last time . They offered to replace it at $ 200 - when it has a street price of $ 150 or less.My last $ 25 casio digital watch lasted 5 years with no problems . Would not buy Luminox again .
 After owning this watch for three months one of the lugs holding the strap broke off when it hit the edge of a table -LRB- this a watch supposedly made for Navy SEALS ? -RRB- . The manufacturer refused to repair/replace the case under the warranty and wanted $ 110 to do so as a watch repair . Add that to the fact that the watch is really light weight and the strap is stiff/uncomfortable to wear . Do yourself a favor and pass on this watch .
 I was incredibly excited to find this watch for this price . I had already tried one on and knew the product would be of excellent quality , if it arrived in the condition it was supposed to . I first noticed a large green tag on the product which stated that the watch could not be returned if it was removed . Obviously this raised suspicion as it implied that the company anticipated a lot of returns . Watching the action of the watch , it continuously stalled and would not keep accurate time , indicating a near-dead battery . In examining the back of the watch , there was a large dent in the carbon casing in the back of the watch body . I am immediately sending this back and buying from a better retailer .
 I bought this watch brand new from a large military/police supply site online and loved it for 10 months . Then for no apparent reason , the second hand fell off . It lodged in the minute hand and stopped it . I went on Luminox site and found that they wont even fix a watch of theirs unless you prove it came from an &#34; authorized distributor &#34; , which I found out to my dismay the site I bought it from is not -LRB- of course they dont tell you that when you buy it -RRB- . So if Luminox wont stand behind their own products bought brand new in box , they must know that they are garbage ... Who doesnt stand behind their products anymore ? Wow
 I had the same problem as the others , bought it , looked great , had to have it repaired , they charged me for the repair , came back and still did not work . Save your money buy a good watch . If the military is truely buying these watches for the seals someone needs to look into this as they are getting screwed .
 My model 3001 just broke for the 3rd time . The first two times it just quit and they fixed it under warranty . Now that I 'm out of warranty , the stem will not go back in . I was told there is NO warranty on the stem , even if it was new . They will fix it for $ 95 - it 's $ 165 new.It will still keep time , but is no longer waterproof . I do n't think I 'll throw away any more money on this watch and I wo n't buy another one .
 I have had two of these watches . I went swimming with them on but no diving . They both stopped over time presumably because the battery needed to be replaced . In both instances I was told they were corroded inside and that a repair would approach the price of a new watch . Who really wants a $ 200 disposable watch ?
 My Luminox is 18 months old . I 'm not tough on watches at all , so I 'm mystified why my Luminox is looking ratty.The crystal is cracked and I never remember any traumatic episode involving this watch . The luminous numbers on the outer dial were wearing off within 2 weeks . I 've had better luck than others with the watch band . I bought this watch as a slightly more expensive alternative to a Seiko 5 . Frankly , the Seiko 5 would be a better alternative .
 I was intrigued by Luminox watches for some time before getting one from my wife for Christmas . I excitedly strapped it on and went about my holiday , awaiting family and friends.It was n't too long before I noticed that the watch was running slow , and after a few days stopped all together . Contacting Luminox `` Support '' the first time provided no reply what-so-ever . Second attempt four days later I received a somewhat vague `` Our Service Center can help you with this at 401-946-0920 or info@saltzmans-watches.com . `` To say I 'm disappointed in Luminox , both their product and support , is an understatement .
 I bought the watch for recreational diving , and it has served that function well . I like the tritium glow for night dives . The glow does fade and fail after a handful of years , and `` Luminox Watch Repair '' charges about $ 170 to renew the tritium -LRB- glow -RRB- . Amazon sells the watch new for $ 199 . After sending my watch in for repair , it took Luminox about 2 months to get back to me with the price to replace the tritium . Luminox included a marketing ploy with their repair quote . Luminox offered an `` extended discount '' ... 25 % off of a new watch . Problem is , their `` extended discount '' is $ 263.95 , which is $ 64.95 -LRB- 33 % -RRB- higher than Amazon 's everyday price.Never again Luminox .
 *** WARNING -- DO NOT BUY YOUR LUMINOX WATCH FROM AMAZON.COM *** LUMINOX WILL SAY AMAZON.COM IS NOT AN `` AUTHORIZED '' SELLER AND WILL NOT HONOR THEIR WARRANTY.Mine broke in a year and I just had this problem .
 Would not own another one of these if you paid me . Twice the second hand has fallen off . The seller states that will easily happen if the watch is dropped . Really , a watch that is marketed as one used by and up to the rigors of the Navy Seals ? The funny part is , the watch has never been dropped and is treated like it is made out of egg shells . I have owned many watches over the years and never has a second hand fell off any of them once , let alone twice . Do not buy on of these watches , they are pieces of junk !
 I purchased this watch a little over a year ago . Mine had the tan background.The watch worked fine until the battery needed replaced about 2 months ago.I had a jewler replaced the battery , and soon after the time ran about 2 minutes slow.I replaced the battery myself , and the watch died.I took it to a Luminox dealer , and they told me the movement needed replaced , and the repair estimate was $ 97.00 . I told them to forget about repairing it.This is suppose to be a Navy Seal watch that should take some hard use?I sure hope the Seals do n't actually use this watch.I will never buy another Luminox product !!! Save your money , and buy another brand . This watch is a POS .
 For the price of this watch I thought it would be mil spec . and it is not . I believe that Luminox pays Navy Seals to use their name on the watch . First , the body is all plastic and the metal back cover is held on the plastic with 4 metal screws . Go figure , metal screws in plastic body . Obviously screws will strip the threads when you screw and unscrew the back to change the battery . After the watched leaked and was destroyed I discovered that the threads had stripped of course causing back not to seal . Plastic threads on metal screws would be ok if they put in more screws so if one is stripped you have others that will seal the watch . But this has only four , one for each corner . I was also careful of not over tightening the screws but it still got stripped . If you misalign one screw slightly the threads will strip and your watch is now not waterproof . For that price the body should be made of metal or at least have metal inserts . Other than that watch is ok as long as you do n't use in water and risk water leakage like others here complain of also .
 After about three years the watch died . Fair enough , it needed a new battery . The Luminox website states that it needs to be send back to Luminox for a new battery . So I printed off the pdf form the Luminox website , but had a simple question , so I emailed them . Nothing , no response . So I finally took it to a local jeweler who inserted a new battery and it now works just fine . I suppose that I now can not send it back to Luminox , but who cares ? In summary , a neat watch that is not backed up by its supplier .
 I 've owned two of these Luminox Original Navy Seal watches , purchased from the Army & Air Force Exchange Service -LRB- AAFES -RRB- and Amazon . My thinking was that if they were good enough for Navy Seals , they were good enough for me , a retired military man of mystery and now active civilian desk jocky . I was attracted by the Luminox Light Technology , so-called mil specs and supposed durability & ruggedness . The first watch worked great until its first ever visit to the Virginia Beach surf ! I played in the surf with my kids -LRB- never over my head -RRB- and water had gotten inside the crystal :--LRB- It was out of warranty so I continued to use it as is -LRB- out of water -RRB- . I contacted the manufacturer hoping that my defective out of warranty watch would be replaced but no dice ;--RRB- Even so , when it came time for replacement , I bought another exactly like it , this time from Amazon . I figured I probably somehow contributed to the first watch 's untimely demise and I really liked the watch otherwise ! The second watch lasted a little over a year before the same thing happened , again the first time it was exposed to the Va. . Beach surf ! Now , I 'm slow but I eventually catch on . In hindsight , I do n't believe the U.S. Navy Seals actually use these watches under operational -LRB- or even training -RRB- conditions . The water resistance -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- issue would be a serious limiting factor . Maybe they use them when they trek to the Base movie theaters . The Luminox Light Technology works great for illuminating passageways for the pogie bait runs and emergency head calls :--RRB- If you 're looking for rugged mil-spec commercial hardware that the military actually uses , buy a Force Protection Industries CAT II Cougar MRAP vehicle or a Polaris MV7 ATV , but forget the Luminox movie theater watches : - -RRB-
 Please do yourself a favor and avoid Luminox watches at all cost.I am a firefighter and assumed that a watch good enough for Navy Seals would meet my on the job needs as well . How wrong I was.After less than a year I cracked the crystal by setting the watch on a plastic countertop . Apparently they are not made to handle impact of any kind . Navy Seals must be a fragile bunch.After considerable hassle , the Luminox service center repaired the watch , but charged me an outragous $ 120 dollars - and it took them all of 16 weeks.Several months later the glow-in-the-dark paint fell off of the second hand and now sits inside the watch housing , getting pushed around by the hands.I like the look of this watch , but the quality is terrible . Even worse , it costs more to fix the frequently broken parts than it costs to buy a better watch.Give your money to a watchmaker with a quality product who cares about its customers - Luminox is not that company .
 The tritium is nice but the case is flimsy ; leaked after battery change . Recently one of the four pins securing the band broke off . Keeps good time . Save your money ; buy a Casio G Shock!Update - After ten years the tritium vials have lost most of their brightness making it difficult to see in the dark .
 I bought this exact model in 2002 for boot camp . i thought i should get the best quality watch for something like that and since it is the navy seal watch i figured it would be pretty good . for daily use it looks cool and lights up insanely bright at night . you would have no trouble telling the time in the dark . now the bad part ... on the way to boot camp , the light strip on the second hand fell off ! it just rattled around inside . then i got to boot camp and i cracked the face without even abusing the freaking thing . it made me sick knowing how much this stupid watch cost me . i ended up having to go to the store so i could buy a -LSB- ... -RSB- timex ironman watch . i used it through boot camp and still wear it today after 7 years of abuse . i had to change the battery for the first time about a month ago . i say dont waste your money . this watch isnt all that luminox claims it to be . its absolute crap .
 Have a Luminox model 211 - water res 5 atmosphere -LRB- 165ft/50m -RRB- - When the watch was one month old , went surface swimming in the ocean and the watch leaked and quit . Sent it back for warranty and they would not repair under warranty . They said the stem must have been out even though I checked and know it was in . Still fighting with Luminox . Might make a good fishing weight . Do not buy for Armed Forces , they deserve better . Luminescence is great , but not much good if it wo n't work .
 Loved this watch when I first got it - has great styling and was a great backup to my dive computer . Used it for diving here in Alaska . Unfortunately quit working within a year . Quality for the price is pretty questionable . No response from company on fixing it ...
 I read up on this watch and decided to buy it , thinking if it 's good enough for a navyseal it 's good enough for me . 1 month later the wristband spring that connects the belt to the watch popped off during a basketball game . Ever since it keeps happening when small amount of force is applied . The luminox glow in the dark thing works great but it fell off on one of the hands inside the case . I feel bad for our military .
 I bought this watch a few years ago . I like the luminous dial , and it has proven to be an accurate and rugged watch . I am disappointed that after a few years the plastic watch band cracked and was no longer usable . Given the price of this watch , and all the military specifications Luminox claims to meet , I did not expect this to happen . I assumed this must have been a defective watch band . When I contacted Luminox to point this out , and asked if they would replace it , they sent me a very curt and direct message in which they stated : `` The warranty does not apply to the band , crystal , crown , bezel or battery . `` In looking for a replacement band , I discovered that authorized Luminox distributors sell them for $ 39.00 . I think this is bit ridiculous for a watch band that only lasted a few years . I 've bought complete Timex digital watches for less than the price of this band , and never had the watch band break . In shopping around , I found a Timex watch band made for Casio watches that looked like the original Luminox watch band . I bought it for $ 8.87 at Wal-Mart . While I still like the Luminox watch itself , I 'm very unhappy with it coming with either a defective or very cheap watch band . I 'm also very unimpressed with Luminox 's customer service . Given my experience , I 've come to the conclusion that Luminox watches are overpriced , and their service is poor . If I could do it all over , I would n't buy this watch again .
 I have two of the Luminox Ops Watches . They are good watches for general physical activity , including swimming . However , if you plan to scuba dive with these watches , please be aware that some moisture will enter within the watch . The watch and crystal will fill up with just enough moisture where one is unable to see the time . It takes about 2-4 days for the watch to dry out ... the watch continues to keep its time . Both of my Luminox Ops watches experience this problem when diving at depths even though Luminox claims this is a water resistant watch at depths of 200 meters.When I inquired about this problem with a registered Luminox service center , they knew about the problem and suggested that I purchase the more expensive model where the complete backside of the watch screws together like a bezel . They 're explanation continued to describe the Luminox Ops back side is only attached with 4 small screws and this design is prone to leak when the watch is under pressure . The service center suggested that I work directly with Luminox regarding this problem . This process of working with Luminox , returning watches directly to the company has been a long and difficult process ... they are not an easy company to work with ! Luminox knows there is a design flaw with the Ops watch . After repairs , I continued to have the very same problem . Now , I take off my Luminox watch when entering the water and use only my scuba computer .
 Like others I have read here , I found the quality to be substandard for the price . I also found the company service to be horrid and arrogant . The band broke nearly right away and the pins come out of the softer polymer lugs . I like the look but would not and have not purchased another again .
 If there was only 221/2 hours in the day this might be a decent watch . This is a good looking watch , but that is about all it is . I wore it mountain biking twice , did n't even fall , and now it is losing about 11/2 hours a day . That is very unacceptable . I also never saw anyone wearing anything but a Timex , or a Casio G-Shock in the field while I was in the army . I will see what I can do to fix this novelty item and will probably pick up a G-Shock in the meantime .
 The product was junk -LRB- possibly counterfeit -RRB- and customer service is a joke . A supposed Luminox watch lasted just over one year before catastrophic failure -LRB- crown and pin seized -RRB- . I contacted Luminox and they said Dexclusive -LRB- the company that Amazon made the product available through -RRB- is not an authorized dealer and they have no idea where they get their watches from . They said that type of failure is not characteristic of their product -LRB- supported by online reviews -RRB- . No comment from Amazon . Dexclusive has a skeleton crew of front-line customer service people with no supervisors or managers -LRB- they are always `` in meetings '' -RRB- . They would/could not tell me where their watches come from , but stated they can sell can sell their watches so cheap because they only offer a one year warranty -LRB- ??? -RRB- . Of course , they would gladly take more of my money if I wanted to send it into them and pay for any repairs . I only gave them one star because there is no zero star option . If you want a disposable Luminox look-alike , these are the guys to buy from .
 Two of my sons and I all own different models of the Luminox watch . I am now fed up and deciding between a Citizen and a Seiko to replace it . The watches look great and work fine , and are suitable for scuba diving , but when the battery dies -LRB- and it does die , generally after less than 2 years -RRB- the only way to get it replaced is by sending it to the one authorized service center in Rhode Island . By the time you 've paid shipping , insurance , and return shipping , that 's a very expensive battery , and you 've had to wait 2 weeks or more for it . One son 's watch -LRB- a model with the black composite case -RRB- developed a problem with the pins that secure the band . The holes that the pins fit in apparently got too big -LRB- with `` wear and tear ? -RRB- and the band kept falling off . The service center said it was out of warranty -LRB- it was just over 21/2 years old -RRB- and wanted over $ 100 to fix it . When I complained to Luminox , the Director of US Operations agreed to fix it even though it was out of warranty . But to my comment in my complaint letter that the Navy Seals branding suggests a rugged and durable watch , he replied that only the tritium luminescence technology is actually used by the -LRB- real -RRB- Navy Seals , and that any other assumption that the Navy Seals hype suggests quality or durability was the customer 's own invention !!! My sons ' watches are still running and I suppose they 'll keep them until they break . But mine is now quite dead and I 'm NOT going back to Luminox . I assume my sons will replace their watches , when the time comes , with more reliable brands as well . WHAT a disappointment !
 I bought a Luminox 3000 man 's watch from Amazon.com . Amazon.com then used JOMASHOP.com as the supplier . When I went to change the date the beginning of this month -LRB- March -RRB- I found the crown stem to me very difficult to pull out and turn . Take note that the watch was never abused or damaged in any way . I called JOMASHOP to get a return order for repairs . First off the person I got spoke such broken English I had to have him repeat everything he said . Sometimes several times . The watch is in the two year warranty time frame but JOMASHOP will not back up the warranty . Personally if I buy another watch from Amazon and learn that it is coming from JOMASHOP I wo n't place the order or return it within the 30 days of purchase . I 'm just grateful that it was n't a high end watch .
 I am extremely disappointed with my newest Luminox 300x watch . The item was purchased about 6 months ago . The watch worked and I was very pleased with it until about 4 weeks ago when it suddenly stopped working -LRB- the second arrow started going back and forth -RRB- This watch was used mainly in the office environment , away from water and magnetic materials . I am an avid Luminox user -LRB- this is my 7th model -RRB- and I was shocked and surprised to see how badly the company handled this - I 've sent this model to the L-x repair center and received an invoice for $ 64 stating `` Major Overhall '' with no explanation of what went wrong . I was very happy with this brand so I called only to argue with the servicemen about the `` warranties '' . My point was straight and clear - if they put Navy Seals logo and claim that the watch is for `` professional use '' then it should be made to meet those conditions ! I do n't want to end up with a broken leaky watch when things go wrong - I 'll be busy with more important things than thinking `` is it still under Luminox warranty ?!!! '' .
 I have two Luminox watches . The 3001 was the first and worked great for about 2 years . Then it started to `` lose time '' . I figured the battery was going bad so I replaced it . Within about 2 months it did it again . Figured I had a defective battery so I replaced it again . Lasted about 2 weeks . Now it 's dead . Additionally , the bezel paint does n't like mosquito repellant . It ate most of the paint off the bezel . I 'm very unhappy about the quality of this particular Luminox . That being said , I also have a 3204 which I love and have n't had a single problem with .
 This watch is not the best . I call the lumi-mox office phone and told them my yellow face paint is comming off . Man they said to bad and hung up . There are better watches out there !
 I 'll stay away from this watch cheaply made see my experience with luminox at -LSB- ... -RSB- Broken in so many ways not just the strap even after replacing with a new strap and even the watch itself
 I have had two other virtually identical watches -LRB- started out using them as dive watches but wound up using them as my regular watch . The latest one I ordered arrived promptly ; I started it up , set it ; it ran for five hours and stopped . I reset it ; it ran another four hours and stopped ; I sent it back , and received a refund promptly . Do ' t know if I 'll try to buy another .
 In a nutshell , if you want a government issued navy seal watch then become a seal ! Luminox was used to help the watch `` glow '' that was the invention ! When you can cough up 10K + then your in the ballpark ! Semper fi
 Nasty cheap plastic case , very average illumination . It may `` glow '' for years but it 's weak . Horrible strap and a load of very dubious nonsense about a Navy SEAL connection . Cheap watch , vastly over-priced . But SEIKO 200m diver . This thing does n't even have a screw down crown ! Casio 's have better build quality than this !
 I bought it and it worked OK . I loved at first ... until I wore it with a long sleve shirt which was BLACK.The watch turned gray and it never got rid of it . I tried cleaning it with soap , alcohol , acetone ... you name it!I gave it to my niece to play with . It looked dirty .
 I bought this watch a few years ago . I like the luminous dial , and it has proven to be an accurate and rugged watch . I am disappointed that after a few years the plastic watch band cracked and was no longer usable . Given the price of this watch , and all the military specifications Luminox claims to meet , I did not expect this to happen . I assumed this must have been a defective watch band . When I contacted Luminox to point this out , and asked if they would replace it , they sent me a very curt and direct message in which they stated : `` The warranty does not apply to the band , crystal , crown , bezel or battery . `` In looking for a replacement band , I discovered that authorized Luminox distributors sell them for $ 39.00 . I think this is bit ridiculous for a watch band that only lasted a few years . I 've bought complete Timex digital watches for less than the price of this band , and never had the watch band break . In shopping around , I found a Timex watch band made for Casio watches that looked like the original Luminox watch band . I bought it for $ 8.87 at Wal-Mart . While I still like the Luminox watch itself , I 'm very unhappy with it coming with either a defective or very cheap watch band . I 'm also very unimpressed with Luminox 's customer service . Given my experience , I 've come to the conclusion that Luminox watches are overpriced , and their service is poor . If I could do it all over , I would n't buy this watch again .
 I will never buy another Luminox watch ! I have this watch , the black one with the rubber strap , in the women 's size with a yellow dial . I have had it for almost 3 years . I do not dive any more since we have had children , but I wear this watch to do chores , sports , quotidian -LRB- daily -RRB- boring stuff . The numbers around the dive time ring have all worn off so you can hardly read them . The watch keeps popping off the band because the hole where the pin fits in on one side has been scuffed and so now it wo n't hold . I sent it back to Luminox and they said it would cost $ 136 to repair . I said , `` Send it back and I 'll use it as a pocket watch . '' I am certainly disappointed with the brand ; I had long held Luminox in high regard because of their `` Navy SEAL '' stamp of approval , but I guess we civilians get an inferior model , or else the SEAL divers only wear them when they are actually under water , and not in combat or training or anything like that . Likely I will buy the National Geographic dive watch next , which also has a cheerful yellow dial , but I am not sure yet .
 I love Seiko watches , but I hate the kenetic feature . It only works well if you wear one watch . I have several and I like to switch off . This means that I have to reset the kenetic every time I want to wear it . I could put up with this if the watch would stay running while I 'm wearing it . Watch a long movie or take a nap and I 'm wearing a stopped watch . Bah !
 Let me start by saying this is a great watch but I gave it two stars because it did not hold a charge like it was supposed to . The manual said 250 swings of the arm should be enough to charge it up to last 1 day but I wore it two days in a row and the watch stopped each time over night . I bought this same watch 15 years ago and it was recently stolen from the gym . I looked around at other watches but always came back to this one . Amazon is great and the watch was delivered on time . Unfortunately Watch Grabber -LRB- the actual seller -RRB- sent me a dud .
 I bought this watch as a gift for my wife after reading excellent reviews about it . This watch looks nice but it does n't feel like a $ 200 worth ! the stainless steel shine looks cheap and is different from the item picture provided here . the band leather is also not that good . in addition , I received mine with a visible indentation/scratch on the outter diameter of stainless case and will definitely return it .
 I PURCHASED AS A GIFT FOR A FAMILY FRIEND . HE WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED THAT THE HANDS DID NOT ILLUMINATE ENOUGH FOR HIM TO SEE THE TIME AT NIGHT .
 Firstly it gains about 2 seconds a day which is quite a lot , and not really acceptable for watch costing this much money . I can not return it because I had it brought to me from US by a friend.Secondly the dial is much darker then the picture published.Thirdly it is bit heavier then my certina was -LRB- which got stolen during mugging -RRB- I will get used to it eventuallyLastly , in away it is a nice watch to look at .
 This is a great watch - until you find out ... You may `` think '' kinetic means you do n't need to replace the battery . Well , the charging device that 's internal to the watch loses its capacity to charge in about 3 years -LRB- of course , after warranty expires -RRB- . Only way to `` repair '' is to send off to Seiko repair -LRB- you just ca n't replace a battery -RRB- . This `` feature '' is not in the manual - you find out when you call Seiko repair . Otherwise a 5-star watch , this Seiko `` feature '' , requiring periodic send back at your expense , means this watch -LRB- and those like it -RRB- are a RIP OFF .
 When I recived the watch in the mail the battery that was in it was drained and the extra battery they sent with it was the wrong size . Worthless
 These watches were listed when we searched for waterproof watches . Did n't expect it to last forever , but it completely died after the first 5 minutes in the ocean . Was using it on our honeymoon as an easy , low-profile waterproof watch since we were abroad and did n't have cell phones to tell the time . Did n't live up to ANY expectations .
 I 've owned three because I really like the look and feel of them , but the band on all three broke within three months . Their packaging promotes a one-year warranty , but I 've emailed Hogwild and also gone ahead and just sent the watches back to them -LRB- two months ago -RRB- and have never heard a peep . I wore them all the time , and they are waterproof , but even though I never stressed the bands by taking them off and on often , all three broke within 90 days .
 Ordered `` Assorted Colors '' thinking it was what was pictured - many bands - but no . It 's just one . A purple one . Awesome.Not to mention the watch comes activated which means my battery life is already drained .
 Looks interesting , but why does Seiko limit the stopwatch mode to only 45 minutes ? That makes it next to useless in timing runs , hikes and Nordic walks . Could get better functionality in that respect with a watch 1/10 the price of this one .
 I like to collect watches that are appealing and have special features . This is one of those watches when I first came across it . It looks nothing like anything else . It has a tunnel shape but yet looks high-tech . Definitely looks great on the wrist as well as different . It has a special feature in that it uses quartz technology powered by wrist movement . Wow . But it requires a lot of initial movement to start it . In the manual it says 500 times side by side plus 200 more times . That is nuts ! I not going to shake a watch that many times . If I do that , I 've done my gym workout for the entire week . I usually like to let the chronograph run forever especially on a watch that requires no battery but the timer does not restart after 45 mins while the chronograph hand keeps moving ... do n't understand that . Also , letting the chronography run forever is an enormous energy strain and will require a lot of shaking to recharge . Kinetic technology does n't quite work as nice as Citizen 's Eco-Drive . I also have Citizen 's top-of-line Calibre 9000 and that is a truly awesome watch . Basically as long there is light , it keeps charging , no movement required and the energy will store as long as 6 months , same as Kinetic but minus the workout !
 Bought this winder March of 2007 , one side stopped working in Dec. rotated between watches every other day . The side that stopped working began working out of the blue ine day then two weeks later stopped working for good . SAVE YOUR MONEY . DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK !!!!!
 I bought this item and it worked quite well for 8 months and then died . Not even close to my expectations .
 Bought this item in November of 2007 and it lasted until April 2008 . When it worked it was quiet and did the job well . I just wish it would have lasted longer ...
 Two words , caveat emptor , latin for &#34; Let the buyer beware &#34; . I have a Tag sport watch , pretty heavy in weight . The left motor failed on me after a good 3 months , I think because it could not support the weight . The price is nice . The design is pretty neat . It 's just a waste of time having to deal with the manufacturer to fix it for an item that essentially only cost under $ 40.00 . Pass on this watch winder . Go with something a bit more expensive . Just my opinion ...
 It looks like metal but do not be fooled . It feels and works cheap . It lasted 3 months and one of the dials is inoperative . The second dial roars like a factory machine . I expect it to fail shortly . This product is a disgrace for Amazon to be associated with .
 Not a very good product . Inability to automatically rotate in two directions and inability to change rotation programming or timing are weak points of the product . Also one of two winders already malfunctions after just a month or less of use . Can not recommend to friends .
 worked well , quietly , but as with the other posts it 's as if a very short lifetime is designed into it . Mine had a sudden death at around 5 months . I will try a more expensive one next .
 If your watch does n't `` fit in '' the one-size compartment provided here , the watch will wobble and interfere with the turning mechanism.The rotation speed too fast for some watchesVery short-lived for me ; it broke within a year.Invest in a more sturdy , reliable piece .
 Perhaps I am not using the product correctly . There are no instructions enclosed within the product . Although I have placed both of my automatic watches within the winder and the winder does rotate for an hour and then rests for 3 hours , both of my watches still need to be wound when I want to use them . I do not understand why the product does not keep the my automatic watches going . So the product works but it does n't keep my watches wound .
 Exellent service from mailing company for an unreliable product . The Tech Swiss Double Automatic Watch Winder I received recently did not work at all , so I contacted the company and received an immediate replacement which worked rather loudly for 3 days and died ! I Give Up !!!
 I 've had 2 ... both stopped working after 3 weeks . Cheap price for a watch winder , but it is all plastic and both units did n't function for more then a month ... stay away .
 I have bought this item last year , and now only one motor is working and the other one is not , and it produces light noise at night when it is rotating .
 The product is very noisy ; and I must keep it in a room where no one sleeps . I would n't buy again .
 does not keep my Rolex winded , it is ok as I have other kinetic watches and it works ok with them .
 Product initially worked but one of 2 motors burned out within 4 months . Remaining motor has become more noisy recently , so I expect it will fail as well .
 De plastico pero por el precio no importa . Lo importante es su funcionamiento y aposte por este modelo a pesar de otros comentarios negativos porque pense que necesitando solo uno tengo el doble de oportunidades de obtener un producto duradero.Veamos cuanto dura el lado izquierdo .
 I learned my lesson on this watch winder , I needed a winder as I own several automatic watches and if you like to rotate the watch you wear every few days a winder is a must.So if you need a winder spend the extra money and buy a good one , not this one ! I had this winder for two weeks and it stopped so I sent it back to the manufacturer they had it three weeks and when I got it back one side worked and the other did not . After this I decided not to waist any more money shipping this unit back to the manufacturer again.I purchased a higher end model that was substantially more money but so far seems to be much higher quality . Also I kept using the other unit 's one good winder and a week later it stopped also!I would not recommend this winder , it is very low quality and not even worth the low price .
 Tech Swiss Double Automatic Watch Winder With Built in Timer Rotates 1 Hour and Rests 3 Hours.I bought this winder in January 2007 . After a few days it became so noisy that I have to move it out of our bedroom . In August it stopped working . Do n't waste your money
 Bought this unit seven months ago and one of the motors locked up , burning out the timing circuit .
 You get what you pay for ! I bought this item last October and it is dead in February . Look elsewhere .
 When I first found this product , I read the poor reviews and told myself `` eh , the only people who 'll be posting reviews are the ones who have issues with the product anyway . '' I only needed this item for a single watch , so even if it `` half failed '' , it would still serve its purpose -LRB- without breaking the bank too ! -RRB- . I was wrong . Within 15 minutes , the device went from running silent and smooth to noisy and rough . After one week , the left side failed . After two and a half weeks , the whole device failed.Please do not even waste your time taking a risk and trying this product out . Try something else.OTHERWISE , if you do plan on taking a risk : It has a decent plastic build quality . Nothing seems loose and nothing squeeks . However , it uses thin plastic and it feels very cheap in the hand -LRB- and its very light -RRB- . It has a switch to `` reverse '' the motion of winding . This was tested with a Seiko Self-Winding watch and a Tiffany `` Mark '' watch . Both were always `` on time '' . It worked well when it worked . . . WHEN it worked.Be warned , this product has a high failure rate .
 Less than one year old and already one motor has burned out . Now only one side of the winder works .
 Tech Swiss Double Automatic Watch Winder With Built in Timer Rotates 1 Hour and Rests 3 Hours.Who warranties a warranty replacement ? No one ! After the replacement quits you must purchase a new item to once again have a warranty . WHAT A SCHEME ! I purchased this unit in July 07 ' and it died in December . A week after I received the warranty replacement ... IT DIEDTo the 2 out of 8 people that my previous review helped I must apolgize for a serious lapse in judgement when I gave the winder a pristine review . It was one that lasted almost a year that was exactly the same winder but had a different name on it . CAVAET EMPTOR ... BUYER BEWAREIf it 's worth $ 50 for what might only be 1 week of service ? That is the decision that you personally make . Take it from me , one more time , I was totally wrong , the manufacturer 's address is China and I 'm beginning to wonder how it is that a country that used to lead the world in everything is NOW being led , and led on ... I do applaud the valiant effort of Silva at Watch Material for having the warranty replacement at my doorstep in record time . BUT , one week later the replacement died ! Whether it 's vertical or horizontal , they are one in the same , cheap , but well engineered ... to fail , and very disposable to many at $ 40 - $ 50 . That is a mistake that I wo n't soon make again . Most of these reviews are made shortly after the customer gets the product and sees that it works . Give it a while , I gave it almost a year and a half . That makes this review credible and hopefully helpful . I am wearing 2 watches every day until I can find , and be able to afford , a dependable unit , hopefully made by the best craftsmen in the world . I would like to say the good old USA , but that is yet to be decided . I fought and nearly died for my country and now it 's financially perverted , all about money , and how it can be taken from you . TECH SWISS of China will not get another penny from this student of the new economy . May our LORD bless and guide you through your every day
 The watch winder that I received looked like a godsend , all the others that i viewed were expensive , then I stumbled on this one . I got it about two weeks later and now I realized why it was so cheap in price because it is cheap in product also . This winder does not wind my watches at all nor does it spin for the time it says , I feel ripped off
 We had our watches cleaned by a professional jeweler who offered a free Tech Swiss watch winder with each cleaning . We 've gone through 4 of the dual winders -- and none of them worked more than a week or two . The jeweler was no help either . I 've just boxed the last two and hope to return them to him and try to negotiate something with him.Don ' t waste your money or your time . This is a crappy product .
 I had ordered this to consolidate a couple of my watch winders . It was broken within a few weeks . At this point , it is only a dust collector that holds 2 non automatic watches . I guess you get what you pay for .
 Do n't waste your time and good money , spend more and get something that will work for more than 3 months .
 Makes a lot of noise and broke after a couple of months . Buy a more expensive one ... its a waste of money !
 noisy as heck and stopped working after 3 weeks.You get what you pay for . . I wish I could have given it NO STARS
 Bought this item because of the price ... I regret I did everyday because I got what I paid for ... cheap material non-lasting piece of equipement . It came dead on arrival -LRB- DOA -RRB- , got it repaired and it lasted four months . BEWARE !!!
 I would highly recommend NOT purchasing this product for the following reasons : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The winder motors are extremely loud . So loud in fact , that my wife insisted that the winder be moved out of our bedroom because it woke her up whenever the motors turned on . -LRB- 2 -RRB- I purchased the winder in June of 2006 and one of the winder motors died within 1 year ... the second motor quit working within 2.5 years .
 does n't appear to charge the watch movement at all ; maybe a continuous and/or high speed setting would work.I wasted the money for this product.Tech Swiss Double Automatic Watch Winder With Built in Timer Rotates 1 Hour and Rests 3 Hours .
 I 've owned a fairly heavy Seiko Kinetic for several years and recently had it repaired when it began having trouble holding a charge . To avoid problems with my reenergized time piece , I decided to invest in a winder . After comparing online prices and reading dozens of reviews , I thought I had found a reasonably priced solution to keep my Seiko moving . This winder does everything it 's supposed to do -LRB- spin , stop , reverse , etc. -RRB- but ca n't provide sufficient motion to activate the charging mechanism inside my heavyweight watch . Unfortunately , my kinetic may have made it 's final sweep around the dial . On the bright side , I now have a winder that I can only hope does a better job with my NEXT automatic watch .
 The watch winder I received was missing brand name and the gear inside the winder is making a lot of noise which I can live by .
 Bought this winder in February 2007 and it died June 2007 . Like another reviewer said `` you get what you pay for '' . Complete piece of Chinese made junk . Spend the bucks and buy a decent winder .
 The watch winder is very quiet and inexpensive . However , the quality is suspect - one side stopped rotating after a week . You probably get what you pay for . Too much hassle and does not make economic sense to ship back and incur international shipping charges .
 Horrible motor . . My product broke within first 1 week . . then i got a replacement and that broke after another week . Just stops winding .
 Product stopped working within two weeks ... too noisy when it was working . What a waste of money !
 I received mine today , it is not the same one shows in the picture . I tried to open my Tissot and SOLVIL et TITUS , no luck at all .
 So beware , for regular size watch 's only . Will not open a Marine Star , or anything bigger .
 The bits keep falling out of the holder . I can not use it at all . When I have the handle up-side-down to insert the bits , it 's fine . Then I have to turn it down-side-up in order to put it over the watch . One of the bits fell out from the handle . without one of the three , I can not open the watch case . Totally useless . It did n't come with the wooden box . It came with a cheap blue plastic holder without the cover . It 's just a plastic case with holes for the bits and a longer hole for the handle . It 's only half the length of the whole handle .
 I guess this is a love it or hate it item . I hated it and I sent it back . It did n't come with any instructions . I guess I got a different tool than the people that said it was easy and wonderful . I 'm a college grad and I could n't figure it out . I emailed the company and they sent me directions but they talked about a vice . . what vice ? and how it opened up . . it did ? The pins had no way to stay in place . Too frustrating and it did n't open a thing . You know what did open my watch ? A sharp knife ! Worked like a charm and it was free !
 Look like a sturdy tool . Does not look like waterproof . I found moisture in the plastic that wraps the tool and trace of rust though it appeared to have been rubbed with oil .
 This product is poorly made . The pins fall out as you hold it face down . The other reviews are correct in that you have to hold it upside down to prevent the pins from falling out . Do n't buy this . Go to Wal Mart and get one for three bucks in the watch department and save your money .
 I was able to open one watch with this . The rest I fought for hours trying to get the pins to stay when i went to unscrew the back . do n't waste your time with this . i 'm ready to throw mine in the garbage .
 I 've always considered myself mechanically adept but I had trouble using this tool . The instructions need a great deal of work . My advice to the manufacturer would be to develop a fixed device that I have seen work on jeweler 's benches . Also , to be more effective , the heads should consist of a two-sided static pieces and two sides that can be adjusted . Oh , and you will want to fix the base from up and down movement . Otherwise , the watch merely squirms away from the wrench , as it does now.I would not buy this wrench again.If this review was helpful , please add your vote .
 The product is very poorly made . The bits do n't fit very well into the tool and the verticle handle adjustment is very sloppy and loose.However , the customer service was excellent when I contacted them and an immediate refund was issued .
 Ok the tool looks real cool in that wooden box with the inserts each in a little hole . What I was shiped was in a paper box with the tools in a little paper box.Sorry - not as represented!As far as the tool goes - I feel riped off and I 'm returning it .
 It is constructed nicely , however I could not open any of my watches with it . The pegs kept falling out of the box . Hard to work with .
 you ca n't use this watch opener alone . You need a vise to hold the watch . The gromets that go into the opener that are supposed to fit into the watch back grooves do not stay in . As soon as you turn it over they fall out . I 've already lost two of them . It 's a poorly made item , and if it wold n't cost about as much to return it as keep it I would return it .
 I find this tool to be rather useless in most cases . It can really open only one type of watch back . The design may be `` conceptually '' right , but it really is not workable . I have at least a dozen watches , that belong to the family members , that needs battery change but I could only open 1 of them . Plus if you have an expensive watch , do not use this tool . It can scratch up the sides and the back . At least this has been my experience.I am not very impressed . Thing is I do n't know what else is out there that I can use . The construction of the tool seems to be robust , but it really does not work or work only for very specific watches .
 I could not figure out how to get the pins to stay in the slots , which negated every other positive aspect of this tool . It looks good , has a nice case , feels nice to the touch , and comes with 4 types of pins . However , the slots have small protrusions that prevent the pins from sliding in securely . There were no instructions , also .
 I received my watch case wrench today but without a single key included . Nothing but the wrench was shipped . Obviously , without the key inserts , the wrench is nothing more than a paperweight . Now I will have to order another wrench but I assure you that it will not be from Paylak .
 This watch has been around for a long time and it 's great for distance runners -LRB- big numbers , big buttons -RRB- . My first one died earlier this year and I bought another one . After one run , the face fogged up and eventually the LCD died -LRB- within one day -RRB- . I returned the watch and got another one , and first day out with it exactly the same thing happened . I think that there is a design or manufacturing problem with the current run of these watches . If they fix it , it 's a great watch ; if not , stay away .
 Bought this watch for my husband because he has sport watches and I wanted him to have a dressier one for the holidays Unfortunately , it began to lose time from the first day we received it . Too bad -- it 's a nice-looking watch -- but when it comes to watches , looks are n't everything . I 'll have to return it .
 This watch is for a child not an adult -- it looks like a mini-me version of a swatch . I returned it immediately upon receipt and was really bummed because I love swatch . I could barely close the strap on the first hole . Unless you 're buying this for a 10 or 11 year old girl at most , do n't get this !
 This looks fine and keeps adaquate time but the hands are the same color as the background and it is difficult to read in broad daylight and impossible to read in reduced light .
 Not actually a 24 hour face . Cheap quality . Ok if you do n't want a watch that lasts 5 years minimum . Nylon strap wears out within 6 months , watch battery did not last a year where I 've had comparably priced watches last two or three at least . Dropped the worthless thing on the side of the road in Iraq .
 The size is smaller than i was hoping for but kept excellent time.The piece that has the hours printed on it have shifted and then 11 is where the 12 should be.Good water Resistance .
 -- Proscheapdecent mechanismlightweighteasy to read face -- Cons.strap is CRAP . Very cheap nylon . Just get a different one.the `` dial '' on the side to adjust the time is so hard to pull out . feels very fragile . . The face is really small . I dont need a huge face , but this is for teens/womenI dont recomend this . pay more for a better watch .
 So I should 've known that I 'd get what I paid for . Upon the first day of wearing this watch , the second hand stopped moving within the first two hours , the cheap plastic face cracked . The packaging the watch comes in is worth more . And to boot , the face is really small , and I have big wrists so all in all it was a bad purchase .
 The watch did not work when it arrived . I put in a new battery and it worked for a few hours and stopped . All this happened in less than 24 hours . What a rip off and I will never buy from this seller again .
 The bracelet is rather bulky and of poor quality . The fabric coating of some sort on the bracelet seems to attract stains rather easily . The diamonds on this watch are of low quality and brillance -- they do not sparkle !
 The watch arrived with a dead battery . A new one showed the watch is broken anyway . The chronograph functions would not center or work . Stuck hands . The watch also had many scratchs on the side with the LeVian name . This was a total failure . Still waiting for my money back . It 's obvious this was sold and returned without Amazon checking the watch out . More dissapointed in Amazon than the overpriced broken watch .
 I did not purchase this watch through amazon but have owned it for over 5 years . I have had multiple issues with parts of the band falling out . You cant see in the picture online but there are parts that are only glued on to the band . The same part has fallen out twice . When I sent it back to be serviced Movado had my watch for over 2 months because the part wasnt available or on backorder . I didnt send it back the second time and just left it with the peice missing . At another time the watch stopped working so I sent it back to have the battery changed . I was told that the watch required movement service and it would cost between $ 250 - $ 300 . I didnt expect this many issues from such an apparently `` High End '' expensive watch . The only reason I gave it 2 stars is that the appearance is very sharp . That being said I would never buy another Movado , nor would I advise anyone else to.Update
 I had the same problem as the other reviewer except it happened to me multiple times . 3 times I had to send the watch back to get repaired .
 I 've had two of these watches in two years . I like the looks and the functionality , but the reliability seems to be lacking . In the first one , the sweep second hand quit after a couple of days . That one was replaced under warranty . The second one lasted almost two years , and then died . I thought it was the battery , but when I went to have it replaced , it still would n't work . When they tested the old battery , it still had almost a full charge . Neither watch was ever abused . Maybe just bad luck , but two in a row ?
 If you are looking at this watch mainly for the temperature sensor I would think again . It is quite poor and rarely accurate . It says in the manual that to you need to take your watch off for 30 seconds to get an accurate reading . Right now the watch I am wearing says it is 90F in a living room that is 76F . In the water it seems to be more `` accurate '' but takes some time to register so you will have to have your hand in the water for a while to get a temp . The manual also says that you should not push any buttons under water so make sure you set your watch to constantly display the temp -LRB- instead of the date -RRB- ahead of time.The tide bevel on the top is not really helpful at all . Check the tide online or on your Palm with tidetool . The bevel is really just for looks ; you turn it and it points to the oppisite side of the watch telling you that the next tide is 5-7 hours away . I trust you can figure that out without manually turning a rough piece of plastic . Mostly it just scratches my wife since it sticks out so much.Overall , it is an attractive large watch with a mesh and velcro band that , as usual with that type of band , gets a little funky after some constant wearing . If you are looking for something to tell the temp , get a little thermometer keychain at a camping or ski shop and get a watch that is n't as thick .
 Do n't buy this watch , it 's pretty much useless for telling the temperature . It 's always off by 10 to 15 degrees . The only way to get an accurate reading is to take it off , and per my experiments , it will then take over an hour to settle to an accurute reading.I wanted to use the watch while skiing . How can you take it off and put it down for an hour ? I ca n't see it being used for any outdoor activity.The worst part ; the packaging and marketing do n't say you have to remove the watch , but it does say it in the product manual . Sure , Timex knew if they mentioned this up front , the watch would n't sell.By the way I bought Timex watches of this style for a few years until I finally gave up on them . They never last more than a year . The band always breaks . I 've had both cloth bands with the velcro and the plastic/rubbery ones . They last about a year . They do keep on ticking though !
 Length :
 Within 1 day of using this strap , the outside layer started coming off , to reveal a cheap , cardboard-like material underneath.I am extremely unhappy about this strap.It is totally worn out with just 1 day of use .
 It is very cheap , so do n't be disappointed when it breaks . I read a review before I bought it , warning that it would break , so I bought 2 . The tip of my first one broke the first time I used it . You may be better off paying a bit more and getting a better tool . If you plan to use it once , this may be good enough . If you like changing your bands often , look elsewhere .
 I purchased this tool for a single purpose - to remove the springpins from my Omega Seamaster and change the OEM bracelet to an aftermarket leather strap.The tool has a forked end specifically for this purpose , which may work on a hollow-link bracelet common on cheaper watches . However , on a high-end watch which utilized solid end link -LRB- SEL -RRB- bracelets , this tool is too large and brittle to do the job . In two tries , I broke off bother of the forked teeth , rendering the tool useless . It was extremely shocking how little torque the tool tolerated . It virtually shattered . I was later able to do the job quite well with the ridiculously-thin edge of an X-acto knife ... which did chip , but did n't shatter as this ` tool ' did.The pin-removal tool on the other end functioned as expected , although for the safety of one 's watch , a vise-type tool is preferred.The millimeter scale markings on the side of the tool were a pleasant surprise , as they are difficult to see in the online photo , and I was n't expecting them . They are good for quickly finding the correct distance between case lugs for band sizing.All in all , this would be a nice tool , but is made of very-low quality unhardened metal . Inexpensive is great , but there is definitely a threshold -- the tool must still be able to function , which this one does not . It may work alright on a watch with hollow end links ... but my testing was limited by the tool 's shattering the first time I used it . A version with a finer forked end made of hardened tool-grade steel would be much better .
 I received the product in a timely manner and I was eager to put it to use . The `` pin '' side immediately bent when I gently used it remove a loose pin from my watchband . I tried to gently bend it straight again and the pin just broke off . I think the steel used to build this tool is of very poor , cheap quality . Oh well , you get what you pay for .
 I bought this to help change the leather strap on a beautiful watch . The v-notched end was too thick to fit - I used my pocket knife instead . Maybe there 's a `` knack '' to it , but I did n't want to scratch my watch while practicing.The pointed end works very well for pressing in those tiny spring bars and the small , recessed auto-set buttons for which a ball-point tip is too big and a needle is too clumsy . But you probably have something around the house that would work just as well -LRB- mini-screwdriver , the point of a phillips head ... -RRB-
 The first time I tried to use it the pin broke ... and I was only using finger tip pressure straight down ... junk . The pin had less strength than the pencil lead for a Pentel mechanical pencil .
 Do NOT buy this tool . It is very cheap , made with with even cheaper metal and plastic . The tools themselves will NOT stay tight , come loose very easily and they break very easily.Two thumbs DOWN .
 I would n't recommend this for someone who has a lot of springs and straps to change . The tool feels very cheap and flims in your hand . When I pulled the tool of the box the pointed end was slightly bent -LRB- I was able to straighten it -RRB- . the tool functions ok and works for what I need it for . I cant imagine it lasting too long .
 Do n't buy this tool . It is cheap and hardly worth the effort to purchase it especially since the shipping is so ridiculous for this . Buy something of higher quality . Mine broke on the first use .
 I bought this item a month ago because I needed some of my watches ' bracelets shortened . Immediately when I got it , I tried it out and thought it was a pretty good product . After using it on a second watch bracelet , the needle -LRB- the part used to push out bracelet springs -RRB- broke off . It 's a good thing I purchased a back up spring bar . If you want this product , then go ahead and purchase it because it 's cheap , but be ready when it breaks . I suggest you order at least two to save on shipping .
 This did n't work . It immediately broke . I ended up using a very small screw driver and that did the job .
 The pin on the end broke the first time I used it . It went in , released the pin and when I pulled it back , the tip stayed in the watch hole . The other end , the forked pry tool is too big for anything other than a 1970 's era pulsar LED watch . Next time I will get a Bergeon brand .
 The band was too much for the grade of plastic used for this tool . The plastic and metal broke . Seller was more than happy to replace or whatever was needed to resolve the problem .
 For the price of this item , it 's alright.Metal used seems low grade.The fork is large and useful for watch bands like Seiko divers . The push pin works but seems soft and can be bent.Calibration on the ruler is accurate though.Ergonomics are right and would give the novice user confidence to work on a easy to reach push pin.Hobbyist and pros might want to spend the extra money on a tempered steel tool at 10 times the price .
 As a watchmaker I know that this tool is terrible . It is large , unwieldy and the end bits are brittle and poorly finished . They will either snap off or scratch the watch . If used incorrectly you can damage the shoulders of the watch and this comes with no instructions on how to use it most effectively . The gauge may look useful but you wo n't use it on a regular basis . This may seem like a simple , inexpensive little hand tool , but it is more trouble than it is worth and you 'd be better off spending a little more on a more refined tool if you wish to regularly swap straps at home.Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page .
 First time I used the tool on a Citizen Eco-Drive watch band . It worked great when I resized the band . The second time I used it on a Seiko Jubilee watch band . The pins on the Seiko watch band were much tighter than the Citizen watch band . I had to remove two links , which meant 4 pins had to be removed . I bent the tip of the tool on the second pin and it progressively got worse on each subsequent pin until the tip broke off . Do n't feel too bad since it did n't cost very much .
 cast pot metal MIM material , broke second time I used it , tips will break off easily , spend more get a better made product , nice tool as far as design and concept . Good vendor , they are accurate and ship fast . Would not buy again . If you do n't know what MIM is look it up on Google , it 's an inexpensive way to make cast metal products , this is not a precision milled product from forged steel like I thought it would be . Cheapo import
 i have Luminox watch . the factory pins are spring loaded on one side only , the Paylak spring bar remover did n't quite work very well ... in fact , it pretty much tore-up the lip thing that it 's designed to compress to allow the pin to free itself from the hole where it &#34; sits &#34; . i 'm no engineer , but i think the &#34; v &#34; shaped end -LRB- designed to release the pin -LRB- s -RRB- -RRB- is a bit too thick -LRB- in my judgment -RRB- , and as a consequence , too &#34; beefy &#34; for intricate work on a $ 400 + watch . after much fuss , i finally used needle nosed pliers and simply pulled the pins out with force -LRB- thus , trashing the pins which had to be replaced , which , in turn , seems to render the product useless -RRB- . otherwise , it 's sturdy , well built , etc. but could use a &#34; re-design &#34; to accommodate the tight area involved w / its application -RRB- . on the plus side , seller was reliable / good nonetheless - i 'd give them 5/5 stars .
 This did n't work as well as I thought it would . I tried to put a rubber dives band on my seiko kinieic and it I could get it on . I read a review on the seiko kinitec and the guy said it was difficult to do and I 'm a believer , so that could be part of the problem . I 'd get the smaller ss one for better handling .
 Have bought this watch for the last three years . The last two started getting slower and slower.Changed batteries did not help very dissapointed !
 This watch is very pretty , has the INDIGLO light that I love , and its band is not too small like some watch bands I have tried . However , other reviewers stated it is hard to read . They are right . I feel like I might as well look at the location of the sun to estimate what time it is . I 'm going to have to buy a different watch . Wish I had saved my money .
 I am a big fan of Timex and will buy only watches with Indiglo . I found this one very hard to read , and the strap is too long for my wrist . But the biggest problem is that after five days it stopped running . Note that the Amazon product description says water resistant to 30 meters . I wore this watch in the shower one time -- I did not immerse it , merely got it wet a little . A lot of condensation built up on the inside of the face , and it stopped working about an hour later . Buyer beware . This watch is NOT water resistant .
 I bought this watch as a gift because it is so pretty . I liked it so much I bought myself one a few months later.I accidentally dropped the watch this morning -LRB- on the carpet from a short distance ! -RRB- after wearing it for only about 3 months , a link broke , and it is unwearable.Not very long-lasting or sturdy for the rather expensive price of $ 95 !!!! I must say that I miss it already and am quite upset about this .
 This is a badly designed watch for an adult . From a functional point of view
 I purchased this watch for a friend as a gift , he was elated , initially . His wife thought it so nice that he should not wear it but rather put it away to pass down to his son . The problem with the watch was , there was no fine adjustment in the strap , so the watch was either to lose and turning on his wrist , or , too tight . I was heart broken . The watch now sits in a drawer somewhere and I imagine his son will see it soon anyway .
 This item does not work with Timex Indiglo watches . I 'm very disappointed and am returning this item . If you have a Timex Indiglo , find another watch case opener .
 Did n't work for either a Timex watch or a Kenneth Cole watch . These at on very tight -- also tried -LRB- and failed -RRB- to open with an oyster knife .
 It would n't open difficult-to-open snap-back cases in my watch collection . For the few cases it would open my trusty snap-back case knife worked better . I also noticed in one case it left a nice gouge in the case , unlike the knife . I returned mine , it was a lousy tool .
 Unfortunately , did n't work for me . I could n't open any of the several watch cases I tried that tool on -LRB- even after reading instructions and watching some youtube video -RRB- . I think the tip is just not sharp enough to get between the case and the cover . It might work for some watches if you sharpen the tip , but if you are not careful you can easily scratch the case , damage your watch or hurt yourself with this tool . I found that a knife - watch case opener does much better job and easier and safer to use as well . I rarely return my orders , but I had to return that one .
 this is the second watch ive purchased from this seller . both have been bad . i knew something was wrong immediately after receiving package , as I could hear loose parts rattling around the box . upon opening , I discovered the clasp was in pieces and one pin was damaged . Took to local jeweler and he repaired the watch for 15 dollars . I tried unsuccesfully to repair it myself first . sure I could have returned both of these watches , but I like the style and didnt need extra hassel of repackaging and waiting for return/credit on a 39 dollar watch . when I buy something online , I at least expect it to initally work before breaking . previous watch has a defect in the hour chime , it just stays one long annoying beep until you re-do settings . also , battery went dead on first watch not even 3 weeks after receiving , which meant additional expense as well . this seller has great `` as is '' watches , just be prepared to spend additional money on them after receiving . customer service was however friendly , which gets this mess one star
 WARNING
 Watch was great until my battery finally died after 3 years . Bought a battery to change myself but the watch does not resest , it DIES . I do n't understand why one has to take this watch to a jeweler to change the battery ? In any event , I am NEVER buying a Timex again . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS WATCH .
 The watch is fine , but the watchband is resin -LRB- plastic -RRB- and like others I have owned , break within a year or so from normal flexing . Mine did and I can not find a replacement band in stores or online . Thus 2 stars because the watch works , the band does n't .
 The watch is much smaller than I thought it would be and did n't work . I had to return it .
 I really like the look of the watch but I accidentally hit it on a door frame and the crystal chipped . Timex wo n't repair broken crystals .
 this is the first time i am disappointed with Amazon.I received this watch there was some problem , so i raised a concern the amazon team responded quickly and replaced the order . I got the replacement watch but there were some scratches on the glass -LRB- seems like not the fresh piece -RRB- . The buttons on the watch are very hard to press , never had such kind of issues with my other Timex , fossil & citizen watches i have . the crono alignment is not good , the second bar alignment is not accurate
 Unfortunately this is the precise type of model for which TIMEX has been branded -LRB- unfairly I believe -RRB- as a sub-par producer of watches.CONS :1 -RRB- This watch is busy
 To get the depth of the `` look '' , this watch had to be thick - - much too thick for me.Otherwise it runs ok .
 This is the third Timex I 've had in two years . The first was a different model , I lost the reciept , and was afraid to send it in and have them accuse me of wrong doing because the replacement was more than the watch cost and they wanted $ 8 shipping in advance and my credit card -LRB- like that was going happen -RRB- . I was washing my car and got it wet . I immediately took it off and laid it on my porch i the sun . Apparently the Water Resistent to 30M means if water is closer than thirty meters away the watch will fog up and eventually die . I opened that watch and completely dried it several times and the seal looked fine . If it was foggy outside the watch fogged up LOL and no I 'm not kidding . And BTW the watch was covered up in a coat sleeve.This particular unit also lasted about 3 months and now the light no longer works . I replaced the battery and it still wont light up . The light is a must for me . I have another watch that I love but no light . So I get this one which I also really really like and it lasts a couple months . Still keeps time but you ca n't read it in low light . I do n't know if I want to burn $ 8 only to have it die again in three months . I take care of my stuff too ! And this is not the only watch I wear . I 'm very disappointed.I 'm almost afraid to wear the other one and I now worry about the Timex I got for my wife . Its probably going to get malfunction , charge up a capacitor inside , and sting her like a taser or something crazy like that.Don ' t waste your time with it .
 I got this not even 2 months and the thing just broke . No reason for it , just broke , the adjuster or whatever it 's called , when I was setting to advance my watch a few minutes ahead and I could n't do it and when I took off my watch to see what was wrong the thing just fell out.DON ' T BUY
 This watch looks nice , but I wore it into the pool twice and moisture got inside the crystal . The whole watch failed about a week later . I was very disappointed .
 I found only one problem . The second hand does n't move at sometimes . And then again after 1-2 days it starts moving all by itself ?!!
 Excellent Service . Received it sooner than expected and the watch was excellent ; as described on Amazon.ZG
 I brought this watch few days back , and it does not come with Instruction Manual . It is like getting a little complex machine with out Instruction Manual . What do any do with it ?? Just try couple of options . I did the same . I could turn very few functions , but not the one which I brought this watch for . -LRB- which is using it for alarm -RRB- I also could not able to set Date . I could only able to set time . I hate any machine does not come with Manual , weather small or big -LRB- It is electronic gadget !!! -RRB- . Even though the watch looks OK , I still could not use the main feature of this watch , for which I brought.I ca n't give more than 1 star .
 I have just returned the second Timex Chrono Alarm Watch with an unreliable alarm after a few days/weeks of use . It just does n't sound every now and then , probably every once in 10 to 20 times , failure rate increases over time . A shame since the watch is very nice and keeps the time very accurately . We have had 5 Timex watches in the family over the past ~ 6 years . Out of those 5 , 3 had to be returned due to failures . The other two have run for ~ 4 and ~ 6 years with no problem now . While these two certainly provide a good value for the money , a success rate of 40 % is not very convincing and the idea to outsource quality control to the customer might be fashionable but will hopefully not turn out a successful business strategy after all .
 My past experience with Timex watches showed them to be reliable and tough . That 's why I ordered this one . I guess my tastes have changed . I bought about two dozen watches last year and nearly all of them were in the larger style that is currently popular.When this one arrived I was immediately struck by its comparatively small size -LRB- of the dial -RRB- . Because it seemed so small it looked very cluttered , what with three sub-dials crammed onto the small face . The color looked washed-out too.When I tried setting the watch the crown unscrewed and came off after very few turns . The final straw was when I tried it on
 I liked the looks of this watch and the reasonable price , but could n't decide between the black or the white model , so I ordered both . Neither of them worked correctly . The black watch had a DOA indiglo light . On both watches the chronograph would not reset automatically . Another reviewer recommended hitting the button at just the right moment to stop it . Come on , that is not the way it 's supposed to work . The instructions clearly state that it will reset to the proper position by itself.In addition , the date can only be advanced by moving the hour hand a full 24 hours for each day you want to advance . I 've had date watches for more than 40 years and the last time I saw that was in 1965 . On the other hand , if you 're not bothered by the above it is a very attractive watch at a reasonable price . I almost kept the white one anyway , but decided to send them both back .
 Bought this watch 34 days ago . Just 4 Days after return period expired the watch died . Just stopped working . Now I have to work thru the product warranty to get it fixed or replaced and that is a much more complicated process . Very unhappy for this type of watch to die in 34 days .
 AT PURCHASE TIME
 After purchasing this watch as a replacement for one of my other watch 's I kept it in a drawer for a few months before my other watch died . I love watch 's with both analog & digital time keeping capabilities . As an EMT I love the second hand on watch 's . However after my first watch of 3 years died -LRB- a walmart special -RRB- I put this one into use . After 11 days I noticed it was broken . Apparently while I was washing my hands the button to set the analog watch fell off and water made it into the watch . For 100 m water resistance it did n't last a simple hand washing let alone anything at depth . Very upset especially after hearing Timex 's logo for years . My first and last Timex I will ever buy .
 I have had three of these . everyone of them broke with in 3 months.first one , the digital went wacky and wouldnt work properly any more . i did a walmart exchange in it and got another this one had the analog adjustment pin fall out and fill with water . thinking it was just a fluke , i got yet another one via walmart exchange and again , the adjustment pin fell out.also the plastic adjustment bezel paint flaked off with in 2 weeks on ever one of them ive had . it wasnt a big deal because the color plastic its made of is the same color as the paint , but its still worth notingi love this watch and wanted very desperately for it to be good , but alas , it disappointed me not once , not twice , but 3 times before i finally said screw it and gave up on the exhanges .
 I bought this Timex Expedition to replace an Expedition that I 've had for 6 + years . My old one was sturdy and surprisingly took more than one bump I never expected . This one lasted less than a week before I broke off the crown -LRB- to set the time -RRB- when I was simply reaching into the refrigerator . I thought about making a warranty claim , but the apparent impact was just hard enough to scratch the plastic barrier designed to protect it . I could n't believe it . My last one did n't have the barrier , likely because it did n't need it . Timex has seriously sacrificed quality in pursuit of keeping prices low . I ordered a Casio G-Shock to replace my Timex .
 Ordered a Timex watch . Watch broke after one month . Emailed the company with no response . Will never buy from this vendor again . Big waste of time and money .
 I have always purchased Timex watches for my husband . He has always preferred them to any other watch brand . This watch was terrible , it does not keep time at all . He says that the watch is the worst ever . The Velcro does n't even stay shut and it feels cheap .
 The watch feels like a cheap $ 5 Walmart special and the band is very uncomfortable . It does it 's job , but really is n't the best option out there
 Velcro band has very small area of contact , so comes undone when swimming.I had this for about 6 months & it died . Only used in the pool , does n't appear to have any moisture in it , never depressed buttons underwater , does n't appear to be flooded or have moisture in it.Has features desirable for swimming & diving -LRB- SCUBA -RRB- such as large , easy to read dial , digital `` back-up -LRB- yet again , digital , back-lighting & analog quit all at the same time , so glad this happened on land -RRB- & that I never used it for diving.I 'm going to look for the old-style , single-button Casio watches that last roughly 5-6 years with extensive diving to 160 ' , routinely to 70 ' . I may have gotten a defective watch , but not impressed that both analogue & digital died together . I 'll be looking for a watch with a true back-up function or a very plain , simple watch again that 's more reliable for a back-up for my bottom-timer .
 This watch had everything I could need in a watch , but after changing the time for daylight savings the digital wo n't work anymore . The light button wo n't even work . I have had this watch for barely 4 months and now for 5 days my watch stays on 3-7 SA . The alarm goes off every morning at 8am . I never set it to . I ca n't change anything but the analog time . Thankfully it still runs .
 This is NOT a man 's watch ! The watch and the band are so small they would not even look masculine on a Homunculus ! And unlike the picture , the band is not a cloth weave . It is that cheap nylon with Velcro `` fur '' all around it . Looks stupid and is uncomfortable as all get out !
 I had this watch for about 2 years then the digital stopped the hands tick but the digital stopped not button response ... nothing . I thought timex were supposed to keep on ticking >> > LOL . I also feel that the hands were a it wide hart to see the digital part from any thirty . . i.e. . . 4:30 , 5:30 , 6:30 . . The hand block alot of the tiny screen . I like the band as others stated it was very comfortable . But he the whole watch feels chincy . the silever part that spins on top is very plastic , I wouldnt reccomend cause it broke . But maybe as a kids watch ?? /
 Timepiece delivers in terms of accuracy and wearability , very light . . Easy to read ... not that easy in the dark , the Indiglo has n't a very good performance ... Digital interface is not friendly at all , very hard to handle.I got to the pool , no buttons pressed and it got a lot of water inside , in a way that when wearing it you could see drops on the inside of the glass ... If you can afford something better -LRB- or a Casio -RRB- go for it . .
 Advertised as mens watch , but band was a max of 7 '' long.Watch came unmounted & loose in the box & with no instructions of paperwork.I rate this purchase a dead zero .
 overpriced for a cheap watch , feels cheap and the digital did not work upon receipt . Much better timex watches available for lower prices . this one looked rugged but was light and cheaply made . embarrassing for timex Im sure , must have been a chinese knockoff .
 This Timex watch -LRB- model T45221 -RRB- as described by Amazon
 I wanted a watch with large hands to easily see the time , that is OK . Would like the stopwatch and alarm but do not use them as it is very difficult to figure out how to use them . The alarm is actually set and goes off daily at 2:42 , I gave up trying to figure out how to turn it off . The instructions that came with it clearly do not match this watch . the night light works fine .
 Note that this watch is not at all water resistant . 8 months after purchase , it is fogging up on the inside , and the light no longer works . My son does n't swim or bathe with it , but I am sure it gets splashed on when he washes his hands .
 Purchased watch in April 2011 . Son wore it to our community pool a few times , display showed water damage and no longer works . With shipping cost and $ 7 service fee required under warranty , I might as well purchase a new watch . Would not buy again .
 The face on the watch was much too small . It looked like a child 's watch to me . Be sure to pay attention to the size , especially if your eyes are aging . Otherwise very pretty piece of jewlery . My experience with returning it was very pleasant .
 The watch bracelet sizing pliers is well built , but difficult to use . You can not see the pin on the pliars to make certain that is fits on the pin to remove it . Lucky that you get a spare pin , because I already bent the first one.I would not recommend this item .
 The company that shipped the product was great and I received it within a few days of order , but I was disappointed with the product because all 6 watches that I needed to size had average size bands and not one of them were small enough to use this tool . This tool is for very small bands ... I purchased a different tool from a different company for $ 3 and was able to size my watches with no problem .
 The pin broke with it 's first use . The spring does not stay in place for you to be able to use the product properly . I constantly had to be `` re-installing '' the spring so that I could use it . The replacement pin that comes with it was also as fragile as the first . Guess I got what I paid for .
 Got this for my 11 year old son for Christmas , and made him so frustrated . Looks great , has cool appeal to it , the bezel is giant - but when it comes down to it , the months are near impossible to read.The grids are distracting . The rotating face blocks the hour and or the minutes . It seems this is a `` night sky guide '' with no way of getting it lit in the dark to see where to turn the bezel . As a compass ? Well , if you were lost in the daylight ... good luck since the watch is made as a night time constellation guide . He wants to send this back asap . Might be cool for a student studying the sky , but not for a kid , who thought this could be a cool and useful tool .
 Was cool , really . I thought it was , anyway . But yeah , it sucks . The clock is kind of off , the planishpere thing sucks too . If you really want to know what 's in the sky , there 's an app for that DROID phone where you can point it to the sky and it 'll tell you which stars/planets/celestial bodies are . Way neater than this . Do n't bother buying this unless you have cash to spend and want to check this out.Honestly , I just gave this away instead of throwing it away .
 This item is not the same item when directed to the site . Also , the watch is out of stock and there is no purchasing information listed .
 PROS : - Good looking watch.-Fairly easy to use.-Love the fact that the watch face is twisted to make viewing it while I run easier.-The watch 's wrist band held up well , unlike the Swiss Army watches I 've had crack on me.CONS : - After only a month 's use , the plasic wrap that encases the watch itself started to detach and warp . It appears as though it was simply glued to the metal part of the watch . It 's now so warped that it looks terrible and makes it difficult to press the buttons along the side.-At 18 months , the watch has bugun to collect moisture inside . From diving deeper than its 100M rating , you ask ? No , from sweat and shower water . The digital display is now failing and I 'll soon have to throw the watch away like a piece of trash . That 's just unnaceptable , Nike .
 I like the watch and I use it on all my runs , but I never use all the features because the directions were so complicated that it 's hard to remember what button should be pushed when running on top of the fact that the reset button is poorly places , so once you get everything going as you want you stand a good chance of erasing your progress . Perhaps , I do n't really need this much watch , but it would be nice to easily use the features I 've paid for . The watch itself however looks nice on and is comfortable .
 This watch did n't work when I got it and then Amazon did n't have anymore of them when I returned it . Stay away ; get a Timex Ironman instead .
 Sucks for average peopleBand is dirty in moments.Band is sized for Barry Bonds and steroid prone humana or perhaps gorillasShould be stated in your promo ads.Disappointing and so isAmazon .
 I was intrigued by the description , `` Leather Watch '' . What I see is a steel watch with a leather band . What did I miss?Does the band make it a LEATHER WATCH ?
 After 5 months the back light went out . I 've had mine for 18 mos. , and the battery has gotten to where it wo n't hold a charge any more without being in full sun most of the day.I decided to give it another go because I love the atomic time feature . The new one fills with moisture . I 'll be looking for another brand . G-shock leaves a lot to be desired !!
 The Casio G Shock used to be a great watch !! I 've owned at least 5 of them over the years . -LRB- I climb telephone poles and go into manholes , so I 'm very hard on watches . -RRB- This one is a piece of JUNK !! So what , if it keeps Atomic time ? It requires light to charge the cell . I 'm not sure if an artificial light source will charge this watch . It did n't seem to charge mine . But , I do n't care . I 'll never buy a solar watch ever again !! The cell is less than a month old and it 's dead . Wait a minute , it 's charged up again . No , it 's dead again this morning.Someone else said it , `` there 's no countdown timer . `` The buttons are recessed , so unless you are a dragonlady with long fingernails , GOOD LUCK with the functions . Then there 's a feature that turns on the light in a dark place if you flick your wrist up to read the watch . The light comes on at all kinds of bizarre times when the lights are low and I 'm trying to watch something on TV . Then when I flick my wrist up in the dark because I need the light , it does n't come on . I have to push the light button . Someone said you can turn this feature off . That feature does n't work , because now the watch IS DEAD !! CASIO is NOW a BOTTOM LINE company . Their watches have gotten cheaper in quality over the years . The bands always need to be replaced and the watches are becoming JUNK !! I wo n't be buying a G Shock ever again !! Neither should you.BUY A TIMEX !! That 's what I did .
 I have owned G-Shocks for the past 13 years . This is my fourth watch . I found that with each new watch the quality of the product got worse and worse . This GW300 has been with me for the past 2 years . I love the watch but the back light is not working . So much for the solar panel ... This will be my last G Shock . Disappointed .
 Though rock-solid -LRB- I 've been bouncing it off my office wall for the last half an hour and it 's still not broken -RRB- the G-Shock 's solar batteries barely outlast the -LRB- one-year -RRB- warranty period . That 's not to mention that the replacement battery costs more than most watches . Now you see why I 'm bouncing it off the wall?Forewarned is on time
 I 've had the Nike Triax 100 for 6 weeks now and love everything about it . But while taking the watch off the other day , the wrist band strap came off from the watch . An examination shows that the plastic wristband is fastened to the watch with two tiny screws that while still secured to the watch , have pulled completely through the plastic wrist band . There was no reinforcement on the band ; just plastic . Of course this occured after the 4 week refund period . And the guarantee covers everything excep the battery , crystal and strap ... In the future I 'll examine Nike watches to make sure they have a real strap connected securely to the watch ...
 Just as the other reviewers said , the steel cross bar broke through the rubber band leaving me with a great pocketwatch but a poor wristwatch . The watch itself is great , and I 've had other great Nike watches , but the band is awful .
 I was very excited to find this watch because of the ` target ' time feature . The watch worked great until the watch band broke . I glued it because it was a great watch ... until the other side broke . Nike created a consumable watch . One year and you have to buy another watch . Terrible R & D.
 Nice looks and functions but due to the shape and button placement , the watch often changes functions from simple hand movements and that 's a problem when I 'm timing a run . The alarm bell is n't loud enough to wake me up even if I 'm wearing the watch . The little bump at the end of the band can make it a hassle to take off the watch .
 I purchased this watch on 8/6/08 . I am currently in Iraq and I needed a backup . I already own one similar to this one . I just wanted one on standby in case my battery died or another mishap . This watch that I purchased on Amazon died on 9/7/08 . It does n't work at all . I do n't know what happened . I only wore it 2-3 times because my other watch still worked . Watches are supposed to last longer than 30 days and this one did n't . I 'm not sure if its because I did n't buy it directly through NIKE or because I took the short cut . Nevertheless , I 'm still out of $ 40 + and I do n't have anything but a worthless watch to show for . I do n't recommend this product .
 this was n'ta good purchase . the skewed design made it feel like a big watch and it was constantly trying to prevent full flexibility of my hand backwards . it ended up breaking the pins . shame a sport watch to be cumbersome
 Problem # 1The design stinks . It is impossible to move your hand without putting the watch into a reset mode , and loosing all of your settings.Problem # 2The watch I got broke 8 hours into use.Problem # 3The customer service on this watch is horrible . The company my watch was purchased from -LRB- This was not Amazon itself , but through Amazon to the company named WatchZone -RRB- was the worst I have ever seen.Here is WatchZone 's return policy
 This might be a really good product . But we will never find out . Because it comes with `` directions '' that consist only of numbers and arrows . Apparently words are at a premium , because there are n't any . The arrows leave me spinning , and my tech-savvy children ca n't figure the directions out either , including on such basic processes as how to set the clock function . Which makes this product , well , pretty useless . It does have that cool Nike swoosh , though , and every evening at 10:28 p.m. it will look just perfect .
 Never received . I actually spoke with the store owner who said he 'd check his delivery records . Found the store -LRB- in my neighborhood -RRB- and they did NOT have the band advertised ! I was involved in other things and did n't pursue it further . Needless to say , the store owner never got back to me .
 I bought this watch for my son , who is almost 12 . It is nearly impossible to set it ... the instructions are VERY difficult to understand , and virtually worthless . I even took it to get a new battery and the guy told me it was one of the most diffcult watches to program he had ever seen . A cool watch ... but needs to be much easier to use , especially as it is aimed at kids .
 I received this watch for my birthday in June and it has already stopped working . It would n't stop making this buzzing noise . Something seemed to be stuck . When my mom took it to get it looked at it was going to cost more to fix it than to get a new one . No thanks ! I would n't get another .
 i loved this watch , it just looks like crap now . the clear coat like melted and i have never exposed it to high heat or left in the sun . i took very good care of it and it looks like junk . i would just buy a used one next time because it will show every ding and scratch you could possibly get . it is near impossible to take a link out and adjust the size . i emailed nixon about it and they never returned my email . this thing weighs a ton and i had to take it off after awhile to give my wrist a rest . it still is a unique watch and cool doesnt really mean comfortable . i had to take it off so often that i left it somewhere and somebody stole it . i may get another some day just to wear occasionally . the dark wood almost is black , id rather have gotten teak .
 the some of the stones fell out with in the first three months . I did love the two tone styling and the solar power battery . But with no way to replace the missing crystals it now sits in a drawer .
 Just received and promptly returned this watch . While it looks good , the band size might be 6 '' , might . I have a 61/2 '' wrist and if I would have closed the clasp -LSB- big if on that one -RSB- it would probably have cut off my circulation . If you have a very slender wrist it is possible this could work for you . I am an average size , not overweight person and this would n't fit me .
 Watch was bought as a Christmas -LRB- 2007 -RRB- present and was dead on arrival . We sent it back to Fossil on January 2nd and are still waiting for it . They claim `` it was lost in the shuffle '' . We have to verify everything over the phone - I 'm not sure their lousy customer service is worth the gamble .
 This is suppose to be a womens watch . Yes we like things big in Texas but , this is to big . It is not made for a women .
 I got this watch from amazon with the battery almost dead . I send a request to Amazon to exchange the watch but they told me that the watch was sold out and they can just return the money . I ask about if was posible change the battery with nike warranty . I never got an answer . Too bad Amazon ...
 I am very disappointed the Gucci watch I bought from your store does n't work and I need to return it .
 I have owned not one , but TWO of these watches.Pros :1 . Absolutely beautiful styling2 . The band holder - the band holder is a wonderful innovation from Nike . Never again will a band move because it pops out of the band holder .3 . Being able to reset back to the time mode by holding the mode button down no matter where you are in the sequence of functions - another nice innovation by Nike .4 . The band - this is a very comfortable , soft rubber band that wears easily on the wrist all day long.Cons :1 . Stopwatch takes a relatively long button press to reset2 . This watch is poorly made and simply is n't durable3 . Case is easily scratchedOverall I really love the styling and functions of this watch . HOWEVER , the buttons on my first Nike Lance 4 became screwed up after about four months of wear . The second Nike Lance 4 started to reset itself after about three months of wear.Two chances are all you get - I switched back to Casio for reliability !
 Received watch , removed from packing and found out that the watch did n't work . Seller told me to return and a replacement would be sent . Setter received and told me it would take a week or longer to mail replacement . I told them I thought this time was not fair , they had my money and I had no watch . Shortly after they informed me they were out of stock and would refund my money . They did!End of story I purchased a Timex from Fred Meyer
 Before I bought this watch , I did a lot of research on the offerings from Suunto , Polar and Nike , and finally ended up choosing the Lance 4 watch for my cycling-specific activities . And I have to say , my disappointment began within 2 minutes of opening the shipping box . Here are the three major ways this watch -LRB- and Nike itself -RRB- have failed me :1 -RRB- This is a complicated , multi-function instrument . But if you 're expecting a detailed instruction manual , forget it . What you get is an elaborate pictograph that illustrates which buttons to push . It skims over the setup procedure and many of the most important functions , and omits many features entirely .2 -RRB- Relative to the above complaint , I contacted Nike customer service about the setup . Since I 'm a cyclist , I was particularly interested in the altimeter function , and dismayed by how thin the `` manual '' is . The instructions say you can select a 60 - , 10 - or 2-second sampling rate of the barometric pressure in order to determine altitude . What it fails to mention is what the ramifications are for choosing one over the other ? Is one more accurate . Does one use more battery power ? We 'll apparently never know , because Nike 's customer service failed to answer the question . While they admitted that they had received several complaints about the manual -- and were considering writing a new one -- they simply sidestepped my question about the altimeter function in their email reply .3 -RRB- And then there 's the performance of the watch itself . In most cases it 's impressive -- that is , in every case except the one for which I purchased it
 Before I bought this watch , I did a lot of research on the offerings from Suunto , Polar and Nike , and finally ended up choosing the Lance 4 watch for my cycling-specific activities . And I have to say , my disappointment began within 2 minutes of opening the shipping box . Here are the three major ways this watch -LRB- and Nike itself -RRB- have failed me :1 -RRB- This is a complicated , multi-function instrument . But if you 're expecting a detailed instruction manual , forget it . What you get is an elaborate pictograph that illustrates which buttons to push . It skims over the setup procedure and many of the most important functions , and omits many features entirely .2 -RRB- Relative to the above complaint , I contacted Nike customer service about the setup . Since I 'm a cyclist , I was particularly interested in the altimeter function , and dismayed by how thin the `` manual '' is . The instructions say you can select a 60 - , 10 - or 2-second sampling rate of the barometric pressure in order to determine altitude . What it fails to mention is what the ramifications are for choosing one over the other ? Is one more accurate ? Does one use more battery power ? We 'll apparently never know , because Nike 's customer service failed to answer the question . While they admitted that they had received several complaints about the manual -- and were considering writing a new one -- they simply sidestepped my question about the altimeter function in their email reply .3 -RRB- And then there 's the performance of the watch itself . In most cases it 's impressive -- that is , in every case except the one for which I purchased it
 I agree with other reviews , that this is a difficult piece to master . The altitude dirfts from -150 to +250 feet per day . I live at 5005 feet in elivation and have to set the watch at least once a day to keep it accurate . The temperature function is always off . The compas seems to work well . All of this is nothing compared to the time when it became necessary to replace the battery -LRB- less than one year with both watches -RRB- . I did n't have the necessary special tools to replace the battery . Replacing the battery was a major accomplishment . I could not get the first watch to work after replacing the battery . The second watch quit working when the factory battery failed and I finally threw it away , as I had done with the first one . If you want to buy a watch that will work for the life of the factory battery only , this is the one for you .
 I love this product , but only when everything works as it should . Although there are some flaws in the design that can make it difficult to use in certain circumstances , I 'm generally happy with this product . Until things go wrong.Suddenly , for example , the heart rate monitor lost connectivity with the watch . It was n't the battery , which I immediately replaced . So I sent it in to Nike for repair -LRB- per their instruction on their site -RRB- . Almost $ 300 on a product , and no contact whatsoever from them about receiving and working on my product . I had to call twice to find the status of this product . 1 full month later , I 'm still waiting for it to be returned to me.Really , paying for a Nike product does not mean high quality . And it CERTAINLY does not mean any customer service to speak of . I am highly disappointed in this entire experience.If only Timex would make a footpod for measuring distance rather than a GPS systerm , this would be over . Unfortunately living in a city does n't make the GPS system a viable alternative for me , but I 've found the Timex HR Monitor to be far superior to both Nike & Polar .
 Received watch and it would never sync . Watch completely stopped working . I returned the watch to amazon by priority mail , and for some reason they seem to ca n't find the package . I 'm still waiting for them to return my $ 195.00 to my account . Which seems to be taking forever . I would not recommend anyone to purchase this product from amazon . Yes it may be less expensive , but just pay for it from the nike store and get better service .
 I owned the watch for about 30 days and the unit worked fine . Took watch off one day and put it in my pocket and the watch reset and then neither myself or Niketown store manager could get heart monitor sensor to link again . Received replacement and manager linked at store , took home and tried to enter heart rate limits and watch reset and again I could not link sensor . I believe there are better units out there for the money they are charging for this watch .
 A feature rich product offering Mac OSX compatiblity , distance and HRM data combined into graphs . Overall I found the product let down by quality control issues . The first watch I got had to be returned due to the USB pod simply not working at all . Kudos to Amazon for replacing it promtly . The second watch worked for a while - about 200km - then started to give intermittant HRM readings . Overall I found the HRM strap needed to be tighter than my Polar and that the reading did require that I wet the pads everytime before starting my run.The other thing that the Polar range has over Nike is that when you run at night it 's easy to just bring the Polar up to your chest and the light comes on - not with Nikes best - It requires you know which of the 5 buttons to press , to get the light on - easy if you do it right , but you can accidently stop the run recording if you press the wrong button in the dark while running.Buy lots of CR2032 batteries because you need to change them often . I have already changed the watch and the HRM battery in the first 175km , and the watch was set to power saving mode.Although it works OK with OSX 10.4.9 the Nike software has not been updated since 2004 - that 's 3 years - of no new driver or feature support - pretty good indication that Nike has moved it 's attention elsewhere . The monitor area is poorly used with a small 9 '' window opens up on your 20 '' Mac which can not be enlarged - then you get small little graphs you can hardly see . My advise is , if you buy a few spare parts like a HRM , footpod and USB unit then it should give you good data - otherwise expect to take it back under warranty - while you can .
 I purchased this watch as a gift for my husband . The first time it was shipped , the LED light cleared the display . I called Nike and they said it sounded like a movement issue , so I sent it back to the company that had shipped it . They sent me a `` new '' watch . It had the exact same problem . Nike was n't aware of the issue with this watch , but it was the second time with the exact same problem . The store now has the watch on close-out so I will be unable to give it to my husband . Overall , I 'm just very disappointed .
 This watch is basically a timex in a Nike case with a stupid watch band . The watch sits up very high -LRB- too high -RRB- for this type of band . The watch sticks out from your wrist and catches everything.Watch functions are basic stupid timex type . Chrono , timer , dual time , date , and data.Just a stupid watch . I was hoping for much more - not sure why , but I was .
 I was excited to get this watch . It had everything on it that I wanted . Unfortunately the Velcro started to wear out immediately and the worst happened after five and a half months ... It died . If you like it beware of the Velcro but may be you will have better luck in getting one with a longer lifespan .
 Well , it looks great , big numbers on display , good size and cool design.My big complain it 's about the fragility of the wristband . If you dont take good care , it will break ! And an original Nike wristband it 's too expensive , almost the price of a brand new watch.So , if you want a resistent watch so you can pratice lots of sports and activities , look for some other watches ... maybe a G-Shock . . that 's what I done !
 This watch looks and functions great but DO NOT put near water . It will drown and leave you with a $ $ $ sinking feeling . Watch Out for this one ! Bought a Timex next and still ticking , water and all !
 The watch is pretty to look at but the various dials on watch face are so small you ca n't read them and you ca n't put the watch on . Something is wrong with the clasp . Wo n't unlock . Hoping for satisfaction when I try to return . A real disappointment as it was a 60th birthday gift for myself . First time i ever order something on line from Amazon .
 My husband bought me this watch for Christmas . I fell in love with it immediately . That soon changed , right along with the two-tone color of it ! After about 3 months , the silver tone got blackish tarnish on it that will not come off , and the gold tone turned into a purple-ish , copper-ish color !!! If this was an inexpensive , $ 25 watch , I would expect this to happen , but not for $ 180 ! Spend your money on something else .
 The design of the clasp makes it almost impossible to open clasp once it is closed -- especially when one has stiff fingers . The clasp is located inside the watch band so that it is hidden from view when worn . If the watch band is tight or you have stiff fingers it is very difficult to release the clasp .
 It is a beautiful watch , elegant , feminine , however the band is expandable . I have a pretty narrow wrist so the watch was pretty much hanging on my wrist . I went to so many places in NYC to fix the expandable band - to make it smaller , noone took up this work because it is too hard.I had to return it , I felt really bad because I fell in love with it , but it is just too bad that the band is expandable .
 I received the watch and was very pleased with the look and style , and the band was very comfortable . However , the day and date setting of the watch was very strange . The day of the week altered between an English/Spanish dial , so it would begin with MON , then move to LUN -LRB- Lunes -RRB- ; then TUE , followed by MAR -LRB- Martes -RRB- , etc. . I 'm assuming the English is between 12am-11 :59 am , and then it changes to the Spanish title from 12pm-11 :59 pm . Now on this particular watch , it would change the day of the week at 2am -LRB- English title -RRB- and then change again at 4am -LRB- Spanish title -RRB- . It would stay all day like that , and then the numbered date of the month would always change at 11:55 pm . Perhaps the gears are not calibrated properly , but I do n't think it 's a very reliable product , so I chose to return it .
 I originally purchased this watch on 11 April 2009 . By Spring 2011 , the calendar complication had broken . Due to cosmetic issues resulting from the repair , I purchased this watch again on 19 August 2011 . Less than a month later , on 5 September 2011 the watch ceased to keep time . I find it telling that despite the years between the two , and out of the thousands or more of this model that Citizen produces , two of the same model in a row are defective . It 's extremely likely that this model of watch is simply not well made and is highly prone to failure .
 The date does n't change - It 's stuck on &#34; SAB &#34; and when you try to change it it flickers and jumps back to the same position . I saw where others were having this problem but took the chance anyways . Bad mistake .
 I fully charged this watch in direct sunlight as they say you should the first time . Once fully charged it suppose to run for 6 months without any light . Well I store it where it is exposed to light and it stopped several times already . This watch is not worth the money . It is not reliable .
 I purchased it because of the highly touted Eco Drive . But it 's impossible for me to set date and day . The mechanism is similar to most Japanese watches and it should n't be hard to adjust . But the crown is tiny and slippery . I could n't do it . I have found that many people complained about this problem . I returned without further ado and ordered a Seiko instead .
 I received the watch promptly , but I have returned it because I could not change the day/date . The instructions were a little obscure , but I think the watch was defective with regard to changing the day/date . The watch looked really nice , but I did n't want it if I could not change the day/date . Amazon is great with exchanges and refunds . I guess I just will use my iPhone if I want to know the time .
 Handsome watch but sent it back after opening . I tried many times . Then my wife tried a number of times . We could easily adjust the time but were unable to find just the right spot to change the day and date . Unacceptable .
 1 . Seconds hand off by few hairlines2 . Never able to set day of the week.Worst purchase ever !! Going to return it soon .
 Beautiful face on this watch . Built well . However , the strap was too cheesy looking . Very shiny and ugly . Returned it .
 The arms of the watch are too small and hard to read . I wo n't buy another watch without seeing it first .
 If you purchase something , it should last a long time . That 's my philosophy . I liked this clock a lot but it stopped working after a few years for no apparent reason . I replaced the batteries with batteries I knew were good , but nada .
 All my previous watchs were already sized . I bought this so I can change my own links for the next watch . Well that day came , and this product let me down . I bought a citizen eco drive , and it did n't fit into any of the slots . What a waste of money . Live and learn from mistake and save yourself from owning a piece of plastic .
 The watch itself is not bad looking but a bit too big and loose . Again , if you have small wrists then the face of the watch might be large as well . It is something I will probably not travel with .
 I would have rated this watch 5 bit unfortunately its not working . I do n't know if the deal was for me to be the one to purchase the batteries . I have n't had time to buy a new battery or check why its not working but I will do that soon with local watch sellers here . Unfortunately I am all the way in Nigeria so the cost of shipping it back to the US and back here will be too expensive so I 'll have to sort the problem out myself.The body looks great and very new as expected but I 'm too embarrassed to wear it out for now , in case someone asks me for the time.It was delivered on time too .
 The movement simply broke after A WEEK . Afterward gave me unreliable time and the date function stopped working properly . Last time I buy a Citizen watch .
 I purchased this watch about 6 months ago . With this kind of watch , after any month with fewer than 31 days in it , the number in its day-of-the-month window must be manually reset to ' 1 ' , in order for it to display the correct numbers during the following month . Today -LRB- at the beginning of December -RRB- when attempting to reset that number , I discovered that its date-resetting function no longer operates . While I 've owned this watch , it has n't been subjected to any trauma . The failure of its date adjustment feature seems to have been a spontaneous failure , in other words , which suggests to me that this model 's mechanism for adjusting the date is of poor quality .
 I had a couple of Citizen watches , they were solid and long lasting . Unfortunately , this one is not.Attracted by the eco-drive mechanism , I decided to buy one . The watch 's movement is excellent and innovative . Unfortunately , the workmanship really makes this watch a disappointment .1 -RRB- second hand does not line up -LRB- even my $ 10 watch has all hands lined up perfectly -RRB- 2 -RRB- date/day setting mechanism broke , repaired under warranty3 -RRB- rust -LRB- never seen this before on 1 year old watch -RRB- on the bottom4 -RRB- uneven brightness on the numbers5 -RRB- cheap hands , made of filmsy materialFor the price of the watch and Citizen brand , they are major flaws ...
 I got this watch one day and returned it the next . I loved the design , and the size was just right for my wrist -LRB- which is just under 7 inches in circumference -RRB- . The design is such , however , on the back of the watch where the band attaches , that each of those four points rests very sharply against the wrist -LRB- particularly the top one on the righthand side -RRB- . This is especially noticeable if you replace the existing two-piece strap with a one-piece nylon strap like the Martac Mil series . I 'm ordering a different citizen watch that does n't have these sharp points on the underside.This is definitely a subjective thing , so do n't let it prevent you from trying this great watch , just do n't be surprised if this is a problem for you too .
 As in my other Citizen -LRB- a GMT ecodrive -RRB- the hands do n't line up at 12 o'clock and the luminova is unevenly applied . Manufacturing glitches seem to be common with this brand , which is unfortunate because their solar technology is basically a good idea , it just needs a better execution .
 I am extremely upset with my new BM8180-03E because the second hand does not align with the marks around the dial , instead it lands in between the marks at .5 of every second.I bought this watch for the purpose of taking the pulse of my patients . I ca n't be bothered with trying to figure out if it was 59.5 seconds or 60.5 seconds when I started counting and then figure out if it 's 14.5 or 15.5 seconds later . I am truly upset it does n't live up to the Citizen reputation . The issues with the second hand are indicative of low quality control involved with mass-production . -LRB- see below -RRB- Other than the faulty second hand , the dial is clearly visible , and glow quite effectively in dark . -LRB- Updated review to remove comment about day/date changing at 3pm due to setting it 12hrs off . -RRB- This watch is smaller in diameter than I am accustomed to wearing and is suitable for a female.I will be returning this watch and will not purchase another Citizen watch due to the fact I need a watch that correctly aligns with the marks on the dial . I would not recommend this watch to anyone who cares about precision . Please reply if you know of a good watch for me to buy for around $ 100 . Thanks.Citizen replied to my inquiry within moments ! Here is their response/excuse : `` What you are seeing may be considered within factory specifications . This is due to gear play , dial imprinting and position of the watch . The actual specification is for the hands to hit dead on at 12:00 , but other alignment may be to one side or the other of the indice.There are a variety of factors that come into consideration when comparing hand to dial marker accuracy . While position of the watch has some affect on this , manufacturing tolerances in the various components play a greater role . There are acceptable tolerances within the gear mesh , dial imprinting/application , dial ring imprinting -LRB- and mounting position -RRB- as well as tolerances within the dial fitting to the movement itself.When all of these come into play , these tolerances can sometimes compliment each other and other times work against each other . It is for these reasons that there are some pieces within a series that are dead on , some that hit most marks , some that hit half the marks , some that hit some of the marks , etc.It is only when you get to the very high end of the product line -LRB- aka Campanola and Exceed -RRB- that the acceptable tolerances become `` tighter '' so to speak . ''
 Although the watch looked nice , it certainly did n't perform well . The date function advanced two days -LRB- instead of one -RRB- on three separate occasions . I returned the watch for a refund .
 The watch was only 15 months old and the crown fell off when attempting to `` fall back '' at daylight saving time . I sent the watch to Citizen for repair and discovered their worthless warranty does not cover the crown , the estimate was half what I paid for the watch . Piece of junk !!!! Do not buy a Citizen product.Citizen Men 's BM8180-03E Eco-Drive Canvas Strap Watch by Citizen
 I bought 5 of them and returned 4 detective ones . The last one was not perfect too.Their second hands usually do n't exactly point to scales on the dial . The joins between watch and watch bands had weird click sounds . I would recommend this strategy to anyone reads this review , get 10 + at once and keep the best one . This way , you do n't have to keep doing exchange or refund .
 1 . I recently purchased this watch for an upcoming trip , where I would need something reliable and dependable , but nothing fancy . The watch arrived a couple days before my departure , and I was immediately disappointed with the band . For a men 's watch , this is a very flimsy , feminine looking band .2 . Band was changed for black rubber , then I realized the date/calendar function was no longer working . On checking the website , there are some special instructions for setting this function . PAY CLOSE ATTENTION TO THESE , as they are not like standard watches and failure to follow WILL result in damage to the watch .3 . This watch is apparently so cheaply built Citizen does n't even stamp the back of the case with mfg information , but just applies a sticker . A STICKER ?!?! Come on , even Timex stamps the case backs.I have been buying Tissot watches in the past , with great results , but wanted to try Citizen this time . My mistake . Back to Tissot for me !
 Perhaps I got a model not intended , but it 's never happened before.What I received has the days in the wrong language , and even if they are in English , the process of setting the date and the day is unnecessarily cumbersome . The date , for example , can only be incremented up , but it 's on the same control as the day . So if you go to change the day , or accidentally twist when you think you 're changing the time , you have to scroll through 31 days and start over.Given that you must manually change the date every month , that 's too much hassle for a watch designed to be super easy .
 I purchased this Eco-Drive and was disappointed . The face was too small and cluttered , and the day/date were barely readable . I decided to upgrade to the BM640000E , and could n't be happier .
 There were three things wrong with the watch when received - 1 . Second hand moved in 2-second increments rather than one second movements , giving 5 beats during 10 seconds . 2 . Second hand did not register correctly on the second markers . 3 . Could not set the day of the week on the day/date calendar . May have been a bad watch -LRB- quality control ? -RRB- . Plan on replacing the band . I really wanted it to work , but returned for credit and will try another brand .
 Today I received the watch `` Citizen Men 's BM8180-03E Eco-Drive Canvas Strap '' , but this is not the one I bought . I feel deceived because the picture show that measures is about 4.5 centimeters and this only measures 4 cms . In addition the back plate look like an `` engraving '' with word `` Japan '' , and this only has a sticker ! so I say you sent to me a imitation -LRB- maquila -RRB- not an original Citizent watch like you show in your webside ... Amazon that 's so bad of you !
 i BOUGHT THIS WATCH IN GOOD FAITH BASED ON POSTIVE REVIEWS . DOES NOT WORK SINCE I OPENED THE BOX i AM AN IDIOT TO BUY ONLINE , SHAME ON ME AND CITIZEN WATCH !!!!
 I have to say that it did n't catch my eyes once I opened the box ! It was nicer on the picture!This watch is n't too bad , but kind of big and heavy-which I didnt like . I normally like very slim and light watches but I saw lots of good reviews about this watch and decided to buy it . But I ended up not liking it , that 's why I exchanged it with a Skagen -LRB- which to me is more elegant -RRB- . What I did n't like about this watch : - I have a thin wrist and since the watch was thick , it kind of hurt my wrist bones . Also it didnt stay firm on my wrist , it 'd always slide down from one side of my wrist ; and if I tightened it , then it was n't comfortable due to not being well shaped on the back.-The band was hard and definitely not smooth.-Heavy and bulky and not well shaped.-The second hand did not line up exactly at 12.-It came with a sticker stamp on the back , instead of being printed - or carved -LRB- that how looked like on the picture -RRB- . However , it has lots of cool qualifications
 I had the same trouble others seem to be having . Day and date function stopped within hours of wearing it for the first time . Crown already seems loose . I 'm returning it for something else .
 Just got mine two days ago and I am very disappointed that the seconds hand does not index with the minute markings . It makes the watch appear cheap and substandard . The movement of the seconds hand is not crisp and defined and may be the result of a poorly made mechanism.The watch band is not to my taste and I would replace it if I were to keep wearing the watch but at this time I am considering returning it to Amazon since the poor indexing bothers me quite a bit . I do n't sit there and observe the seconds hand but the fact that I know that it does not index correctly makes me feel that I am wearing a very poorly made watch.I am not recommending this product to people that are critical of quality and refinement in manufacturing .
 A great looking casual watch , I was initially very impressed . Received several compliments about it . Unfortunately the face chips too easily.About three months after I bought it , I wore it into work one morning . I work in manufacturing and that morning I found out this would be one of those days when I have to go out on the shop floor to work on machines . Hoping to protect my new watch , I took it off and slipped it into the front pocket of my backpack , the same place I 've stored my iphone and digital camera for years , and left the backpack at my desk . When I returned home that evening , I opened the bag and discovered the watch had a small crack near 3 o'clock . I can only guess it happened at some point when I was repacking my laptop into the bag or carrying it to my car to leave for the day . The crack is sort of a half-moon shape , about 5 mm in diameter , and the broken glass fell inside the face and now obstructs the hands . Actually the crack is small enough that the watch would still be wearable if it was n't for the glass shards interfering with the hands.So I admit , I could have done a better job protecting it . But again it was in the same pouch were I keep my iphone or digital camera when travelling through airports and I 've never had an issue . And it 's not like the watch was dropped or smashed , nothing else in the bag was damaged . Sort of disappointed after reading the reviews about how durable it is.I 'm going to look into replacing the face but I 've heard that costs as much as a new watch . What a shame .
 I order twice for the same product as a gift to my boyfriend and it bought us a lot of troubles . The first time we receive the product , the hand of the watch does not point exactly to the seconds , it is half way between each second . Besides , when we try to adjust the day , i.e Monday , Tuesday , Wednesday , the adjustment button will not turn and stuck on Wednesday . We returned the item and I order it again as a gift to send it to my boyfriend office . The package does not come with the gift message as it promised and this time the watch strip is defective . It produce a click , click sound when you try to put the watch over the wrist . I thought citizen is a named brand with good quality control and it turns out not .
 This watch suffers from 2 significant problems - * The instructions for setting the time and date were so inadequate I resorted to Citizen 's web page . Guess what ? Same instructions ! So I started fiddling with the vague instructions given . Eventually I figured out that to set time and date one must advance or retard the time by manipulating the crown . This requires approximately an hour of repeatedly rotating the stem knob . Then comes leap year and months with less than 31 days etc. . Considerable hassle ... too much for me . * The other problem is the size of the day and date boxes which measure 0.165 `` W x 0.1 `` H and 0.155 `` W x 0.1 `` H respectively . These are very difficult to decipher inside and require excellent near vision outside . In limited light situations forget the day and date functions . Unlike Rolex you are not given a magnifying bubble to assist you.After wearing this beautiful watch for 2 weeks it went inside a drawer and I ordered a Timex Triathlon 30 Lap . Function trumped style!PS . The band , much criticized by others , I found to be excellent -LRB- stylish and durable -RRB- . I will put it on the Timex and toss the plastic band .
 I was attracted to the Citizen Eco-drive canvas strap watch , as it appeared to be a simple , reliable , accurate timepiece . It really does seem to meet those three criteria - the face is easy to read , even in black , the hands are well proportioned , the timepiece is well balanced and very comfortable to wear . The watch seems to keep time adequately . Nonetheless , I have found it impossible to enjoy wearing the watch for one simple reason - the long , graceful , BRIGHT RED second hand that croons to you to watch it trace the face of the watch , does not even begin to register with the second markings on the face.It 's not that it 's merely off by a few arc-seconds , no . It cruelly taunts you as the second hand registers for a few seconds and then does a dainty half step , two step , followed by what must be a pirouette . You might ask whether the watch has been fully charged . Surely , I tell you . It 's been exposed to 8 hours of full sunlight and bathed in tungsten light from a desk lamp for good measure . It 's not stepping off time in 2 second intervals like an undercharged watch would do . With gleeful abandon , it seems to arbitrarily move the second hand with each tick . I have plenty of inexpensive Swiss and Japanese mechanisms that are fully able to march to the beat of passing time . This watch is stumbling drunk.I 've tried several copies without success . I hope this does n't portend a dismal future for Citizen watches , with Chinese parts and no quality control.It seems that , despite my eagerness to wear this watch , it 'll be swapped for a third and final timepiece before its kind goes back to Amazon for good .
 The quality is terrible . I 've tried two of this model . The first one failed on the next day after arrival -- the date/weekday wheels can no longer rotate . Amazon replaced it for free . But the same problem appeared in a few months . I had to let it sleep on my desk for several weeks until recently it fell off and the fragile glass cover broke into pieces .
 The date did not work . I returned the watch for a refund . I will say that Amazon was very helpful , and made the return process very easy .
 Citizen advertises Eco-Drive watches as `` never needing a battery '' . This is not true.There is a small capacitor / battery inside the watch that will fail after 5-10 years , and it is not replaceable . It is also not covered under warranty.Basically , you need to throw away your Citizen Eco-Drive watch once it stops holding a charge . At first , a day of sunlight will run the watch for months , but the watch steadily loses power over time , until even weekly 8-hour charges in full sunlight wo n't keep the watch running for more than a few days .
 This watch was on order within an hour of discovering it . It 's perfect old-school military looks , its size , and the reliable brand did n't give me any qualms about buying without reading any reviews . As you can see from the watch 's ratings , reviews would not have deterred me anyhow . Obviously , and hopefully , my experience was entirely different than most owners . When the watch arrived it was exactly as I was expected . Looked beautiful , was lightweight , comfortable , and super easy to read . A five second Surefire blast had it easily readable for the next two hours in the dark . The first thing to show up that disappointed me was how easily it was scratched . Not just the glass , but all metal surfaces too . When I finally put the watch in a drawer permanently , it was so scratched as to be unreadable from any angle other than looking straight down on it . This was at the six month point . I had already been slightly annoyed with it for the previous five months , because once the first month of owning it rolled over , it was not able to be set to the proper date , no matter who tried . I 've owned several analog watches in the past that I was able to set the date easily on , but not this one . I was in Iraq , so was unable to take it to a dealer to let them try , but now that I 'm home and could , I do n't bother . The third negative was the watchband took on a sweat smell within a month that could n't be washed out.I still love to look at it when looking at new watches , but wo n't be trying another one . BTW , I replaced it with a Seiko 5 SNK809K2 Military , and the negatives I experienced with the Citizen were not an issue with the Seiko . It proved to be superior in every way , other than looks .
 This product was received with damage under the glass . Does n't seem very well made and not all the functions work . Do not recommend this product to anyone . Waste on money !
 The watch bracelet does not conform well to smaller size wrists . The design of the bracelet is flawed at the lug interface . The bracelet does not pivot enough at the lug interface which forms an arc and therefore creates a considerable amount of gap between the side of the wrist and bracelet . I regretfully had to return the nighthawk due to this issue .
 Not sure waht the relationship is between Invicta and Citizen , but this appears to be IDENTICAL to my : `` Invicta 6199 Force Flight Collection GMT Flame Fusion All Black IP Stainless 200M Aviator Mens Watch `` see here - -LSB- ... -RSB- Now to comment on the watch.Unfortunately , it is not a quality piece . As a few of the other reviewers have mentioned , the bracelet is not good . The black IP is wearing off and the links are thin and weak . While I was n't expecting a match for my Breitling or Sinn , I was at least hoping to get something near my other Japanese watch ; a Seiko Orange Monster -LRB- Best beater on the market -RRB- . Worse yet , the movement is very low quality despite being a `` Quality Japanese GMT Movement '' . The movement skips around the GMT secondary hand and now hangs up unless you fiddle with the crown . Just completely unacceptable . One can only hope that the Citizen is NOT the same movement , but I believe both companies source from Miyota.BTW , I spent $ 82 delivered for the Invicta . Not much , but also not worth it . Buy one of the Seiko Monsters - you 'll be shocked at what you get for very little $ $ .
 Got a casio wave ceptor watch with metal band for Christmas with a similar wrist band design - the band pulled apart at the case the first day . The metal pin that holds the band on is attached to the case with a cheap rubbery plastic peice that rips out easily . Check with casio or other reviews to confirm that this watch has a better system!The worst part is if you look at Casio 's warrentee the band and case are not covered.My watch is now held together with epoxy - very fashionable ! Goes good if you have glasses held together with masking tape .
 I received a watch case with a glass cover , rather than solid cover as advertised . As I did not receive the correct product , I was naturally disappointed . The finishing is also not very even , with some parts not properly lacquered . Overall , it did n't meet my expectations .
 Had this watch for less than 3 years never went in the water with it , last year during a vacation in the Caribean , i went diving at about 35 ' when i surfaced watch was foggy and stopped working . Sent watch for warranty , parts not covered no apparent reason for damage.Very unhappy about Citizen 's customer service.IT IS NOT A DIVE WATCH !!!! I WILL NEVER , EVER BUY CITIZEN PRODUCTS EVER AGAIN !!! Save your money buy a Casio or Timex
 Purchased this watch about two months ago , and it is already having problems.The 300m water resistants didnt make it to 80ft and the time adjusting pin is now broken . I would not recommend this product .
 I 've had this watch 21/2 years . it 's been back for repair 4 times . The only good thing was the J&R ; jeweler 's warranty . First the metal band broke after a year . I could live with that but 20 months it started to loose time . I put up with this for a couple of months . Than it would stop running . The manual claims it will run for 6 months after full charge . I charged it according to the manual , stopped after two weeks . Took it to J&R ; they sent it back . Waited 6 weeks got it back , nothing was fixed.Sent back 3 more times -LRB- a month wait each time -RRB- and still has not been fixed . The $ 10 walmart special I bought as backup keeps better time and when it stops , for $ 10 a new watch . Save your $ 200 do n't buy this watch .
 compre el proucto , debian enviarmelo a una casilla en miami ... llego la caja vacia ... les pido me devuelvan el dinero de la compra y me salen con la necesidad de poner papelito de refund ... si ellos fallan ... deben ellos mismos verificar y correr con los gastos ... sin vueltas ...
 I bought this watch for my husband to replace is old dive watch . The Eco-Drive is what caught my attention , if you have to change a battery in a dive watch it has to be sent out and resealed ... for the cost , you may as well just throw it out.While my husband loved the watch ; after less than a year when he went to change the time for Standard Daylight savings time ; the stem and crown fell out . So , we sent the watch back to Citizen and even though they have a 5 year warranty refused to cover it under warranty . The repair cost was $ 60 . What a rip off , my husband pushed back at Citizen but they basically told him they would not cover it . EVEN THOUGH THEIR WEB SITE says the warranty COVERS THE STEM . I read another review that had the same issue ; shame on you Citizen!I will never buy another Citizen product , if they wo n't stand by their products any better than that . . I will spend my money on other brands .
 The stem broke off during a normal time adjust in less than a year . This is a very low quality watch , which should come as no surprise given the deep discount on Amazon . After my experience with Citizen customer service trying to get them to honor their warranty for this product , I would never purchase a Citizen watch again ; Overall a very unprofessional company seemingly embarrassed about their goods . I subsequently bought an Omega Seamaster Professional and am much more pleased -LRB- though it was roughly thirty times more expensive -RRB- , as it is a true dive watch . In sum , only buy this watch if you are comfortable throwing away $ 165 each year .
 It 's not clear from the photos but this watch has a white and yellow depth chart on the outside of the band that is pretty tacky . I guess it could be useful when diving but for an every day watch it looks silly . The face is also small , crowded and difficult to read . Overall I thought the watch had a cheap look in person . I returned it and got a Seiko brand one that is so much better in every way .
 Shame on me ! I have been dealing with one of these watches for over a year and it will not keep working , Have to `` reboot '' it when it locks up . Sent it off for repair and it worked for a couple of weeks and broke again . It has been sent in for repair again with the analog portion frozen . Based on so many good reviews , I figured I had a lemon so I bought another one two days ago . The analog portion froze in less than 48 hours . Last Timex I ever buy !
 I just got my watch . I open the box and find the band is too large for me . I read the instructions and find they do not give instructions for the band that is on the watch . I look online and find that in order to remove a couple links from this band I have to take the watch in to a service center and pay someone to remove a couple links with a special tool . What is Timex thinking ? They are supposed to be the `` everyperson 's '' watchmaker . I ordered it online to avoid having to go to a store ! I pay $ 56.45 for the watch -LRB- inc shipping -RRB- and now I have to pay more than a 10 % premium to get the watchband adjusted . Maybe I should have just bought a Seiko that has a watchband I can adjust myself . The price is n't the issue -LRB- good price for this watch -RRB- , it 's the idiocy of putting a watchband on it that can not be adjusted by the owner!Other than that , I like the watch . The only other thing I would have liked would be glow-in-the-dark hands and numbers that glow for more than just a few minutes . But then again , that 's why I selected the Timex Expedition
 This is a good looking watch and has a lot of nice features - no doubt , and the price is attractive . However , you always get what you pay for . I found that TIMEX missed the boat on two key areas - especially for the picky ones amongst us . The second hand does not align with any of the markings . That reveals a very significant design/manufacturing gap overall . I can not believe this basic aspect has been glossed over in TIMEX 's design and quality control , especially for a device whose fundamental function is to be accurate and precise . The Indiglo feature is nice , but I found the Indiglo paint was not evenly applied over the dial , and it has a clipped appearance on the top left . This was not something that immediately jumped out , but I could spot it relatively easily looking closely at the watch . Even my 4-year old was able to easily pick out the uneven geometrical shape . Again , this Indiglo paint unevenness appears to be a manufacturing quality issue.So , if you are looking for a good looking and very functional low cost watch , this is a great pick . If you are picky about quality you need to move higher in the price range . The Japanese brands -LRB- Citizen , Seiko , Casio -RRB- do a much better job in general .
 Within three weeks , band broke during normal wear , warranty does not cover band . Very unhappy .
 I have had a Timex watch for over 9 years love it ... When I was looking to buy a newer one I came across this one this did not fit me it was way , way to small . . My Timex that I have now is a nice heavy duty watch its been through alot and its still staying strong . . ! This watch T41101 is light weight in my eyes very poorly made . . Amazon was great about the return so if you do get this item know that Amazon is super great and will re-found your money but you will have to pay for the shipping cost to ship it back ... . Out of 5 points 5 being great I give this item a -1 . .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for myself and within a week it stopped working , at frist I ignored it and reset the time . The watch would freeze and stop working . This happened several times , so I contacted Amazon and requested a replacement . Amazon was great and they quickly sent me a replacement . The replacement arrived and for the next few days it worked prefectly . About three weeks later the replacement also stopped working . The hands would freeze for hours and then randomly start working and then freeze again . After two replacements I finally requested a refund instead . I have owned several Timex watches this is by far the worst .
 I have had Ironman 's for as long as I can remember . No less than 10 years with no problems . The reasons for losing them have ranged from me destroying them -LRB- jumping into a moving river , cleaning the band with boiling water , etc. -RRB- . They are as close to bulletproof as your going to get for the price.The watch being reviewed though is nothing like the Ironman.I like pro/con lists , so here we go : Pro : Looks much nicer than a $ 40 watchCons : Heavy , much heavier than my Ironman , maybe some people expect it , but it was a shock to me coming from a lightweight digitalMuch , much more difficult to work/set than the Ironman . I could set the ironman in my sleep , it just makes sense . Why ca n't it have the same menus and buttons as the Ironman?The analog time is just atrocious . This thing lost dozens a minutes a month , I mean it 's nearly useless in my mind . I 'd wear it to work only because it was more `` dressy '' than the Ironman . It 's not worth it , I 'll rock the Ironman to the office anyday over this inaccurate , complex , boat anchor.I 'm calling Timex to return or replace this thing and than I plan to sell it , unless they 'll replace it with an Ironman ...
 I like the watch , but the analog portion has a problem . It does n't keep time for me . I find that it loses seconds/minutes/hours . I believe it 's because the crown pops out - stopping the analog movement . I 've never had a watch with this problem before . A screw-down crown would be great , but obviously many analog watches do n't have this feature , and do n't suffer from the problem .
 I was not crazy about the band ; it 's a little complex , not like it just slips off . The big problem is with the analog . At random times it gained 20 to 30 minutes . I did n't see it happen but every so often the analog was 20-30 minutes fast . I do n't know if it happened suddenly or gradually . It happened three times . I returned the watch .
 The band is way too short for anyone with adult wrists . The band is way too snug and very uncomfortable . I have owned several Timex Ironman Stainless Steel watches before and this one was surprisingly small . This is a huge disappointment because I really like the brushed metal look . I am currently returning the watch to Amazon .
 The first day to try for the third time the button at the indigo light , did not return to work after I buy in usa from peru , refund costs would do to return to pay the price of this watch should be more careful in reviewing the quality of these products , do not return to buy , by the same system
 Watch movement is Made in the Philippines , band is Made in China . Product fits small ! I.am not a large person -LRB- 5 ft 8 inches , 195lbs . -RRB- and even at the max expansion of the bracelet , it JUST fits . Watch seemed like a good buy for an everyday watch . FIgured that at this price it would n't be a pain if the watch got banged up . NO SUCH LUCK ! The watc , h began malfunctioning 15 minutes after setting it up ! Noticed that the digital display seconds stopped working , stuck at 12 seconds showing . Then the date function reset/reverted to original factory default -LRB- 1995 , 08 , 15 -RRB- . Went through set up process again , and noticed that digital clock still works and keeps time , but seconds on digital display are stuck at 12 . I was born in the Philippines , and I know the crappy stuff produced there ! 38 years after leaving , it 's still the same crappy stuff ! Save yourself the trouble and stay away from this watch . It 's going back tomorrow ! I 'm going to spend a few more bucks and just get a Seiko !
 This is a very cheaply made watch with and exceedingly hard set up for date , stopwatch , alarm etc. .
 I was disapointed with the quality and finish of this watch . The band links had corners that were almost sharp and the link to the main body of the watch was very loosely fit . The instructions for set-up and operation of the digital portion were confusing and did not work as written . I have owned two similar Pulsar watches in the same price range that are much better quality and value . I expected much better from Timex . I returned the watch for refund .
 This is the second watch of this model that I 've owned . The alarm stopped working on the first one after only a year . The stem fell out of this one after ONLY ONE WEEK . It 's going back .
 Oh how I wanted to love this watch . It is very good looking , masculine and classy . The first one we received quickly but sadly , after 3 months , it did not keep the time . Back to Amazon -LRB- stellar return policy -RRB- and they shipped a replacement.The watch worked for only 2 months this time . At first the time was off , much to slow . Then it began this high pitched whistling noise . No joke . We could n't remove the back of the watch to take out the battery , so wrapped it in some towels and stashed it in a drawer until it ran out of gas . Now we have this great looking , dead watch . Wo n't send it back this time , just looking around for another one . Sigh ...
 Its a good watch for that price , but as some other buyers have mentioned before :1 . It has a cheap sense once you wear it , too light for my taste .2 . YES , The Metal Wrist Band is indeed a little short , luckily it fitted just right on my wrist , at least 1 extra link should be attached with the product.Other than that , it 's fine , the functions works good , but are a little confusing to use .
 Great design . Super functional . But cheap feel , weight and band . Even my wife was disappointed by her first glance.If Timex put more sturdy weight , band and thickness , I 'd buy it again in a heartbeat .
 I had no problem with the delivery as I received this item on time but when I opened it up I was so disappointed . The watch does n't look new at all . It has scratches on its face while on its back , there is a trace of adhesive that has been peeled off . Morever , this watch does n't look the same as the picture or close enough to what it describes as a gold-tone since it is more like a faded light yellow . I 'll be glad to return this asap .
 Poor quality , thicker watch bands wo n't fit and the push pins break very easy due to the fact that perhaps they were hardened too much !!
 You need a Ph.D. in quantum physics to figure out how to program this thing , and that 's AFTER you have the manual -LRB- which you 'd better not lose , because the company no longer stocks them for replacements -RRB- . There is absolutely nothing intuitive about the buttons and the programming . Once the alarm is set , watch out , because it will stay set that way until you master the bizarre rituals of changing it . Good luck , you 'll need it.Other than that , it looks nice -LRB- so long as you 're not in direct sunlight , when it looks like a jigsaw puzzle -RRB- , and it keeps good time .
 The watch is quite beautiful . Would have been better if it worked . The second hand kept sticking on the 34th second .
 I am 43 years old and never left a review before . I ordered this watch as a Christmas gift and received it today without any type of paperwork and it does n't work . with only 4 days till Christmas i have to come up with a plan B.
 still waiting for this ionic silver stick to come . I hope it will be shipped to me soon .
 $ 30 for a few strands of silver ? Who knows if it even does anything ? After paying $ 150 - $ 200 for the humidifier they suck another $ 30 from you every 6 months ! Why not just stick an old piece of silver jewelry in the tank -LRB- but be sure to clean it every 6 months -RRB- ?
 everyone saying they will use actual silver or copper or something other than this ionic stick in their water , DO NOT do this ! firstly , it probably wo n't work for but a short period of time as the silver ions on the surface would not replenish itself like this stick does . secondly , i 'm not sure if this would maintain `` safe '' levels of silver in the water.which brings me to the question ... does anybody know if this method is even safe ? i 've been trying to research on this , and it seems that 99 % of what i can find are silver marketers rejecting and trying to disprove the FDA 's 1999 ruling to prohibit the claiming of beneficial health effects of silver . the only other common application of silver in water or anti-microbial effects are in hospitals -- but this is largely for temporary use . since I could n't find any legitimate sources of information on this application os ionic silver , i 'm guessing its effects on the human body is relatively unknown . it is know that long-term exposure/intake to a similar silver application , silver colloid , can cause argyria . i believe this is why air-o-swiss states that only `` safe '' levels of silver is contained in the water . however , since there 's seemingly not much research out there on the topic , how can they know what `` safe '' is ? is this level of concentration relative to frequency or proximity of humidifier use ? is there a risk of over exposure if the ionic silver stick is defective or is damaged/torn ? i am asking air-o-swiss and awaiting a response on this . if anyone else can provide some legit clarity on this topic , i 'd appreciate it.fyi , the demineralization cartridges also contain ionic silver on their surface.since i already spent hundreds on my air-o-swiss humidifier , and have been using it for months , i 'm thinking i 'll just refrain from replacing the cartridge and ionic silver stick and just regularly clean out the humidifier which i 've had to do anyways because the pink/red buildup of bacteria spreads all over the inside -LRB- especially in the many small , hard-to-reach areas -RRB- . after realizing the time and cost associated with using distilled water only -LRB- did this for a few days -RRB- , i decided to boil a large pot of tap water to reduce bacteria and let the minerals settle some to the bottom and i 've only used this kind of water in the humidifier , yet the bacteria is still everywhere . it became like this within 2-3 weeks of use . so it does not seem that the silver is keeping the water that clean .
 Is n't Activated Charcoal anti bacterial as well ? Does any body having experience with using Activated Charcoal and if so how would one use it ? No need to waste money on something which can be archived in a much more simple fashion .
 Besides the bad quality of the watch -LRB- equivalent to one of those cheap fake watches -RRB- , it is impractical to use this watch on a exam that has multiple sessions with different lengths . One has to adjust the watch for each different session times and numer of questions . It takes quit a bit of time and effort to do this . I imagine one can miss exam questions by operating the watch instead of concenrating on the exam .
 After having a great Citizen watch for 15 yrs , I found myself having to replace . I looked and looked for a very similar watch and I thought I found it with this one . I was SO disappointed as soon as I opened the box . The pearl face is not very pearl looking , more white than anything . The weight of the watch is very lite and cheap feeling . The band is scratchy and cheap looking.Overall , not a good purchase .
 Its a citizen watch so I am not questioning the quality and the price is good too . However , I wanted to gift it to my wife and as much elegant as the watch looks in the picture it feels really light . The watch has no weight to it . That might be a good thing for some but to me it just didnt do . I returned the watch .
 The first watch did n't work , so I ordered a replacement watch and that did n't work either . The watch should have been checked to make sure it was in working order . I suspect it 's the battery , but you should n't have to run out a buy a new battery when you receive a new product . If Citizen or Amazon was willing to reimburse me for a new battery I would have kept it . This is the last time I purchase anything from Amazon.com .
 The watch looks great , appears to be well constructed.Unfortunately , when tried to set the watch quickly found out the stem was n't working . It pulls out correctly -LRB- per instructions -RRB- , but seems to be problem with the stem/adjustment to set time on this watch.Will have to send watch back . If this is somehow a `` one-off '' problem with this particular watch - not a general defect - definitely would like to have proper working watch at the great price offered on Amazon . Hopefully , we can get a working watch back - will see .
 This watch is very nice . However , the crystals fell out while still in the box . Very strange . Reading the fine print in the warranty from Citizen , this is not covered . I would choose a different watch .
 I bought this as a gift for my wife a year ago and it has stopped working . And its not the battery . I have bought watches that were less costly and lasted way longer . I bought it because of the look and the CK brand name but in future I think I will stick to brand names that are known for making watches .
 i made a big mistake not purchasing this watch with amazon , i would have returned it.the only thing going for it is it ; s size.digital display is useless almost unreadable , the same applies to the bezel only worse , the back light could be allot better.when buying a watch do n't go by how it looks in a photo . as i have said buy your watches from amazon . spend some extra money as the cheap ones will only disappoint you .
 I purchased this watch about 3 weeks ago and I am have problems with it already . The second hand tends to get stuck consequently causing the minute and hour hands to stop as well . After a few hours or so it may decide to start working properly . Fortunately the digital clock on the watch still works , so far . I 'm just waiting for that to go soon . I do n't think I could get a bowl of soup for this watch ! I miss my Citizen . I suppose I do n't have to say it but I do not recommend this watch at all , unless its a gift for someone you do n't like much . Maybe I 'll give it to my father in law -LCB- ; o -RRB-
 I purchased this as a gift for my fiance , but after sometime the light inside the watch would not turn on ... & we have to pay $ 30.00 to repair it & it would stil do the same thing ... it was very embarrassing for me . .
 I have to agree with all the negative remarks about this watch . I too am a cargo pilot who bought this watch for use a night -LRB- when I happen to fly the most -RRB- . It 's fairly good to look at , but totally useless when it comes to reading and accessing the time at night ! I depend more on the built-in clocks on my GPS and Nav systems than on this watch . Combine all the negatives with the fact that it 's made in China ... and I 'd have to advise against purchasing this watch . Keep looking .
 I bought this watch a few years ago because I was looking for an everyday watch and I loved the look of it and Pulsar has a good reputation . I had problems with it almost immediately . The analog movement stopped . I did n't bother sending it back for quite some time because the digital part still worked fine . I thought maybe the battery was dead . I replaced it and found the movement was still not moving . I sent it back for repair many months later . I got it back and it worked for a few months and then stopped again . I was frustrated but again since the digital part worked I did n't send it back . As the warranty was nearing its end I decided I would and it back for repair . they fixed it again and sent it back to me . I had it for about 2 weeks and the watch has again stopped working . While I love the look of it and the hefty feel of it and I get a lot of compliments on it I can not recommend it to anyone . It is just not reliable . The other thing that is also annoying is that the digital part is easily sent out of whack ... going into different modes or even times zones because your wrist activates the buttons easily . This watch does feel well built and durable but it is just unreliable . A big disappointment .
 I 'm a great fan of chronograph watches because I like the way they look . I do n't really know how to use that feature and I dont even care . Having said that ... I bought this watch purely based on looks ... And I still like the way it looks . Its just that in over an year , I have started to dislike it more than its looks can compensate for.So here are the things that I hate : - First and foremost , the battery died on me in about 1 year - which is unacceptable for a watch in this price range.-The quickest way to tell an expensive watch apart from a cheap look-alike is by looking at the metal strap . While the metal strap here is not exactly flimsy , its not hefty enough too.-Switching from winter to summer time is more complicated than it should beTo summarize things , I paid $ 125 for this watch and I do n't feel that I got my money 's worth . I would n't recommend this watch to anyone . Sure it looks great , but there are plenty better looking options out there .
 I liked this watch for the first year . It had little flakinesses , but did what I wanted and was n't terribly expensive . But recently the buttons got too sticky to work any longer . I ca n't adjust it without a pair of pliers to pull the buttons back out after pressing them . Then yesterday the analog hands just stopped . I ca n't get them going again . Possible the battery is low , but the digital portion is going fine and it 's not old enough that the battery should be going . I 'm going back to Casio 's products , which always lasted me at least twice this long .
 I 'm an Air Force transport pilot and own several worldtime/chronographs . I thought this would be a sturdy , inexpensive addition to my collection , but I 'm returning it . It 's practically impossible to read in any lighting condition . There is no easy way to cycle through and display different city times . Also , the most ridiculous feature is that daylight savings time correction is applied to all time zones at once including UTC ! Hence , making the watch 's worldtime feature inaccurate half of the year . Pulsar has the potential for a good watch , but until the digital programming and lighting is fixed - do n't buy this model !
 Sent it back . Main reason
 Twice this watch came with a dead battery . They need to learn to pull the winding stem out while it 's sitting on the shelf in some wearhouse .
 These Activa watches are garbage . Do n't be suckered by `` Swiss Made '' or the photos of bespectacled watch engineers . -LRB- Any watch with a decent Swiss movement will be over $ 100 . -RRB- I bought an Activa very similar to this one -LRB- a `` pink cow '' watch -RRB- , which has stopped working within one year.If you do n't want your kids to be disappointed , I would recommend some other brand . I 'm sure Timex has some inexpensive kid 's watches -LRB- e.g. , Timex Kids ' Time Teacher Flowers Stretch Band Watch #T 89022 -RRB- , and their unglamorous Chinese movements seem to work just fine for years and years . But if your kid is going to break the watch anyway within a few months , or ca n't tell time , or does n't even care if the watch hands are moving , then I guess the Activa is fine as a sort of watch-like bracelet .
 Would prefer the standard adjustable strap than the `` button '' strap . Also not easy to read time for a beginner .
 The only reason I even gave it one star is because it 's cute ! However , it was shipped to me not working . It is suppose to be new , but it looks used . The container it came in has seen better days . Based on the condition of this watch I would n't purchase any Activa watch !!! I will be returning this one !
 Been happy with Swatch Irony models for last decade but this one is very difficult to read , poor visual design of face and hands .
 I purchased one of these watches for Christmas 2011 . The package arrived with a lot of nice materials but would not work . After calling Tissot , I was told that my `` new '' watch needed a new battery . I asked how a new watch could need a battery so soon , and Tissot 's response was that this model had been discontinued 12 years ago !! Amazon is selling really , really old stock.In order to warrant that the watch would remain water proof after removing the back to replace the battery , Tissot required that I send the watch to their repair center in New Jersey . The bill was going to be about $ 80 to get my new watch to work !! The replacement costs were to be paid totally by me because of the age of the watch AND the fact that Amazon is not an authorized Tissot dealer.I then called Amazon , and they sent a return label and authorized a full refund without any squabbling at all . My experience with Amazom has been 100 % excellent for each and every order , and this was the first time I asked to make a return . I had owned the watch for a couple months longer than their standard return policy allows , but they still took the return based on the circumstances.Kudos to Amazon for customer service , but do n't bother with this watch ... they are ALL due for a new battery !!
 This product is offered with or without the timer for a difference of $ 20 . The timer included is a plug in lamp timer that you can buy at a hardware or discout store for $ 6 . The product description says that it is oak . It is not . It is a glossy cherry finish . The description also says that it comes with an ac adapter implying that it also runs on batteries . It does n't . It only plugs into a wall outlet . The workmanship is very poor . I would not reccomend buying this product .
 You can read my original review below . Unfortunately , during the past year I have had to replace the pins that attach the watch to the bracelet no fewer than ten times ! This is clearly a design flaw . It 's too bad , because I love the look of the watch and it works perfectly , but if it wo n't stay on your wrist , it ca n't really be called a wristwatch , can it ? Stay away from this one.Original review : This is an excellent all-around watch . Elegant enough for the boardroom or that special evening out , and practical enough to take snorkeling or skiing . The luminous hands and hour markers are bright in the dark and the numbers on the chronograph dials are easy to read . The satin-finish bracelet strikes just the right balance visually and the whole watch feels substantial and well made . As for the price , let me say this
 I own three Citizen watches , ranging in price from $ 400 to $ 129 , and have been extremely pleased with them . I bought this one to give as a gift , and it does not reach the same standard as the others I bought . I guess for the price it is reasonable , but it just feels ... cheap . It reminds me of Fossil watches -- extremely heavy bracelet , chunky , etc. . In fact , you can get a nicer Fossil watch for the money you spend on this one . Looking at the picture , it seems as if the bezel would turn , as on many watches -- but it does not . This is the first time Citizen has let me down .
 I bought this watch exaclty one year ago -LRB- Nov 2011 -RRB- , I started noticing in Sept of 2012 -LRB- less than a year -RRB- , that I started losing 7 minutes every month . A watch is no good if it ca n't keep time . Very dissappointed in purchase . I attempted to return to Amazon with no luck . I wish I could get my money back . DO NOT PURCHASE IF YOU CARE ABOUT BEING ON TIME .
 I would not recommend this watch . I wore it for less than a year casually and the face got all scratched up and pins in the band broke when I was playing tennis . The face scratches much easier than my other watches . . I have a esq , gshock , and rolex . none have scratches on the face , this one has MANY . I do n't even wear it anymore .
 I got this watch for my father-in-law because he likes citizen brand . He loved the look but soon discovered that the watch needs to be constantly adjusted it 's alternately too fast or too slow . He believes it is a fake . I am embarrassed to have bought it for him .
 This like many Tommy Bahama watches are great looking and keep good time but the wristbands are not long enough . I 'm on the last or second to last hole . The newer TM watches have a longer band but the older ones are a tight squeeze .
 I have owned this watch for 3 years . It looks nice and stays clean , but the quality is horrible . I have sent it in two times . Once , because the time would not work properly , the second time because the date would not change properly . The date still does not change , but needs to be manually changed every day . I would not recommend this watch , and have no intention on owning any other Citizen products .
 This looks pretty cool . That 's why I chose this item for my daughter.But the package was not perfect and it even did n't work.Even I returned and got new one , but so did it.Horrible watch it is .
 This watch looks really cheap and is HUGE - my husband wo n't wear it because it looks like a kid with his dad 's watch on . The seller charges you $ 10.95 to return-it 's a `` restocking fee '' - unless you purchase another watch from them.Plus shipping and insurance , of course . I was dissatisfied with the beat up package , the watch , and the customer charges . Read their policy before buying . Lots of other sellers carry these watches , so I 'd play it safe and use on of them .
 I 'm not happy it came to me not working . I 'm going to get a new battery if that does n't work I will return it and hope I will get a full return . I feel I should be given a credit for the new battery I have to get .
 I was so excited to get this as a gift for my husband . He 's had lots of trouble with the batteries in his other citizen watch . When the watch arrived I learned it was not an eco-drive watch as advertised . Nice looking watch but not what I wanted . This was false advertising .
 One reviewer noted that the watch was darker than the image . I am aware that color can vary from monitor to monitor , so I let it slide . However , when I received the watch , I could not read it in light ! The face is actually a metalic blue , creating a glare -LRB- image suggests a flat face -RRB- , and the numbers looked like raised silver , not flat white like the watch image alludes to . This was either photoshopped or taken under special lights , as I was not able to even closely get the watch to be readable like I thought -LRB- and I work in photoshop and photography ! -RRB- . Would have LOVED the watch if I could have used it , and it looked SIMILAR to image ! Had the face been flat -LRB- and not shiny metallic -RRB- , even darker would have been acceptable .
 This watch broke within 3 days where the pins attach to the case . the case is made of resin that is not strong enough for a sports watch in my opinion . It broke while cycling . I had another identical watch that lasted two months then broke when skiing . I think it 's the hand folding '' back '' action while gripping something that did it . My wrist is normal , I 'm 5 ' 7 '' . Otherwise I like the style and functions .
 The watch was of medium quality . Very hard to read the date . Watch band leather became dark and oily looking . Watch keeps good time .
 The watch broke where the pin that holds the band is inserted , and cracked at the case screw . The pin was covered by the rubber watch band , and there is no impact at all to the case . I was driving a car when the case cracked . Casio said cracks in the case are not covered under warranty . It was only 6 months old .
 I 'm owned Casio Data Bank watches for 25 years , when they ware out about every ten years I buy a new one . They have dominated this market from the first watch introduced . However , this model is a bust ! Too complicated to do simple functions . Takes too long to enter data too many key strokes . The alarm works for 10 seconds and goes off . Any of the older models would please you but stay away from this model .
 Great watch but it takes a very hard push to depress the calculator buttons . I need to watch the display after hitting every digit to make sure it was entered . This makes doing calculations on this watch a very slow process and since it can only do simple calculations , it 's easier for me to do them in my head/on paper .
 I loved my last Casio Databank , but this replacement has a very weak light . The buttons are harder to use . It lasted only about 6 months before it stopped working . To be avoided .
 I bought this watch thinking the reviews talking about the buttons being hard to press down were just from picky people . You seriously have to hit the keys at just the right angle with a lot of force to get the button to respond . With the watch on your wrist , it becomes even harder to push the buttons . You have to have your wrist on some surface in order to have enough support when pushing down so hard to push the button.From a design standpoint , the buttons were designed so that the watch could be very water resistant . They made a single plastic face that covers all the buttons underneath . With the single plastic face , it prevented less cracks that can cause water to get inside the watch . When you push down , the plastic face suppresses the desired button below it enough for a response . The problem is that the plastic face is too stiff and hard to push the buttons below.You are buying this watch if you want to look at the clock . You are not buying this watch if you want to use the calculator or other features .
 I gave it 1 star because it would not let me leave NO STARS ... what a piece of junk . Thin razor sharp edges like tin - would have DEFINITELY SCRATCHED MY WATCH if I installed it ... lightweight cheap links ... big fat `` MADE IN CHINA '' sticker on it . What garbage . I sent it right back . Amazon should really be more descriptive and post more detailed large pics of junk like this so people who appreciate QUALITY do not have to waste their time with junk like this .
 The product came without instructions and when I inqured I was directed to the vendor 's website . There were directions but not for this particular product . So it 's useless . I wasted $ 34 .
 This item was supposed to be &#34; Water resistant to 200 meters assisted by the screw-down case and crown . &#34; The watch when received did not have a screw down case and crown . Water resistance was doubtful . Returned the watch .
 I bought one of these watches in 1985 . It was a tank . It took much abuse and kept on running . Because of the heaviness of the watch the band would break often and hit the asphalt/concrete . After a few years of repeated bonking on the hard surfaces it finally quit . -LRB- I wish i had put a good fabric band on it -RRB- . Anyway , i bought one of these watches last year -LRB- 2010 -RRB- and it was a creampuff . Any jar to my arm and it would stop running . Very disappointing . This is the only watch i really desire to own , but because of the unreliability i had to leave it in the fond memories of yesteryear . -LRB- I actually bought a sport model Seiko automatic before i made this purchase in 2010 -- same problem . I sent both watches back and opted for the SKA413 . -RRB- Inferior construction/materials for the automatics nowadays ? Not sure .
 While I initially liked the idea of an automatic watch , I quickly realized that no amount of arm movement kept the watching running at the correct time . I put up with it because I really liked the style and the fact that I could dive with it without ever opening up the case to replace a battery . Unfortunately , over time , after resetting the time virtually every day , I needed to replace the o-ring in the crown . While I do n't see this problem listed in other reviews , I 'm curious if my watch has always been defective , or if others have failed to mention this issue .
 Got this watch for my cousin we do n't like is nothing like it looks online it looks very cheap . do n't buy it
 Mine worked fine when I first got it , but it stopped working a few hours later . I figured it just needed a good shake , and sure enough , it started right up . Over the next few months , it would occasionally hiccup like that , but after I gave it a shake , it would start again . When I first got it , it kept extremely accurate time -LRB- less than +5 secs per week , according to my atomic clock app -RRB- , but as time went on -LRB- ha ! -RRB- , it got progressively worse , until I was losing 8 minutes a week . And 9 mos later , it stopped for good , and no amount of shaking would start it back up . Extremely disappointed , I wish I had read the reviews and seen that this particular seller/watch has had QC issues . Based on this experience , I 'm looking for an SKX007J from a different seller.For those who get a good copy , I 'm sure it 's a great watch , just a note of caution for those looking here .
 This watch jumps 30 seconds ahead each day and it is only 3 months old . Seiko told me that 20 seconds a day is `` acceptable '' . I do n't find this acceptable . I have owned other automatic watches and have never experienced this . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy this watch unless you do n't care about knowing what time it is !
 Watch out ! I got the watch scratched on July 17th , I returned it , then was denied a refund/replacement . Amazon was useless in my claim , they backed up Mrwatch . They then didnt return the watch to my house , I dont know where it is . Today is August 20th . Watch out !
 The watch looks nice , however after few days of use , it stops working without any reason . We tried reading the manual , kept using it to see if was some mistake , but it stopped again when we were out of the country last week . I do n't want this watch anymore !
 I had a Seiko Men 's Diver 's Watch for about 10 years , and it was great . Reading reviews on several of the Seiko models , I saw several complaints about watches gaining time ; the SKX007K did n't have any of those complaints , so I went with it . It arrived looking great , and worked very well ... for about a month.Well , for the last two days it 's been gaining between 5 and 10 minutes an hour . I just emailed the seller -LRB- I 'm in Iraq and ca n't call -RRB- . We 'll see how responsive and user-friendly they are , but bear in mind your chances of getting a problem watch . Check the number of positive reviews , count how many complaints of gaining time -LRB- and I do n't mean something trivial like gaining 3 seconds a day -RRB- , and calculate the chances of having to go through what I 'm dealing with now .
 I purchased this watch in June 2008 . It was gently worn - never dropped , never worn in the water , etc. . I did use the timers and alarms frequently . It quit working in November 2008 . I took it in to have the battery replaced , and I was told it was not a battery issue . A new battery did not resolve the problem . The digital face just quit working . My last watch ran beautifully for 7 years . I 'm not impressed with a 5 month life span . I have not tried to return it yet - hopefully the manufacturer will replace it . Regardless , I do not recommend the product .
 Very bad choice . Worked 3 months and and would not wind ! I have read other reviews that warned of this . I should have listened . I wonder if it is a real Seiko .
 I bought this watch and I really enjoyed having it . Looks great , is comfortable to wear and water resistant . But my joy only lasted 1.5 yrs , then the watch started running fast , around 1.5 hrs per day . Repairing it would cost me almost as much as I paid for it . A watch like this should really last a little bit longer ...
 I 've had this watch for over four years.It has constantly run fast . I need to adjustit every week . The stainless steel bracelet also came apart on one sidewhere it connects to the timepiece.It is good looking and I get some compiments on it butoverall I 'm unhappy with its performance and construction .
 I believe this to be a grey market version of the SKX009 . It appears authentic but was missing a warranty card . I did n't notice until 30 days after receiving it . It has a rattle when I shake it and I was going to return it for warranty repair but when I went to check the box it came with , there is no warranty card which Seiko requires for repair without charge . I 'm disappointed , Amazon .
 I had the exact same thing happen . The watch quit working after about 5 months . I hit a button to change the mode and blip . Nothing . Looking for a new battery for it now to see if that 's the problem but after I read the other review I have a feeling it 's a lemon . Too bad it was a gift so I ca n't return it .
 Customer service is one of the best out there but the watch looked a little out of date . Over all ok but Iv ' e had better
 Well it was cheap , what do you expect ? This watch lasted only for 2 days before it started falling apart . Atlest for 20 bucks it could have just lasted for one week ! Common folks ! Be realistic , if you are trying to buy this watch , give the money to charity . it will be more valuable !!!!
 I bought it as a gift for my mother-in-law about a year ago , who came to visit me recently . She brought the watch with her and told me it never worked , not for a single day . I went to spend $ $ to change the battery and now it is running at least . Let 's hope it is only the battery issue .
 I returned this watch . It was way too big . I think it was a man 's watch .
 Amazon should make clearer that this is NOT an automatic watch . I mean , I only realized this after the armored car delivered it at my home a couple of days ago , and now Amazon want to charge me $ 75K `` restocking fee '' because it is not technically `` defective '' . Any watch over $ 500 that not automatic is defective for me , not to mention one a thousand times more expensive . I tried selling it in the black market , but no body wants to pay over $ 10K for a `` quartz movement '' . Shame on you Amazon !
 The recent change from Daylight to Standard was a pleasant surprise as the watch changed the time as opposed to the previous time change , when it took 2 days for it to take place . I was trying to change it manually but could not navigate the instructions and ALL the buttons . June was a month in which I went from Central Daylight to Eastern for 3 days and never switched as it should automatically do so . That was sole reason for buying this watch as NO MORE setting the watch . It is too heavy . It shows only date and if one wants to see the day , you need to push 2 buttons . I do not like it .
 I have had this watch for six months and had to repair it twice so far . The mechanism jams and the watch will not work . A watch maker has to open and unjam it . To completely fix it will cost more than the value of the watch . Apparently the main spring can break if you overwind it .
 I never received the item . It was a special xmas gift for my BF . When I contacted the seller , I never recieved a response .
 The watch is very nice however , the metal scratches very easily . I 've had other watches , all different brands and none of them scratch like this one . Spending as much as I did on it , I 'm afraid to even wear it ! Not sure what kind of metal this made out of but it is very soft and you may want to think twice about purchasing this watch .
 The shipping did take a good 2 wks before it got to me . Then the watch band clasps wont even close . Lastly the crystal of the watch is already blurry -LRB- foggy -RRB- from me washing my hands . So much for a `` water resistant '' watch . But what can you expect for 14.99 ? This was by far the worse purchase ever !
 It is likely that you will not be able to find this watch . I thought I got so lucky to be able to buy one.The style is gorgeous but this watch is so old now . They are n't making them any more.I was sold another watch under false pretenses -LRB- pretending to be this watch -RRB- so my experience with THIS LISTING has been wholly unpleasant . I 'm sure the actual product is fine but good luck finding one .
 The watch arrived broken and not working , had to spend an extra $ 30 to get it repaired .
 This watch only lasted about 16 months . I thought it was the battery but it was a complete failure . Never had a watch that lasted only months ?????? Junk !
 We did not like the watch when it arrived . The strap is cheap quality . We sent a mail to Watch Values -LRB- using the link provided in Amazon.com - there was no telephone number provided -RRB- asking to what address we should return the watch . Never received a reply . We then contacted Amazon customer service and got it resolved .
 Watchzone is clumsy and incompetent . The product I ordered never arrived . Instead of the $ 900 Gucci men 's watch that I ordered and anxiously expected to arrive , I received a $ 450 woman 's watch that Watchzone later reluctantly claimed was mispackaged . Watchzone paid no mind or concern for the effort I had to take to drive to UPS -LRB- the package had to be signed for an I work during the day so I had to drive to a UPS location to sign for it -RRB- or for the time and effort it took to repackage and drive back to the UPS location . When I called to try and return the obvious mistake , Watchzone was clueless . At no time did they apologize or offer any compensation for their mistake . Needless to say , after this painful experience , I did not try to get my originally ordered watch .
 In addition to the cost of having a jeweler fix my band , the sun baked the face of my watch turning the display solid black . These watches are cheap for a reason . They are designed poorly and made with junk . So , now what choice do I have but to throw away a watch not even worth chasing down the warranty for . What a disspointment !
 I purchased this watch only to discover that the watch band was way too big for me . You are supposed to be able to make it smaller by removing pins in the band by use of a paper clip . It does not work . You then have to take it to a jeweler -LRB- which is what LaCrosse recommends -RRB- to have the band shortened . So what you save on the watch you will end up paying the jeweler . Find a watch with a leather strap or an regular expansion band .
 I wanted a watch that was dressy as well as water resistant . The description of this watch is that is is water resistant up to 99 feet . This is not true . I went down a water slide and the watch had water in it . Also , being a chronograph watch , the bottom button is suppose to reset the second hand to 12 . It only reset to 9 . All in all while being a beautiful watch , it was not at all water resistant . I returned the watch without a problem although I had to pay the return shipping on a watch that was defective and i was not offered a replacement - only a refund . I felt that due to the fact that the second hand did not function properly , I should not be responsible for the return shipping cost . I have now ordered a Bulova Marine Star watch which is sure to be water resistant , so I understand .
 The `` diamonds '' are closer to `` diamond dust '' than actual diamonds . The photo is a bit misleading , as it makes the watch appear larger than it really is !
 What can I say it 's good for reflecting light and blinding people .
 I received the watch and the hands were broken . I e-mailed the company and they are sending a new watch , however it is out of stock till the end of February . They send the UPS mishandled it . I feel that it was not mishandled . I believe it was broken before it left the company . This was very dissapointing since it was a Christmas gift .
 I have had this watch for less than 3 months and today while I was putting the watch on the band portion broke in half . Very poor quality , considering the price and I have always been very careful with it . Also , I agree with the other reviewer , it scratches way too easily . Cute watch , but I would pass due to the quality .
 Very cute watches , unfortunately they are not well made . I bought two of these watches and both of the faces fell off of them within a matter of months . I did n't wear this watch everyday or submerge it in water at any time . Very poor quality , would not recommend .
 I really loved this watch ... very stylish and modern ... perfectly said by the other reviewer . but then , the part that holds the strap to the watch broke and I could n't get it repaired . So much for the style if you ca n't use it and it 's not cheap too !!! It 's 85 bucks ! I 've only used it for 4 months !!!
 So I 've been eyeing this watch for a while and wife got it for me as a gift.We ended up returning it.I saw this on somebody and it looked real good . The picture looks good too . HOWEVER , once you get a close look , you 'll realize how small the diamonds are . And the whole watch itself looks a bit like a toy ... just not quality like some of the more expensive ones ... granted , the price point is what it is . But you can buy a Movado and other such watches that are 1 or 2 tiers higher than a Bulova for a hundred or 150 more.Again , the watch does look good from afar . I do have another Bulova that I like and others do as well . So not knocking the brand itself but that one also has diamonds in place of numbers but they are also very tiny with shiny square metal piece underneath to make it look bigger . I think this is what all lower tier watch makers do .
 everything on this watch is so tiny that i had to send it back . you can not read the dials to see the date with the naked eye . it is a beautiful watch if you do not need to use the functions .
 I bought a new watch from Amazon but I returned it because the watch had lots scratch on bracelet . I ordered thtee times but everything had scratches . I am so disappointment about amazon . Please check product before shipping to customers in order not to spend their time .
 I do n't even know if these watches are real . I ordered two of them and they both had scratches all over the bands as if they were rubbed against a brillo pad . I went to the Bulova website and the watch model number did n't even pop-up on their site ! Also , kinda on the lite side for me . Can someone tell me if these are real or knock offs . Returning both of them !
 Watch is nice and the band is very good quality but the movement gains about 5 minutes every 3 days . Quality control was not as important when it came to function as it was for looks.Can be adjusted easy enough , should you have a competent jeweler that you can take it to . How many Jewelers you know out there with the tools to work on a mechanical movement ? And the pressure chamber to test for water leaks.The price is right for an Automatic watch . You should ask that it be checked for accuracy before delivery .
 If this watch is as bad as the other Invicta Women 's Automatic Pro Diver , then save your money . It began losing time within 60 days of purchase , and of course , I would have to pay a $ 25 handling fee to get it fixed . For this piece of junk , I did n't bother . Save your money and go for a more reliable brand with a better warrantee .
 Like the other reviewer , my watch turned out to be an expensive piece of junk that began losing time within 60 days . Upon doing some research , I suspect that is a common issue with these watches . Save your money and buy a watch that will actually tell the correct time .
 It was very hard to set the time and date.That was not too bad but the watch kept stopping after only running for a short time.In other words it was defective and I was forced to return it.It was a very pretty watch and my wife liked it but it was basicly unusable.If I thought the problem was only with this watch I would have exchanged it but I suspect the problem is with the basic design and/or manufacture .
 AFTER 60 DAYS OF BUYING THE WATCH STOPED WORKING . EVEN $ 5 WATCHES WORK LONGER , THEN THIS WATCH . I HOPE I 'LL BE ABLE TO RETURN IT .
 I love the look of the watch and received many compliments . However , it stopped working after 18 months . Guess I was luckier than some . Checked into the web site to find out about repairing the watch . May as well buy another watch by the time you get done paying for repairs .
 CONS1-this watch loses about 5-15 minutes daily -LRB- lost time increasing ; 2-has a screw-down case ; if you do n't screw it down it 's not waterproof , and it 's very difficult -LRB- sometimes impossible -RRB- to screw it down3-when adjusting the time , the date moves forward by a day , so you have to go thru the whole month to get back to `` today `` PROS1-it 's gorgeous for a diver 's watchI 'm sending it in for repair . If the company makes good I 'll report back -LRB- Note that the `` free '' repair will cost me $ 25 in S&H ; there goes the bargain ! I wish I had chosen the Pulsar.UPDATESince the watch is under warranty , I 've been calling Invicta -LRB- a long distance call -RRB- . My experience so far
 I can live with the annoying date-setting issue mentioned above , but what I can not live with is the fact that it looses anywhere from 15-20 minutes a day . For a `` quality '' watch , that is inexcusable . I purchased this nicer watch , rather than sticking with `` disposible '' watches like Timex , because it seemed that it would work well for someone with an active lifestyle , whose watches get soaked and beaten up on a daily basis . I think I should have stuck with the Timex . I am very disappointed with this purchase , and , if like the poster above , I have to shell out $ 25 to get the piece of junk fixed , I can guarantee that I will never purchase another in the future .
 it is very weak product , looks not good . I suggest not to buy this watch . Especially its thickness is to high
 I purchased this as a Christams Gift for my mother . I know that KC has nice quality products under normal circumstances , but once my mom opened the watch she noticed that the leather on the band was cracked . Needless to say , I returned the gift and purchased another brand .
 Terrible battery life , light does n't illuminate well , settings are not intuitive . Although this watch may seem like a good deal , there are better quality watches out there for the same price .
 REVISED . . THERE IS NO MANUFACTURER WAURENTEE WITH THIS PRODUCT !!! I have a problem with watch and service center says I need a manufactures waurentee card . No card came with the watch . In the fine print of the item description it says Amazon.com waurentee . That means 30 days only . Bad business.My original review.Very high quality look and feel . Reasonable price.The blue dial color is quite dark . Looks elegant in brighter light . Looks almost black in dim light .
 Wore it very lightly for about 18 months . I have about 10 watches from cheap solar casios to a Ball `` Engineer . '' Story : So I think it needs a new battery . I have it replaced . Still seems funny , but I do n't get around to looking at it . SO I finally send it in 2 months after the warranty runs out . Tissot -LRB- Swatch -RRB- wants 200.00 to fix . WOuld not say whats wrong , just 200.00 . SO I guess every 2-3 years they keep wanting to charge you 200 for your watch . Their web page even says this . 3-5 years full service , 200.00 . Sheesh ca n't by anything nice now . Do n't by Tissot .
 I purchased this watch as a gift for my father 's birthday . Initially the problem was that the watch was shipped in a box for a different item so instructions were not helpful . When I approached the vendor they suggested that I have my father call so they could walk him through it . Unfortunately my dad is 77 and his primary language is not English so this would not work . A couple of weeks later my dad called to say the watch had stopped working altogether . I asked the vendor for return instructions and was asked if the watch had ever been used . This has been an extremely negative experience and I will follow up with Amazon for a refund .
 I ordered a Swiss Army Men 's Original watch # 24506The watch arrived used , scratched and dirty ; they did n't even bother to wipe off the sweat from whomever used it before . Shame on this vendor .
 Very disappointing as this was to be a gift . The watch arrived with a filty band , and the back of the watch was severaly scratched . The company did not respond in a timely manner and I had to contact Amazon for help . But the company did refund my money .
 This is my second Tissot of the same model . After using it for 10 months , water leaked into it -LRB- I did n't bath/swim or dive with it -RRB- . It then stopped working all together . I 'll never buy this model again .
 As another reviewer stated , it does not hold a `` charge '' for more than a day and a half or so , but for those of us who wear it every day this is not a problem . This watch looks great and worked well for about two years . After two years , however , the watch lost its ability to keep accurate time . Within a week , the watch would gain up to 5 minutes . I sent it to Swiss Army 's authorized repair center in CA -LRB- Rafael Jewelers -RRB- . They `` repaired it '' and sent it back after holding it for about a month . Within a few days , I noticed the problem had resurfaced . Submitted it to them again and told them that the calibration they did last time had n't worked . Almost two months later I got it back for the second time . Again , within a week , same problem . I contacted Victorinox 's Customer Service Department and explained the situation . They told me to submit the watch directly to them and their repair department would take care of the issue . They sent the watch back to me within a few weeks and , yes I believe you 've guessed it , the problem was NOT fixed . I spoke to them and , rather upset at this point and having been unable to enjoy my watch for nearly 6 months , asked what good my 3 year warranty was if nobody could repair the watch for me . They asked me to send it back again and they have now issued me a replacement.I 'm glad to have a replacement coming and I expect that I will get at least two years out of it ... Overall I was happy with the watch when it worked , but my opinion of Swiss Army and the longevity of their products has diminished . I will not by a Victorinox watch again .
 The battery in this lasted about a month , and the dial is hard to read , terrible.Would not buy from Kenneth Cole again .
 I ordered this through the seller `` Just Brands '' on Amazon , and in person the watch is actually much more chunky and masculine than the picture . I attempted to return it and Just Brands was the worst company I 've ever had to deal with . They were impossible to get a hold of in order to get an authorization number to return the watch . Then once I returned it they denied receiving it even though I had a delivery confirmation from the post office . Luckily Amazon refunded my money . I really liked the look of the watch on Amazon , but when I saw it in person , it was just too big .
 Hello ? The sixties want their digital display technology back.The cheapest cell phone displays the time with a readable attractive font.Why do watch makers think that seven segment displays are anything butincredibly ugly and primitive as hell ?
 The watch looks quite simple , even cheap . This is my third Tissot watch and the worst.Very disappointed with the seller - 3 days to wait for the shipping and even worse - there was no Tissot label tag with price and bar code on the watch ! Is it a fake ? I do n't know ...
 I was surprised to see that this watch is too small even for me as I have medium wrist.I returned it and ordered T0334101601300 . That looks better . Trust me I dont like big watches !
 This watch is practically too small even for my 4 '11 girlfriend . I am about 6 ' 1 and I 'm terribly dissapointed at how petite this watch is . Makes my forearms look gigantic . I feel like I got a size extra small . Honestly have been looking at this watch for almost a year . When the price dropped I had to get it . Extremely dissapointed , this watch might look good on a 13 year old girl , but other then that , do n't bother gents . I 'm about to write tissot and complain . Anyone else have this problem ?
 WARNING - DO NOT BUY VICTORINOX SWISS ARMY !!! Had this watch for 13 months , and was exactly what I wanted . However , it fogged up on month 13 . Sent it to Victorinox for repair . The unit was purchased from an AUTHORIZED VICTORINOX SWISS ARMY seller . BUT because I bought it through their Amazon Store Front , Victorinox WILL NOT HONOR THEIR WARRANTY . They want around $ 250 for repairs . I can not do business with a manufacturer who excludes their warranties on technicalities.Amazon is attempting to find some type of solution to the issue . Because it was bought from a ` store front ' , Amazon 's 2 year warranty does not apply either . I am waiting to hear back from the seller , who told me in an e-mail that they were an authorized seller for Swiss Army . I may be stuck.WARNING - DO NOT BUY VICTORINOX SWISS ARMY !!!
 I bought this watch about a year ago . It is a great looking watch no doubt . I was surprised to see that the watch would gain 2-3 min per day ! I took the watch back to Macy 's where I purchased it , and was told that automatic watches are known for inaccuracy , and 1 minute/day is not unheard of . I called Swiss Army -LRB- Victorinox -RRB- and they said that they could recalibrate the watch under warranty . I sent the watch in for recalibration , and approximately 8 weeks later the watch was sent back to me . Now the watch runs slow about 2 minutes per day . When you purchase a watch for close to $ 1000 you expect that the watch will be accurate without daily adjustments.I have finally thrown in the towel and just purchased a Movado Series 800 SubSea watch , that is Quartz based and looks fantastic.If you are ok with constantly resetting your watch , you will be happy , but if you do n't want to be late to meetings , etc , then this watch is not for you .
 But this is pitiful!I understand the difference between cheap and well made items , and I specifically got this because it was cheap and looked pretty neat . But two days after I got it the orange ring fell off . For no specific reason . It happened over the weekend , so I had n't even been at work to damage it or anything.Looks neat , but not worth the money , small amount as it is.Two thumbs down .
 Very Unhappy with my purchase . The watch is not as waterproof as it claims .
 I will be sending this product back . It came in a Swiss Army box , but not the one that the watches come in . All the plastic covers look like they were taken off , stuck on a dirty window and then put back on . Everything about it makes it feel like somebody wore it for a year and decided to sell it . There 's no way I can give this out as a Christmas Gift . Very disappointing .
 This watch looks absolutely amazing , but I am very disappointed . The battery in mine died in less than a year.The way the watch is designed , you either have to have a `` certified jeweler '' replace , or , send back to Nixon & they 'll replace for a `` normal fee '' . When I plugged in the info on their webpage , it quoted me -LRB- possible -RRB- fee of 42 dollars , including shipping ! Thats almost 25 % of the cost I paid for the thing , to replace the battery !! That bites , BIG time ...
 I would love to be able to comment on the actual watch , sadly I am unable to even pick up the product . Restrictions were placed on my package requiring that a person 21 or older signer for the package . Nobody I live with fits this requirement . When contacting the company I received an extremely rude response stating that they would not fix the issue even if they were able to make changes . Extremely poor customer service led me to give it a 1 star rating . Would give 0 stars if possible . The watch looks nice and was exactly what my boyfriend asked for , but customer service who could care less if you even receive the product is unacceptable . Will buy elsewhere next time .
 Received the watch on 1/6 had to return on January 26 - only had it on my arm for 3 days . Beautiful watch but it only operated long enough to fall outside the return window . Had to return to watch mfg. -LRB- my nickel -RRB- and pay a $ 15 shipping and handling charge for return . In addition , if it is only the battery I have to pay for that as well . So I could never recommend this watch .
 I had to send this watch back because it was very small and the face was barely visible .
 Thought watch was beautiful online . Very different . In person , it justs looks a little strange . Quality is so so . Watch more for the `` hip-alternative '' type person .
 It was much bigger than I thought the picture looked . It was too big for me . But I returned it weeks ago , and have heard nothing , nor have I seen a refund on my credit card ... should I be worried ?
 I purchased this watch June 2007 , water has gotten into it and has fogged the dial . I have contacted Swiss Army and I am waiting for their reply . It 's a shame , I 've had Swiss Army watches that lasted 10 years + .
 I got the watch for my wife , however it is way to big for a woman .
 I ` am very dissapointed with the shipping service.My product was shipped on Jun-15-2008 but until now Jul-10-2008 I did n't receive it .
 In every way except one I love this watch . The nylon band was comfortable , the dial was easily read and astoundingly bright at night . But for the price paid and the advertised -LRB- and expected -RRB- quality , the minute hand never lined up with the numbers/dots . I expected better . I kept the watch and still have it but I continue to be disappointed in the minute hand 's alignment . I wo n't buy another . I want to qualify one thing
 I am very disappointed about the product . The product i received is luminox a3901 series II instead of luminox a3901 original version -LRB- the picture one -RRB- . I have found the original one for a long time . The luminox a3901 series II can buy in everywhere but the luminox a3901 original has been stopped produced . When I see the original one in amazon , i was very happy that i finally can have one . however , the product i received is just a extremely normal one . So disappointed !
 Really liked the watch as soon as I got it - it was just what I was looking for . But soon it became apparent that the minute and hour hands were out of sync . When the minute hand reaches the 12 the hour hand is well past the hour it is supposed to be at . I 've had the watch about 8 months now and it gets more and more out of sync . I guess I could send it in to be looked at but still have to pay $ 10 to have just that done . I decided to forget the whole thing and get some other watch . Very disappointing .
 My wife bought me the yellow face version a few years ago . Boy was I overjoyed at the yellow face with the Seal logo . However after two years it stopped working . I thought the battery was bad . Took it to get it replaced and found salt water had entered it and caused damage . It was over $ 90 to get repaired . I sold the watch for $ 50 and bought me a Tommy Bahama instead with a yellow face . I will never buy brand again or recommend one to anyone .
 *** WARNING -- DO NOT BUY YOUR LUMINOX WATCH FROM AMAZON.COM *** LUMINOX WILL SAY AMAZON.COM IS NOT AN `` AUTHORIZED '' SELLER AND WILL NOT HONOR THEIR WARRANTY.Mine broke in a year and I just had this problem .
 My wife and son bought me a luminox water resistant watch for christmas one year.It was a fairly expensive watch and I was happy with it for two years.At that time I was stepping aboard my boat when the pin holding the band fell out . I caught the watch just before it hit the salt water where it would have been lost forever . It might as well have been . I replaced the pin and it happened again . I took the watch to the jewelry store and was told that the watch could not be fixed as the stainless pins had worn out the rubber where the ends of the pins seat . The name Navy Seals suggests that this is one tough watch which it is not . Stainless pins must have a metal seat .
 First , let it be said that Amazon and the contracted seller , Dexclusive , are awesome ! No fault there at all!I bought the watch because of the tritium markings , combined with Swiss quality . We do a lot of night operations , and the tritium on the numbers and hands -LRB- even the second hand -RRB- are perfect ! Bright enough that you can see the time at a glance in ANY condition without having to push a `` light '' button , but not so much as to give away a position . No question , exactly what I 've bee looking for.The first thing I noticed was an occasional catch when I was resetting the date or time . The second thing was that I was doing this reset at least twice a week . Not for a few seconds off . It might be 3 or 4 minutes , it has skipped hours before ! Had the battery changed 3 times just to be sure , same result . This has gone on for 6 months . Thirdly , the SEALS I knew back in my Navy days would not have allowed their insignia on this thing . A tactical watch that erratically skips time ?! Guess I 'll try Smith & Wesson.UPDATE
 I am a bit of a watch dork and own several diving watches . I read the good and bad of this watch and figured i 'd give it a fair shake and bought it as a graduation gift for my son , who is on his way to hawaii for college and needed a nice diving/water sports watch . This this is very light , made of composite materials and feels like you are not wearing anything . While it claims to be water resistant to 200 meters , it started fogging up just wearing it around and had water in it after a shower . the back has four screws that hold it down instead of using a screw down case like finer dive watches . after taking it to a watch repair place locally , they told me the case had a small crack that was only visible under magnification . I contacted the seller and they told me that they take pictures of all their watches for `` security reasons '' , that they do n't sell damaged watches , and that they would charge me to fix or replace it , even though I contacted them well under the warranty period . This is a cheap product with an expensive price tag and a company that has horrible customer service . I should have stuck with Seiko !!!
 give my bag my money the is damage that is bad for your i do n't want buy nathing for this way
 I ordered this product on amazon , I owned this product for about a month , when I received it there was a small hair inside the watch , hardly noticeable , after about 3-4 weeks I noticed that the light on the bezel and the second hand had fallen off . I called the service center and they felt they could not cover the watch under warranty because it was purchased on amazon , after much hassle and contacting the seller as well as a manager there they agreed to repair the watch . I received the watch back a couple weeks later , and bezel was not repaired the second hand was back on the watch but bent , after two weeks I got back from a yoga class and found that the second hand had fallen off again . I contacted the service center and said I would like a replacement as I had surely gotten a defective product and they had failed to repair it . they said customer service would make that decision , got Michell at customer service , she said the service center would make that decision and contact Evan the the service center , Evan explained that the second hand falling off for a second time in 2 month of ownership would not typically warrant a replacement , I probably got a second hand from their bad batch and they would be sure they gave me one from the good batch next time , and apologized for not replacing the bezel . He said I would have to send it back again , and this situation would probably not warrant a replacement . I purchased this watch for about ten times as much as a comparably featured inexpensive watch because it was supposed to be durable . Its lightweight and the lights are a nice feature , but I have purchased watches for less than the shipping cost to the service center that lasted longer and came with less hassle -LRB- usually meaning that I lost them before they broke -RRB- . In their defense they agreed to pay for the shipping this time . I will not ever be purchasing another Luminox product .
 in frist time when I washed my hand the water entered the glass . then I contacted the amazon customer service . I returned and they sent me another watch , but same problem . the water became inside the watch , and now it does n't work at all . I will not returned and I will not buy it any more .
 While this is a nice looking watch at a good price , and the seller is good , this watch is just unreliable . I have ordered a couple of them over the couple of months -LRB- on behalf of my wife -RRB- and I recently had to send one back for exchange because it died after 2 months - just stopped working . Even a new battery did n't help . The replacement worked , but one of the bands -LRB- cuffs -RRB- keeps popping off , causing the watch to fall off the wrist . Because of the spring that holds the cuffs closed , it is difficult to get it back on . I managed to get it back on , but it keeps popping off . The pins just do n't seem to be holding it on the watch . I am going to send it back for another exchange , just for one more try . After this , I 'm giving up on this watch if I do n't get a good one . In addition , my wife also purchased one for a friend , and it arrived with a dead battery . I happened to have another battery around , so did n't make an issue of it . But , I ca n't in good conscience recommend these watches . The quality appears to be iffy at best .
 I purchased one of these , about a month or two later the spring blew and I had to get another one ... that one broke too * sigh * I did n't bother getting a hold of anyone -LRB- I 'm sure they would have been more than willing to help -RRB- I was just too busy to bother
 While I like this watch and it originally fit great , one of the pins fell out on the first day of wearing it . Android sent me replacement pins and they do n't want to work . I have to take it in to repairs and i have n't even been able to wear it ! Very unhappy .
 This watch is a lie !!! There is no steel watch from Timex Data link . I 'm buyng this watch not first time and I know . In fact I called Timex and confirmed there is no model that has steel , except steel that is on band . So do your self a favor do n't buy this watch from Watchesnthings . Buy real stuff http://www.amazon.com/Timex-Mens-Ironman-Watch-T5C291/dp/B000B545B4/ref=pd_bbs_sr_1?ie=UTF8&s;=watches&qid;=1237479469&sr;=8-1Yes , it is acrilic , but it is real and true , not lie !!!
 The band on this watch will break . This is because the metal-to-plastic resin which connects the plastic band to te metal face wears off eventually-no matter how lightly the watch is used . Even under the lightest usage , at least on band will just fall off within 12-13 months . Because of this , I now bought the Nike Triax Fury model . Its band seems to be a unitary one from one end to the other -LRB- no glue ! -RRB- . If you want a Nike watch like this , get one of the Fury models .
 Bought this item a while aback and fell in love with it . Unfortunately it only lasted a month before the chain to the side fell out . It appeared as though it had rusted and broken off . For a beautiful watch it became more or less worthless even before I could show it off . Probably my most disappointing buy to date .
 Unfortunately when I received this watch there were dozens of tiny scratches -LRB- 1mm or so -RRB- in every direction across the watch face . The watch was ` new ' had had all accompanying materials including an intact plastic covering over the watch face -LRB- the scratches were on the crystal -RRB- so I am not sure exactly what the issue was . Also , the watch looks very plain -LRB- i.e. not modern , just dull and boring -RRB- . The picture is not completely accurate in this respect.I will say that I purchased it through watchzone , and after a few minor hiccups they refunded the full amount of the watch and paid for return shipping - very hassle free.In conclusion , it may have jsut been this particular watch , but the condition of it was completely unsatisfactory
 The watch does n't look like it on website 's picture , the plastic case and band very light and look very cheap .
 I ordered the BROWN metallic watch for my daughter at Christmas and they sent a Nike Presto Cee SILVER metallic watch . Maybe they thought I would not notice . Order one thing and get something different , what a bummer . I will never order from TimeZone123 again !
 I was happy that this watch would have all the basic functionalities in it as it is mentioned in the prduct description but I felt very cheated once I gt it deliverd and found that there is no Date display on this watch . Is this just to mention or I have got the wrong watch ? Please make sure before u purchase it .
 I guess I could 've given it 3 stars but I was really disappointed . It looks great - really simple and clean looking , which is exactly what I was looking for . HOWEVER , it 's just too small . I have various watches of different size and most of them tend to hit the glass . I wish there was a way to determine the actual distance between the cushions that the watches wrap around and the glass lid .
 I 've had this watch in black , silver , and gold . This watch is better at keeping important info close at hand and way easier to keep that info safer since we all lose phones like they were a dime a dozen , but , how many times do you lose a watch ? I keep everyones birthday scheduled a few days in advance so it warns me before I run out of cash . Important numbers like wife and kids SSN 's , DLN 's phone numbers , etc are seconds away . Now the bad news ... . every data bank watch has had a band go south on me . If it 's the metal it kinks and if it 's the black plastic it tears . Does n't matter because I am so use to it I buy a velcro band the same day . Looks dorky but it 's the function that sells this product . I put a poor rating for 2 reasons . 1 The bands all break by the first week , 2nd ... . I do n't want the few left out there to be bought up before I can nab them . Ha !
 I am returning this watch . The band is difficult to snap closed , The numerals are difficult to read and programming is quite difficult as one of the buttons does n't respond quickly . The last issue may be with this particular watch but buyer beware , it may be an inherent problem for all of this type of watch.I 've contacted the seller Amazon `` shopemco '' they have approved the return less shipping charges -LRB- only fair -RRB- because the watch is n't realy defective it 's just the way it 's manufactured and if I were 20 years younger I may be able to live with it .
 The case of this watch is PLASTIC on both the gold and silver tone models . The watch band however is METAL , and under the right conditions WILL break the case where the pins hold the band on . BREAKAGE of the case IS NOT covered by the warrantee !!! I have broken TWO , so buyer be ware!Functions on the other hand are great , but if you buy this from Casio , buy the ugly black plastic one , functions are the same .
 I was so exited when I recieved the watch 2 weeks ago but , and then I opened the box , the watch looked really nice as I expected but it did n't work so I have to return it the next day . I am still waiting for my refund .
 This watch is pretty , well made , heavy and HUGE . I bought it for my wife , who is 5 ' 10 '' , and it looks like some kind of novelty gag on her wrist . It 's more cumbersome to wear than any watch I own , and I 'm not a small guy . Sorry Nike , but a pair of wrist weights would be a more appropriate athletic accessory .
 The watch did not work and had to be returned . This was a great inconvenience .
 When I recived the watch in the mail the battery that was in it was drained and the extra battery they sent with it was the wrong size . Worthless
 These watches were listed when we searched for waterproof watches . Did n't expect it to last forever , but it completely died after the first 5 minutes in the ocean . Was using it on our honeymoon as an easy , low-profile waterproof watch since we were abroad and did n't have cell phones to tell the time . Did n't live up to ANY expectations .
 I 've owned three because I really like the look and feel of them , but the band on all three broke within three months . Their packaging promotes a one-year warranty , but I 've emailed Hogwild and also gone ahead and just sent the watches back to them -LRB- two months ago -RRB- and have never heard a peep . I wore them all the time , and they are waterproof , but even though I never stressed the bands by taking them off and on often , all three broke within 90 days .
 Ordered `` Assorted Colors '' thinking it was what was pictured - many bands - but no . It 's just one . A purple one . Awesome.Not to mention the watch comes activated which means my battery life is already drained .
 I received this as a xmas gift last year . Since then the minute hand has come disconnected TWICE . I sent it back for repair the first time , they sent it back , and about 1 month later the same problem occured . I have thrown it in the garbage now . Stay away . Cheaply made watch .
 I collect field type watches and have over twenty of them . This model from RAM Instruments looked like a good deal so I purchased the `` Rugged '' model . I loved the look and simplicity and thought it might become my everyday wear watch , but I soon found that it was loosing about ten minutes on every hour . I replaced the battery thinking that might be the problem , but no luck . Regardless of how it looks , if if does n't keep accurate time then its a no go for me .
 I received this watch today and the first thought that came to mind after opening it was how small it is . This is a very small watch and is more suited to be on a woman 's wrist . I am not a large man and it was small on me . One more thing to note about the size , is the thickness of the watch - it is very thin which makes it even more feminine . Other than that , the watch looks like a very quality laden timepiece . It is made in China as the sticker on the watch indicates -LRB- Japan mov ' t however -RRB- and the band is extremely stiff . The crown is a pain to screw in , but a nice touch that ram did was insert a small piece of plastic between the crown and the watch itself to keep the crown out until the owner removes it and pushes the crown in to start the watch - probably to save battery power . It comes in very nice packaging , has a screw down crown and back . It really is nice but I do not like the size and the watch is pretty boring to look at , even for a field watch . One last thing , the band is light beige or khaki , not the dark brown in the picture .
 The watch itself is nice looking considering the price . Nice size , details , etc. . The band was replaced immediately as the original was quite cheap looking/quality but that was n't much of a problem.The big negative however is that I 've had the watch for only a month or so and it continuously has condensation/drops of water under the crystal . The watch is supposed to be water resistant up to 200 meters . I think I 've worn it washing dishes at the extreme . Disappointing despite the price .
 Thought it would be a 200m watch , but read reviews AFTER ordering . It 's only a 100m watch , but would probably deal with more than just swimming and snorkeling since it does have a screw-down crown -LRB- with O-ring -RRB- and screw-down back . Just seemed `` cheaper '' than I expected ?
 I bought this watch as an everyday wear watch . Within the first day I noticed it was loosing about ten minutes of time in every 24 hours . I reset it several times and even changed the battery but it still looses time . I attempted to contact the manufacturer via email but they never responded . I really wanted to like this watch because of its simple classic styling , but I am disappointed by its poor functioning and the fact that the manufacturer does n't seem to care .
 I really expected something better from field and stream . The caring case is nice put the watch and knife are so little and are n't very nice . It 's really , in my opinion , not worth it . I expected something a lot nicer in every way from looks to performance .
 I purchased this watch in March 2006 because I liked the features -LRB- laps , timer , two time zones , etc. ... -RRB- While it was impossible to determine from the promotional photos , the first thing I noticed was that the band was molded to the watch body and would be difficult to replace . I was discouraged to have my suspicions about the band confirmed by reviewer Henry Perkins -LRB- who states that Timex does not make replacement band available -- I have not personally verified this with Timex -RRB- . It is now almost June 2007 and over the last weekend , the watchband band cracked about halfway across -- approximately 15 months after I purchased the watch . I wear the watch daily and , as a watch , it seemed to function well -- I also used the lap function regularly ; the timer and alarm functions occasionally , and the second time zone rarely . I did notice that the second time zone seemed to auto reset on occasion and for some reason the total laps went from 150 to 137 , but I never really investigated or followed up on these issues so I am unsure what the real problems were . The faceplate fell off several months ago , which made the watch unsightly and very easy to scratch the crystal . Nonetheless , the watch remained functional until the band cracked . Now it is junk.I used to have a Timex Ironman on which the band failed every six months or so -LRB- at least the new watch band lasted 15 months -RRB- . On the old watch , it was easy to replace the band . While I was unhappy with the poor quality of the old Timex band , at least it could be replaced . This new version is a dud -- I 'll have to throw away an expensive watch because it can not be serviced.I recommend you look for a different watch -- that 's what I 'll be doing .
 I ordered it for a gift for my boyfriends birthday it looks nice and everything but the same day he wore it for his birthday it fell off his neck and was damage because the ring that holds the pendent to the chain is very flimsy it broke on the first wear and the chain itself started to rust two days after so we just tru it away i would never waste money on such garbage again .
 I owned a predecessor model of this watch for many years - wore out the band at least once . Finally the bezel cover separated , so time to replace . This watch is exactly the same function-wise , BUT , instead of two discrete buttons on the front to operate `` start/stop '' and `` reset/split '' , there is now one intergrated , covered area with buttons THAT CAN NOT BE OPERATED EXCEPT WITH MANY TRIES AND GREAT DIFFICULTY . Also , the changed strap design offers few adjustments , and would be very difficult to replace in the future . A classic case of ignoring the `` if it 's not broken , do n't fix it '' rule .
 I 'm a bit puzzled by the overall positive reviews on this chrono . Two poor design issues - 1 . The top info -LRB- Date/Day -RRB- or in Chrono -LRB- split time -RRB- are hard to see and partly hidden . 2 . The chrono split and Stop/Start buttons are very small so ... if you running -LRB- or whatever -RRB- you really have to concentrate to hit them . Not ideal . Also , the watch is not all that ` bright ' - hard to read . I 've had really good Timex in the past ... not this one .
 Found the face scratched very easily but EVEN MORE ANNOYING was the buttons are abit to sensitive . I find the useage of them not intuitive at all , and more often then not I look down to check the time and find I am in lap mode or some other screen .
 Its of bad quality . It stopped working within few weeks . its not worth for 40 $ . you can buy it for few dollars in garage sale .
 Bad watch . Within few weeks , everything stopped working . Worst watch . during the night , its not clear enough to see . overall bad watch and it should be in garage sale for few bucks . please dont buy and suffer
 After two month of purchasing and 5-6 days of use by my daughter . its fault and low quality is visible . If I rotating the key , the disc and all spokes rotate . Sometimes the watch start working . I wish to return it and get a proper one.Thanks
 My 5 year old was very excited about receiving this watch as a birthday gift , and equally distraught when it failed within 30 days . The crystal scratches easily . The watch is supposed to be waterproof to 99 feet and the case was never opened ; but the crystal was full of moisture bubbles after he swam with it on -LRB- and he was at the surface at all times - not nearly 99 feet -RRB- . Needless to say the thing stopped working shortly thereafter .
 This product has deficiencies regarding the durability of the bracelet , power of the gps antenna , and durable appliance provided the adional holding the gps to the athlete 's body . As stopwatch for training is excellent but as gps is very limited . After 6 months of use the problem began to clamp the body gps -LRB- fatigue -RRB- and two years after the strap broke .
 Probably the most shocking aspect about this watch other than price is the fact that it 's nothing more than a cheezy quarts movement . Not only will you have to replace the battery on this watch just like some cheap Timex , but it 's not even good at telling the time with only that blazing silver dot on the 12 o'clock position . For the price of this Movado , I can purchase a 25 Jewel Automatic Swiss Chronograph and never have to worry about replacing any kind of battery again .
 Bought this elsewhere.My wife LOVED it.But it died shortly after the warranty went out.Was told it would cost $ 110 to fix it.Some maingear stripped.And it never , ever kept the right time.Its a beauty , but do yourself a favor and avoid this lemon .
 I mean dont get me wrong or anything the watch is really cute but everytime you set the correct time it never tells the right time so my recommmendation is get a watch form your local store save your money !!
 Bought this watch today as a beater for exercise and working in the yard . The metal band is not adjustable . Do n't buy one of these unless your wrist is jumbo sized .
 I bought this watch a month and one week ago for my gf . We went to the beach yesterday and since the watch is water resistant , she kept it on while swimming . After we cleaned up , she noticed a yellow patch on her wrist where the watch was on earlier . We noticed that the watch stop working and it was rusting from the inside out , leaving a rust spot on her skin . I took some pictures as proof and will be calling seiko customer service for a replacement because amazon will not do anything past the 30 day mark . Im highly disappointed with both the watch and amazon for fullfilling such product . We all know seiko is a well known brand that is tough and well built . There is obviously something wrong with the product i received .
 The watch arrived on time and in good condition inside the manufacturer 's packaging . The gift card did n't show up . The watch was announced as 300 ft watter resistant , however , the first shower left the watch full of fog.I returned it and the manufacturer did not refund the full amount . I think the problem is with the seller , not amazon 's problem . The sellers is possibly selling fake watches.I insist , it is not a problem with Amazon who was very attentive in trying to solve the problem . Watch-zone or wristwatch , I do n't know who is who , is the one who sold a bad product and did not refund the full amount . They said the product was not announced as water resistant . This is not true . It was announced as 300 ft water resistant .
 I bought this watch for my wife birthday . It looked very nice on the picture and when the watched arrived it looked quite different , very flat and simple . I did not impressed both of us and I have to return . Otherwise seller shipped on time and credit happend really quick .
 GoodBacklight is nice green.BadBattery life is poor , you must recharge at least weekly.Stock quotes limited , just 15 of only the largest companies , Rubber watch band difficult to thread through clasp.Most time displays -LRB- faces -RRB- annoying and useless.Unable to delete useless built in time faces from list.WorstWatch frequently loses all content , requiring logging into MSN to re initiate all content .
 I have had great luck with another Smart Watch , the Abacas Black Leather watch , so was hoping for more of the same with the Swatch Smart Watch . Most gadgets come in men 's sizes only , so I bought this watch with the hope it would be smaller , as it was advertised `` Midsized . '' So the first disappointment was that it was just as big , maybe bigger , than my Abacas.The real problem is the attachment for the recharger . Two small wires were bent and rebent as I tried to use it , and a small plastic piece broke off after the first couple days . The chargeing mechanism needs a redesign . I sent it back .
 This watch does not work in the UK . Its a nice paperweight as its quite large and heavy !
 Watch band is much paler than it appears in the picture , almost washed out . I am returning the band today because it is too flimsy/thin to support my watch .
 The tools in this `` value package '' broke upon first use . They look good in the photograph , but they 're of very very VERY low quality . Steer clear of this company.One tip of the watch band remover just broke clean of -- the steel is not tempered . The watch band link remover is a piece of junk
 The problem with these type of Nike watches is that the bands are n't very durable and are expensive to replace . The curved display is cool , though .
 I am amazed at how many people raved at this watch . It is a nice looking watch . I would have liked it . However , seriously , do you not look at the watch and wonder why the roman numeral 6 is upside down ? It shocked me when I looked at it . It is n't something you notice in the picture but it is immediately apparent when you look at it in person . I received it to day and will be promptly returning it . I can not even believe these watches can be sold with such a flaw . Citizen should destroy them all to save their reputation . I have owned an eco-drive watch for 11 years and loved it . But when the capacitor goes bad it is almost as expensive to repair than replace . I was hoping this was the watch for me . Received it today and returning it today . Huge disappointment .
 I hate that this watch did not work ... love the look , but it just did NOT hold a charge . We followed the instructions to recharge it and it ended up stopping 3 different times . I could not recommend it with a good conscience .
 It 's a gorgeous watch , however it looks terrible after wearing it for only 2 weeks . The band and face are made of sub-par materials and could n't even handle my desk job . It 's scratched from typing !? There 's a deep scratch across the face , and the whole side of the band that I rest on my desk is all scuffed up . So I 'm very disappointed . Why have a battery that can last forever if the watch ca n't last a month ? Only other thing I do n't like is that the date is so small , I have to look cross-eyed to read it . The whole opening for the date is 2mm , so you can imagine how small the numbers are .
 I purchased this watch new from Amazon in November 2008 . It 's a fine watch but after a year the siding on the wrist strap started coming off . The watch and band are now pretty unattractive . The Omega repair facility informed me that their normal 2 year warranty was not good on watches purchased from Amazon/or over the internet . Pretty disappointing . So what 's up with this Amazon ?
 I bought a seamaster in June 07 it broke by Mar 08 . When I tried to get it fixed they said I had to pay $ 400 because I has lost a card that was supposed to come with watch . Even tho I had the receipt they played hardball.I would never buy another Omega .
 Looked great , good name BUT ... Watch died after 3 months of use . What a piece of junk .
 This watch is pretty ... but is very cheaply made . On the watch I received , the backing did not fit properly . The hinges on either side of the face were uneven , causing the bracelet to fit improperly on the wrist . I sent it back . It is definitely not worth the money .
 AS SOON AS I GOT THAT , I DOUBTED MY EYE . . BECAUSE I COULD NOT SEE THE TIME . . TOO DARK . . IT WAS JUST FASHION . . I COULD NOT LOOK THE TIME . .
 I purchased this watch from Dexclusive through Amazon and received a defective watch . It could not adjust the time because the crown was broken and the Teslar chips were brown , rendering it inactive . To make a long story short , I had to place a claim through Amazon to receive a refund . I have two Philip Stein Watches that I truly love and looking to buy a third - just not from this vendor .
 Poor watch with extremely poor materials used . Battery drains wvery 4-6 months and poor timekeeper . Very Glossy and heavy case hides poor workmanship . Retails for approx $ 100 over web against -LRB- laughed so much -RRB- RRP $ 850 or thereabouts . Where do they get that figure from ??? . I have bought a great quality fake Rolex for $ 90 and no one can tell the difference .
 My husband got me this watch for my birthday because I collect owls . We were both so happy about it , until I realized that it only works intermittently . The back does not snap on tight enough to hold the battery where it should always be . What a disappointment . What 's the use of wearing a watch that does n't always tell time ?
 this was a false advertisement , the watch pictured is not the watch that was received . do n't be fooled .
 The crystal on these watches is prone to break for no reason . I had mine for two months when the crystal broke with no impact . It just cracked and fell out . Skagen service led me to believe that this is a common problem for this watch .
 Bought first one , a few days later I heard a pop and a circular piece of the crystal had broken out . No impact . Was just standing still . Ordered another thinking that it must be a fluke . Had this watch and again a few days later , heard a pop and saw a circular piece of the crystal had popped out . Daughter was standing next to me and even saw it happen . I would not recommend this type of watch from Skagen .
 The crystal of this product cracked easily for no apparent reason and each time Skagen charged $ 25 for the crystal plus $ 8.95 return shipping . The total replacement costs is about half the price of the watch . Their customer service staff was rude . Also , the warranty said that all parts were covered except scratches on the crystal . The crystal on my watch was broken apart by itself and the customer service there said that it 's equivalent to a scratch . I suggest that you do n't buy this watch at all .
 Got this for my sister 1 month ago and the glass blew up by itself . I did n't quite believe it when I read other reviewer 's comment about the glass exploding by itself till it happen to me too ! Crappy product . Do no buy !
 I just returned my watch to Macy 's . I 've had it for one month . I went to put it on today and noticed that the crystal had popped!A large circular piece of it had fractured around the edges and broken off . The watch has never been dropped or bumped , and was worn about a dozen times . The clerk refunded my money but did not believe that I had n't bumped it . After reading these posts , I see that this is an extremely common occurrence ! Do n't buy Skagen ! If you look closely and read about Skagen online , you will see that these watches are now made in CHINA ! That explains the falloff in quality . Seiko makes a durable and long lasting watch.I recommend you buy one of them .
 I had the same problems with faulty crystal as those above ... it developed a stress fracture on its own -LRB- no impact or other reason -RRB- . Has anyone been able to make progress with Skagen or figure out how to replace the part ?
 I have a Skagen watch myself and the crystal cracked for no apparent reason . The crack is from the top to botton of the watch , but the watch is still running fine . I dont remember any impact on the watch and besides , I have been very careful with this watch as this is amongst my more expensive watches . With all the other reviews , I feel mine is not an isolated case and happened for no fault of mine .
 This watch broke within 2 hours of wearing at a dinner party . Crystal broke like a piece of ice against the edge of a wine glass . How do you get your money back from a piece of garbage like this ? So my wife bought it for me for xmas , now what do I say to her ? I really hate getting ripped off ... this bites .
 Flimsy piece of garbage . After wearing for under 2 hours the glass blew out of the front shattering into a friends face . I got another identical watch and the same thing happened , except a week later while I was driving . Worthless piece of garbage . Save your money .
 I had read reviews of a design flaw in Skagen 's sport model which results in the dial lens shattering without apparent cause , but never for this watch before I bought it . Mine shattered on the second day I wore it . I have since read of similar experiences with this model . Because it occured so soon after I received it , I was able to return the watch for a full refund without too much difficulty . Others have been less fortunate .
 Upon ordering this product I was under the impression that a popular site such as amazon.com would be professional with their presentation and delivery procedures . I received the watch in a plastic wrapper and an elastic band . . I find this unacceptable because after spending over $ 200 I expect atleast a box or a package with the instructions and warranty booklet none of which I received ; thus causing me to question its authenticity . What made it worse this was a gift for my brohter so I was not able to return it . And even if I did have the opportunity to return it I still would ` nt know what to do because their was their was no instruction of their return policy .
 I was expecting a new watch and it ended up being a used watch and there were some scratches on the glass . I could n't return it because it was gift to somebody and I was embarrassed later when I found from that friend .
 The watch died within a year . The display went blank . I thought the battery was dead . Replaced the battery , but still got nothing on the display .
 The case is plastic not stainless steel as listed on amazon.its cheap but may not last very long so if you are buying based on the info listed it not correct
 I like this slim style of watch because I do n't need all the functions of a sports watch . A Digital watch gives me the day , the date , and the time of day . That 's what I am looking for . An analogue watch will not provide all that information . I have a Casio G-Shock wave receptor/solar watch that I 've worn for eight years and it works perfectly . But it 's geting banged up and I wanted to get a new digital watch . I 'll probably give this new watch to the Goodwill . It just looks cheap and that is disappointing to me though not surprising considering the price . I would gladly pay one hundred dollars if Casio came out with a &#34; classy looking &#34; business style digital watch that had a little larger case and was made of better metal materials .
 My similar style watch I had in the seventies looked very much like this one . The materials of the one I purchased from Amazon.com are not as sturdy though . I returned it because two functions could not be programed & I did not feel that it would hold up to my daily routines .
 Shiny flashy heavy metal band . Shiny flashy thick cheap-looking plastic body with huge letters/numbers on display . Childish colorful lettering surrounds the display . Watch that tells you it 's there by weight . Watch that screams for attention , but has nothing to show when looked at . I prefer the content and logic of Casio digital displays , and will continue wearing their black model with rubber-band . I would pay $ 50 for Casio with thin light black-metal case and bracelet , half-size digits , and simple silver lettering .
 MY GOSH , I ca n't understand how anyone in their right mind would give this watch a 5 stars rating . Usually recommendations on amazon is dead accurate , but I 've got to say it 's completely false with this watch . This watch feels like plastic painted in cheap chrome , and should only be sold from those plastic egg vending machine . Bottom line is I would n't pay more than 4 quarters for this watch . I would n't wear it , but I could give it to my -LSB- ... -RSB- nephew to play with .
 After wearing watch for two weeks , on a trip I pushed the mode button in to change time due to time changes , and the button stayed in and I could not get button to pop out , watch had wrong time for two weeks until I got back home to send back .11 / 29/2012After I sent back the above watch , I ordered a replacement -LRB- same watch -RRB- On 11/04 I discovered when I tried to change the time from daylight savings , that both buttons on the left side were sticking and hard to push in , I could push in on the mode button using a knife handle and pushing hard , and the button did come back out enough to allow me to set the time and continue to use the watch , I only hope that come March 2013 I will be able use the mode button to change back to daylight savings time .
 El producto me llego en el tiempo indicado y bien empacado , pero el display del reloj , es decir la pantalla donde esta la hora y la fecha me llego torcida , desnivelada , ladeada , entonces si el reloj se ve de frente el display se ve con una caida de un lado asi que parece que esta descuadrado y eso hace que se vea de mala calidad . si es casio deben mantener por lo menos un nivel de calidad y esto lo hace ver de chinatown .
 The light is useless . Dim , green . Digital display practically invisible when you press the light button ! Buttons are too easily pressed unintentionally . Irritating !!
 I am a long time Timex watch user but this watch simply did not work . I took it to a jeweler for repair and he said it was simply wound too tight and he could not fix it . The watch arrived in this condition and never ran . Good looking watch but only had correct time twice a day .
 This watch disappointed me compared to Timex and other brands I have owned in the past . I could not wear this watch until I replaced its watch band . It was poorly engineered and constantly bit hair on my wrist . It is cheap looking in its overall appearance .
 The watch never arrived , so I am not able to review it . I was really looking forward to getting it .
 I was disappointed to find this model watch has a soft plastic crystal that scratched the first day I wore it to work . I work around stainless steel and sharp tools . I did return the watch because the description stated the crystal was mineral . Amazon promptly refunded my money . Nice watch , I stand by CASIO watches . I have had many . This watch just was n't rough enough for my abuse .
 Window sticks out the case . Therefore it is easy to scratch the window . My friend bought different color but the problem is the same . Other than that , I did not have any problem with the watch so far .
 I like the watch but the one I was ordering had a different band and the one I received is ok . I like the watch it does what I wanted it to do I was just disappointed that it did n't match the picture .
 Why is it so difficult to find a decent-looking yet functionally sound digital watch ? This watch is nice looking and has a lot of the enhanced functions a digital watch should have -LRB- countdown timer , alarm , etc -RRB- . But there are several key problems :1 -RRB- The thermometer is absolutely useless . After spending valuable time trying to adjust it , it still does not give you the real temperature . That 's time I 'll never get back .2 -RRB- The face has become scratched in several places . How in the world a watch company can get away with having a raised face and a soft crystal is beyond me . It 's not like glass is expensive . This is the most significant problem .3 -RRB- The alarm is not loud enough . Certainly not loud enough to wake you up , and very easy to not hear if there is background noise .4 -RRB- The watch hands are not easy to read and they at times block the date and digital time , which is highly annoying . I have to say I do n't understand why so many digital watches are analog/digital combo - what 's the point ? You have to set each individually BTW.I 'm very disappointed .
 Do n't bother with this watch , you will be annoyed at it because :1 . The analog hands ALWAYS cover something on the digital display2.The analog hands are superfluous-bad design3.The thermometer shows a temperature of 84.2 , my body temperature is 98.6 whereas the room temperature is 71 , what temperature is 84.2 which the watch displays and what is the use of it ? 4 . The watch does not display the year and month5.No indication anywhere of the expected battery lifetime under average conditions6.No indication anywhere as to what type of battery is used by the watch
 Inexpensive , not particularly attractive , and lasted only two months . I paid $ 5.65 to ship it for warranty repair a week ago . Will I ever see it again ? Who knows ... Guess I 'll get a Timex .
 the watch claims to have a 10 year battery . i would have been satisfied with at least half of that but the watch died in one year and three months . it is a hassle to program the time , daylight savings was always a pain . i always had to either pull out the manual or look up directions online . lack of contrast makes it a bit more difficult to tell time . it is fairly cheap , so i guess you get when you pay for .
 I liked this watch very much , but after two weeks the resin case fell apart and it came off my arm .
 This is a beautiful watch and should have been a good buy , but after wearing it for three days , I gave it away to my grandson . -LRB- Returning it would have been more hassle and UPS charges would have been a waste . He did n't have a watch so ... -RRB- There were two problems : - In the dark , the light on the watch did not illuminate either the hands or the digital section adequately . That made the watch unreadable.-Even in light , the hands are so nearly the same color as the face that it is difficult to read . More contrast would have improved things .
 Short version
 Watch timekeeping seems ok , once you 're able to essentially memorize the tightly-folded mouseprinted minaturized instruction sheet . Problem is how to resize the band , in my case by removing about 3-4 links . That would require extracting and reinserting 4 pins -- 2 on each side -- on the band . But I 'm still unable to poke out a single pin , despite reading all the &#34; how to &#34; in relevant reviews and watching YouTube videos . Casio techhelp even sent email pictures to assist , none of which photos match my arrow-hole configuration -LRB- also , to receive this emailed help , I had to first compose and send a &#34; hold harmless &#34; release whereby I promised not to sue Casio if I damaged the band -- their solution was to send the watch to them at a charge to be determined ! -RRB- . All this for a $ 24 watch ! Which price could easily be doubled if time were wasted to take it to a professional for adjustment . At this point , I 've gone to Kohl 's here with a 30 % coupon and bought a $ 30 Timex with a leather band -- this watch looks as good as the Casio , and I had it running , adjusted for time/date , and the band comfortably on in less than 15 minutes . Now all I have to do is find a thick-wristed friend for a regift .
 On a computer screen , it looked pretty good . And in fact , when i got it , i have to say that i was initially pleased considering the price i paid for it . When it came to real day to day use , this watch is a clunker . First off , the analog screen and time hands have such low contrast , that it takes a few seconds to really see the time . Why would they design it this way - silver hands on a silver face ??? Then setting the time is a detailed , annoying process . Once i figured it out , it was fine , then recently , when he went into daylight savings time , i was able to set the digital time , but now , i can not set the analog time as one of the buttons seems to be sketchy !!!! Highly NOT recommended .
 I wanted a cheap wristwatch that kept time in 2 time zones , was replacing one -LSB- a Casio -RSB- that had lasted about 8 yrs . This one cost about $ 20 , looks nice , keeps time in 2 zones
 If you are buying this watch for it 's alarm feature -- forget it . It can barely be heard if you are wearing it . The digital portion of the face is hard to see as there is a shadow cast by the upper part of the display . The general appearance of the watch is appealing . A call to Casio for assistance with the alarm problem provided no help . I returned this product and purchased a Timex IronMan , as suggested by a Timex representative . This watch provides an audible alarm that meets my needs .
 This is my second Casio of this style . I like the look of the face , the stainless band , and the dual display . But there are two salient problems in have found in both watches : -- changing the time -LRB- both analog and digital -RRB- is so unintuitive that I either copied the pages from the manual when I traveled or I waited until I got to an internet cafe to take a look at the manual online . Not a deal breaker for me , I knew this issue when I bought my second watch . -- the back of the case is plastic , and it easily fractures when any stress is applied from the strap spring . This is a major design problem , and both of my watches broke in the same place . Once this happens , the watch is a goner . Of course , a metal back would have prevented this issue and anyone could expect that a major watch manufacturer who bills a watch as a sports model would build a watch so that the spring breaks , not the watch itself.The first time this happened , I chalked it up to bad luck and ponied up the small change for another watch . The second time it happened , with a watch less than 6 months old , I fumed and sent it back for warranty repair . I just got the repair estimate today , and it is more dollars than a new watch , when the whole deal should have been free.Looks like a sports watch , is advertised as a sports watch , but do n't believe it !
 Delivery prompt and description accurate . Watch face hard to read . The face appeared white in photograph but is silver , a line of watch descriptors across the middle of the watch is easily confused with the low contrast analogue hands . Illumination near useless . Moderately difficult to adjust band . Setting digital time and other functions not intuitive for me .
 I love the watch as long as there is plenty of light.Unfortunately it is unreadable in the dark even with the backlight .
 I bought this model because it was said to be OK for recreational diving , the following is a direct quote '' ... offering protection from accidental splashes as well suitable for swimming , snorkeling , and light recreational diving . It has a battery life of up to 10 years . `` the paper work that comes with the watch say ... ok for slight exposure to water but not , I repeat not , for diving or snorkeling not even swimming . . I 'll keep it only because it 's an ok watch for every day use and I 'll get a better one when I next go diving .
 I have had this watch for maybe 3 months . The band broke right off of it while I was in Walmart . Same place I bought it . Broke to the point that is was unfixable . The plastic end pieces broke right off . I had same watch with the vinyl band before and it did the same thing . Should have learned my lesson . I bought a Seiko the other day on this site . I am waiting for it . I am sure I will have better results . I would not recommend this watch to any active person . It is guaranteed to break .
 Bracelet is stainless steel , this is right ... The case is made up plastic.I hope this is not on purpose .
 If you have ever traveled to New York City and stopped by one of those street side venders , this watch is about the same quality . Save your money .
 Casio Watch has too many dials and knobs and poor directions for the average non-technical person to handle . Impossible user manual . Had to return for a simpler watch that tells the day , date , and time.May be a good deal for those who know how to use it .
 After a couple of years , this watch showed definite wear - not on the case or crystal so much , rather the buttons got corroded and would n't work consistently . I had n't exposed it to water . The watch is quite attractive , thin and weighs next to nothing . The band breaks easily but is replaced by generic bands easily and cheaply . I 've retired it though in favor of other Casio watches . For the short term , it 's cheap and expendable/replaceable .
 This watch has all the bells and whistles that I wanted , but loses about 20 minutes a day . I complained to Amazon and asked for return authorization . No reply was received . The watch gets a 1 and Amazon gets a zero .
 This watch does not have an expansion band , as advertised . In fact the only way to adjust the band size is to remove links from the band - a rather complicated process .
 I like the looks of this watch , but I was very disappointed with the indigo lighting ... The light stop working after only weeks ... I tried to replace the batteries and that did n't fix it ... I sent it back and got a new one , but the same thing happened to it . I 've had other timex 's with the light feature and never had these problems ... I wo n't buy another one after this experience !
 Bought this watch for a cruise vacation i just came back from . Watch looks nice and has solid feel to it . I somehow thougth Timex was a no-nonsense inexpensive quality watch . What happened here is this
 It 's a nice looking watch at a decent price , but after one week the dial fell off . They have an 11 year warrenty , but now I have to go through the trouble of sending the watch to get fixed and who knows who gets to pay for shipping . I 've had Fossil before and I expected better quality .
 I bought this watch before I started college in the fall of 2008 . I bought it in early August , and by January , I had to send it back to Fossil because the minute hand was loose inside the face of the watch . It took them two months to get it back to me . In April , it just stopped working . I thought it was the battery , so I had it tested . It was n't . It was a problem with the watch . So in less than a year the watch had two problems and apparently died on me . I sent it back to Fossil for the second time last week and I 'm currently waiting on them to return it . I asked for a new watch and I hope to get one . I liked the way the watch looked and fit , but it just did not consistently work .
 I had this watch three weeks and it stopped working . I sent it to a warranty repair facility and have heard nothing back yet . I am very surprised and disappointed that a new watch would malfunction after such a short period . I guess the quality of the watch brand is not as good as I thought it was .
 Could not keep the date!Purchased this watch , timely shipping , however watch can not keep the calendar date . Will be returning hopefully for an exchange .
 Do not buy this watch . Do not buy any Citizen products . Pathetic and dishonest warranty services and hostile customer services Claim denied on a less than 6 month old watch with no clear explanation .
 The main problem with this watch ... and it is/was a big problem ... the canvas watch band was way too short in length . I am not a big person , not overweight , and do n't have big wrists . . but the band was about an inch too short . I kept the watch but had to buy another band to make it work . A last note , the watch looks black in the photos but the band is army green and the watch face has a green tint to it .
 This product has not been sent . The product delivered is different from the purchased product . 3 sticks chunky charcoal were sent , different from the product shown in the image .
 Liked the simplicity of design and promising name brand company . Crystal on face of watch chipped off INTERNALLY , not a scratch on the surface . Obvious manufacturer defect . Called to have Citizen cover watch under their warranty . Was told I would have to pay nearly the price I paid for it new to repair . Warranty may as well be a false promise . Kept time perfectly but band smelled after short period of time . Unlikely to ever purchase a citizen product again .
 If you ever need help - as mine gets the date wrong you are screwed . No email or phone numbers the damn thing does n't get the date right . . adn never will
 I probably should have paid more attention to the other reviews of this watch , but it looked so nice in the pictures and was rated highly by other reviewers that I bought it , despite some reviewers saying the band was short . Well the band is VERY SHORT . It is not like I have a super thick wrist but the strap was on its last hole for me . Plus , the holes have metal grommets so the holes are farther apart than on most watch bands , limiting fit choices . Sure , I could have swithed bands , but I liked the cloth -- that is why I bought the watch . Also , I saw a Citizen replacement cloth strap and it is $ 70 !!! I was not going to throw away such an expensive strap . Finally , the watch face is totally flat -- no depth at all -- so it looks cheaper in person than in the pictures . For a couple of reasons , therefore , I ca n't recommend this watch . If you do like it , be sure you have a small wrist .
 dropped the watch from a sitting position and the face cracked and the whole insidde broke . . sent it in to citizen and they gave an estimate of fixing it for 150.00 . more than i paid for the watch . do n't buy citizen .
 When I purchased the watch , I had every intention of changing the strap to an orange ballistic nylon one ; the initial strap was just way too heinous . After I switched the strap , I felt the watch looked really good , and was a good alternative to the timex they sold at jcrew , which cost significantly more . I was able to wear the watch for 2 weeks , and I really enjoyed it . However , the only problem with the watch is that the crystal is really cheap . One day at dinner , a friend accidentally banged a mug lightly against the crystal . The crystal shattered , and I brought it into various shops to try to get it repaired . All shops quoted me repair costs of $ 300 + , and Citizen said it was not covered by warranty . Thus , 2 weeks with the watch , it broke , and became unusable.DO NOT BUY
 I was really looking forward to receiving this watch when I added it to my Wish List . I was `` lucky '' to get it as a birthday gift shortly thereafter . However , as the old saying goes , `` Be careful what you wish for lest it come true '' . Despite Citizen 's excellent reputation , and the positive reviews listed on this page , this watch is poorly constructed from cheap materials . Instead of the brand , model , etc information being etched into the back of case , there is a simple sticker stuck to it . A sticker ? WTF ? The band is poorly stitched , with the stitching opening up leaving loose threads sticking out . And , finally , the crystal has cracked and chipped from normal daily use . -LRB- Nothing heavy duty . I work in a cubicle . -RRB- I have had a low-level Seiko for 15 years that has never needed more than a battery . I 've had this watch for a few months before having to send it in to replace the crystal . And , I will bet you a dollar they will not repair it under warranty , and want to charge close to purchase price for the repair . If this wa n't a gift from my wife , I would simply throw it away , and get another Seiko .
 Minuses : It measures only seconds , and minutes ; not tenths of seconds.The design is very simple , the dial is not sophisticated , just a classic , military design.The red indicator is too thin to be easily seen . The strap does not fit a 8 '' wrist . A Citizen , but an `` almost '' cheap looking and , maybe , a little overpriced watch.Pluses : Eco-drive , and WR 100m . The watch 's size is medium.Not heavy .
 Received this watch for Christmas , have yet to wear it . The stitching on the band is unraveling . The watch face itself is not easy to read , the stopwatch dial is too small and makes it very challenging to see .
 Watch was nice but I do n't where same watch everday so it kept losing power and I returned after a week .
 I was curious about eco drive and this looked nice online but after owning many invictas this watch feels and looks very cheap . Chronograph feels and works like crap compaired to the swiss ones in my invictas . Band is very short , case is too small and too light . I wouldnt pay more than 60 bucks for this watch . For the same price they want you can buy this better invicta comparable ... which is what I ended up doing.http : / / www.amazon.com/Invicta-Force-Collection-Lefty-Military/dp/B0009P66TK/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s;=watches&qid;=1282003264&sr;=1-1#productPromotions
 I was really excited when I received this watch as a gift from my wife . The style is exactly what I was looking for , and the Eco-Drive is great . I have to admit though , after only two weeks of use , I am fairly disappointed . I replaced the strap almost immediately , which I found to be very stiff and uncomfortable . Also , the chronograph controls feel `` sticky '' and cheap . I can only describe the button feel as rough . Finally , my biggest problem with this watch is the face . After 2 weeks , there are scratches all over it . The crystal is unacceptable for a watch with a list price over $ 200.00 . I really wanted to love this watch , but the quality is below acceptable , so I had to give 2 stars.Citizen Men 's AT0200-05E Eco-Drive Chronograph Canvas Watch
 This watch failed to hold a charge after about 2 months , if that . I left it out to charge in direct sunlight and it would , on a good day , work for a few more hours . I returned it to the factory under warranty , ALONG WITH MY OTHER ECO-DRIVE watch that STOPPED WORKING and they sent it back to me `` FIXED '' and the same thing happened after one WEEK . I left it out in the sunlight and to my astonishment it worked for about half an hour before dying on me again . Upon leaving it out for almost my entire work day I forgot about it and someone stole it . End of story , never buying another citizen -LRB- piece of crap -RRB- watch again . My original eco-drive has begun working again but I wouldnt reccomend these watches to anyone who wants a working timekeeper . Not a bad bracelet though .
 This watch , like most if not all chronograph models offered by Citizen , is more designed for style than function . The 60 minute dial at 10:00 is too small to adequately time anything over a minute and the hand moves in a sweep rather than clicking fashion , which further confuses the user . I 'm surprised that Citizen even put his series on the market . Check out the two Swiss Army watch companies and you 'll notice they have a 30 minute dial and the hand clicks from one minute to the next . If you want an Eco-Drive watch save the money and get the plain watch , if you want a chronograph buy another brand . I have used chronographs for work , recreation , and pleasure for over 20 years and have used several brands and this one is by far the hardest to read and consequently in my opinion is not functional when accurately timing an event is important .
 Amending my review to reflect reality . This watch works as promised and is great as a chronometer . But I dropped it from about chest level and not only did the dial crack and chip , the watch hands got jammed with one another such that the watch did n't run.So its a decent watch , but you have to be careful with it .
 The watch has been a real disappointment . It is accurate with understated looks -LRB- which I like -RRB- . The watch face is huge and the entire watch is a real clunker . Whenever I go to look at it to get the time the watch has rolled around to the top side of my left wrist requiring me to use my right hand to move the watch face back into view to check the time ! The band 's grommet holes are too widely spaced so either the band is too loose or too tight . One of the main reasons I got the watch was so I could use the stop watch feature . This has proved impractical as timing is limited to one hour and the hand that shows the minute count is so small and poorly laid out that it can be difficult to read -LRB- e.g. , is the wacth showing 7 minutes or 8 -RRB- !
 Although Timex says this watch is water resistant to 30 meters , it has been my experience that the slightest exertion at the clinical lab where I work causes the crystal of this watch to steam up so badly that the time can not be read at all . Simply the warmth of my wrist , not sweat from heavy exercise , renders this watch useless . I have never encountered this before and am at a loss as to what to do because I have never gotten the watch wet or even damp . I could understand if there was even a small amount of perspiration involved , but there is not . This is simply normal body heat under average work conditions where little exertion is required . I am very disappointed and pretty lost as I expect any other watch of equal rating would have the same problem . I have n't bought a work watch in 15 years or so and ca n't understand if this problem is new and the quality of Timex watches has deteriorated or what . It seems that the quality is not what it once was.UPDATE
 I ordered two of these watches , one for myself and one for a friend . This watch is big enough for my 6 year old son . Very disapointed with the product . I am currently deployed in IRAQ and cant do anything about this situation right now but intend on getting my money back for this product . Will try to order another two watches from another company .
 The first watch was missing part of the numbers on the dial.It was impossible to read or to set the functions . The second watch worked right but did n't have some of the features that I wanted in a ski watch . I returned the second watch and got another brand .
 I bought this watch from Amazon and it stopped working in less than 6 months . Buying from Amazon does not give you warranty from manufacture . I contacted the Amazon third party warranty service and had to ship my watch to them . Shipping cost is mine . I did call them and they were nice on the Phone . I will update this based on the result.I expected a 300 $ watch to last longer ' .
 After much research on watches , I decided to go for this Tissot PRS200.It was reasonably priced -LRB- for a swiss brand -RRB- and looked good.However the watch was a complete let down when I received it.It may have looked beautiful , but it did not do the most basic function that we expect from a watch ... keep the time.It always ran a hour or two late.I returned the watch 3 days after I received it.The only bright spot in the entire order was that JTV watches refunded me promptly for the entire amount.On the whole it has been a very disgusting and frustrating first experience with Tissot .
 I bought this watch at target because it looked great . I have had it for a couple of months and normally wear it outside in short sleeves so it gets plenty of sun . However , it randomly resets itself to 1-1-2000 12 midnight about every 2 weeks ! I find it very annoying to have to reset the watch so frequently . It also goes into power save mode at random times and displays an incorrect time -LRB- power save mode freezes the clock hands and shuts off the digital display when it thinks you wo n't be using the watch -RRB- . I think this is all probably a defect in the solar technology and not just a defect in my watch . I would n't recommend this watch
 I love Citizen 's Eco-Drive system . I own 2 other watches with this system and they work fine . This particlar watch was defective , as it would not hold the charge and would lose time and date very quickly . I had to continuously reset the watch . I 'm sure I just got a lemon with this one .
 This watch is not very accurate , on its manual it says + -15 a monthit is accualy +10 seconds a week to fast
 Not as good as I thought it would be , it was expensive but had none of the options that I thought were advertized .
 I only kept the watch for a couple of days and then returned it . The problem was with the band . It pulled the hair on my wrist . The watch looks nice , but it was painful to wear .
 The strap that comes on this watch is HUGE . I bought it for my husband , and took all of the adjustment links out and it was still too big . And the metal piece which joins the strap was sitting on his bone . Not comfortable . After a month or so , number 9 fell off and got stuck under the second hand . The watch was completely useless after that as it jammed up the whole mechanism . So unfortunate as this watch is sooooo beautiful . Amazon handled a very prompt refund , so 5 stars for Amazon customer service !
 This was a Father 's Day gift for my husband . He loves the look of the watch . One major prombem with it is the band . The edges are sharp and very uncomfortable . It digs into his wrist and has made this everyday watch a watch that will not get worn a lot . I think we will have to get a new band for it which then makes it not such a great deal . I also bought a women 's Casio watch with the same type of band and have the same problem .
 Look , I 'm not the hairiest guy in the whole world , but the links really pull out your arm hair ! Kind of a shame considering the excellent reliability .
 I got this watch with metal band as a present to replace my earlier Casio Data Bank 150 that I have for about 7 years and it still works great . The older watch was perfect except the fact that it was made of plastic painted with a silver paint that eventually started peeling off so they look quite bad.The new watch looks sleeker , but when I started using it I did not like so many things about it the first day that I am thinking of returning it to the store .1 -RRB- One of the most useful features - the calendar is no longer there . I use it all the time to enter my friend 's birthdays and it keeps reminding me about them every year , appointments and much more . This feature is not there anymore .2 -RRB- Telememo forces you to enter the phone numbers on two lines with 6 positions each . I happen to leave in US and the numbers here have 999-999-9999 format and there is no way to enter them in a readable format into this watch . My old watch had two lines with 4 and 8 characters respectively that let me enter the phone in the readable form .3 -RRB- In the normal timekeeper mode you can not see all the information I can see with my old watch . Let say you can not display date with a year , day of the week and time altogether . You have to sacrifice the year or day of the week .4 -RRB- The day of the week is only 2 characters long while the old one had three and was easier to recognize .5 -RRB- The telememo mode requires more steps to get to the information .6 -RRB- The time is displayed in large numbers that I do not like . - They are too big . When this is all you see on the display it makes people wonder if you have vision problem wearing the bulky watch with that little info displayed.And I am talking about the brand new watch without even experiencing it for half a year or so when the battery starts dying , the numbers wear of -LRB- by the way my old 7 year old watch still has every button clearly readable -RRB- So my advise - do not bother with this watch stay with the old one if you can . Casio has done very poor job with this model .
 I have one of these right now and am looking to replace it . The watch band has cracked many times in the year since I bought it , and after numerous super-gluings , I am not even going to bother replacing the band . Why?You ca n't use this watch . It has a calculator with no memory function , multi-timezone function that is nearly impossible to understand how to use , a scheduler that is also next to impossible to understand how to use -LRB- and looks like you ca n't remove an existing schedule !? -RRB- , and supposedly can hold phone numbers and e-mail addresses , but I also can not figure it out . This calculator watch has a user 's manual that is disturbingly thick , and I still ca n't understand some of it . I gave up trying.As for the basic calculator functions
 I took my Casio e-data Bank Watch , DATE MEMORY 350 , to a respected jeweler to change the battery after only 6 months use -LRB- I bought the watch NEW ! -RRB- . The jeweler was unable to replace the battery and reassemble the watch successfully . Buyers beware ! Your watch will work as advertised until the original battery dies . Replacing the battery is a gamble you may best avoid .
 I am very disappointed with this watch . First and foremost , the calculator is very cumbersome to use . The keys are the opposite of a normal calculator , set up instead like a telephone keypad . The opperand much be entered by pushing a single key multiple times to select the function . Other functional elements of the watch worked fine , but when the band broke after about a year I had to go to Casio to order one , which took about 3 weeks for delivery , and when it came I could not install it . I took it to a local jeweler and two watchmakers worked on it for about 30 minutes and still could not get the new band to stay on . I 'm throwing it away and buying a Timex .
 I 've had two Casio watches and I am always having problems with the plastic band . It would break right where the band is connected to the watch . Does anyone know if the metal bands are any better ? I am really tired of buying Casio watches if their plastic bands are always going to break , usually within 2 years of use . It 's a good watch and I like the features but I think the product is poorly made .
 I disapointed with my purchase -LRB- Casio Databank Digital Calculator Black Mens Watch EDB610-1C -RRB- . Tell me what I have to do . My watch does ' t work well . The screen only appear in the half of it.I had n't had time to complain about it , but now I am doing.I 'm going to send it back . Tell me what is the procedure please.I hope an answer as soon as possible.Fatima
 This style is the latest version of the Casio databank series . As with others in the series , it does what is promised , is reliable and potentially is a very convenient way to keep info , schedules , alarms and phone numbers close at hand wherever you go.I say `` potentially '' , because the usability of this product has dropped radically from previous versions . Whereas before with just a couple of button pushes you could quickly and easily call up , say , a phone number , with this version it 's more complicated . If you switch into phone number mode -LRB- which is harder to do until you memeorize the locations of the almost too small to recognize icons -RRB- which requires multiple instead of the previous one step , it tells you that you 're in that mode but requires more pushes to actually get any info . Basically , although this model has a couple more features that the previous model , and has larger -LRB- though dimmer -RRB- characters in the display , the interface is so inferior to the previous generation , that it can not be recommended.Someone just got too carried away with being `` techy '' and never actually tested this design in the real world . Until they fix this , look for the older model - they 're still out there .
 I am a Casio man since 15 years or so . Obliged to travel all over I have been seduced by the 24H chronograph -LRB- only 12h in most brand -RRB- . When you travel from NYC to Hong Kong or Zurich it is nice to know when you are landing . Nice to know the World Time Zone . Nice to enter some Password or local fast Memos in the Data Bank ... Forget all this with this beautiful watch . The super complex menu prevent you to perform all the tasks described in the brochure . You are supposed to have 3 time zone predefined , I could not do it witout losing the DST or the 24h format or the home city . The display does not any more -LRB- compared with previous Data Bank Casio -RRB- give you the day , year , hour at a glance . You have only
 I researched a replacement for an older casio data bank model . This was it . Within 3 months it quit . I am done with Casio . The model I wore for 12 yrs is no longer made . The newer models all have the adjustment button on the left , which is fine if you are left handed . I went with this particular model because the button was easily accessible . Most have the button indented and difficult to access , especially on the left side . The other reason I chose this model was the 5 data alarms . Problem is , when the alarms sounds , the input data does not automatically show ; you have to push more buttons to have it revealed . Way too much work .
 Is n't the same model that the picture , I received a watchband with a color diferent -LRB- blue light -RRB- and I want a similar that the picture .
 I thought I was ordering the Casio that I 'd recently lost , but this one is more suitable for a child or adolescent . It 's thin and small , and the buttons stick out to where if you bump it at all , the next thing you know it 's in a different mode or changing time or date . What I ended up doing with this thing is pulling off the wrist band halves and use keep it in my waist pouch for when I go on walks . As I 'm one of those odd fellows who intentionally lives without a cell phone , I still need a watch but this one is n't what I 'd hoped for.What I 'll likely end up doing is ordering another Casio but a more deluxe model that fits my wrist . I miss the Casio I 'd lost as it was an excellent , durable watch .
 I have owned Casio watches for years . They are low-priced and accurate , but the last two have broken . The supports that hold the band break off so you are left with a pocket watch . If they could make the plastic a little stronger I would be well satisfied with the product .
 This watch should not be worn in water . I used it in a swimming pool twice and it got moisture inside and stopped working . I had a previous version of this watch for several years which was very water resistant and I had no problem with it , but I would not purchase the current version again .
 I thought this watch was the &#34; normal &#34; Casio with 4 buttons -LRB- two on each side -RRB- ; however , the watch only has three buttons making the watch more difficult to set and use than I thought . I returned it and will look for the traditional 4-button model .
 It is impossible to pull the band back to get the peg out and take the watch off . I think the band will be gone in a few months because of how hard I have to pull to get it off . Also , the &#34; night light &#34; is terrible and does n't illuminate well at all . And the main ink display is n't dark enough . Sometimes I have to squint in broad daylight to see the timeTwo stars for being nonetheless inexpensive and disposable .
 The watch worked great for a while . After 3 months , however , the backlight button failed . This button also has a number of other functions , such as helping set the time and resetting the stopwatch , making it hard to use .
 This watch is not `` Water-resistant to 165 feet -LRB- 50 M -RRB- '' . It should be removed every time you wash your hands . Other similar models have the 50-M rating for a couple dollars more . I complained to the seller , but they said the incorrect description was not their fault .
 I am very disappointed in this watch , the F-91W . I have owned a different watch , the Casio W-71 for many years , and find it to be a versatile watch , but the band just broke -LRB- as they do after several years -RRB- . I purchased the F-91W awhile back as a future replacement , but found it lacking seriously when I had to use it . I would have sent it back , but considering the cost of shipping , it was not worth it.The features are scaled back compared to the W-71 . There is no count-down timer , which I use almost daily . The button that cycles through the features goes through the `` change time , '' making it easy to change the time by mistake . -LRB- The button layout is not convenient for someone who uses the different features multiple times daily , but I concede that may be my bias . -RRB- I also use the feature to set an alarm for a specific date -LRB- the one day I have to catch a plane at 6 am -RRB- , so I do not forget and get awakened at 4 am for the next few days . There are more limitations and flaws in addition to these I have listed.Pros : cheapits a CasioCons : too easy to change the time by mistakelimted featuresno month on date , just the day -LRB- fine , my pet peeve -RRB- no count down timersingle alarm mode -LRB- button layout not as easy to use -RRB- The W-71 is about twice the cost , but well worth it . I am going to find a replacement band -LRB- or two -RRB- for my old one , and put this F-91W back in a drawer.Spend the extra $ 10 for a much better watch . Stock up on replacement bands at Wal-Mart or such and it will last for many years .
 Hi , I 'm sure this product is great , but it 's not actually as advertised . The manual the watch comes with states that that the water resistance capacity for the watch depends on the water resistance rating on the cover of the watch . According to the manual , the water resistance rating `` Water Resistant '' only protects the watch from rain and splashes , where as the 165 ft rating would say `` Water Resistant 50m '' on the watch cover.AMAZON CHANGE THIS DETAIL ON YOUR AD.They gave me a full refund by the way .
 This watch is NOT rated water resistant to 165 feet as in the Amazon description . The watch itself and the Casio website rate it only as `` water resistant '' which is no good for anything but a little damp weather . In other words NOT rated for swimming or any other mild submersion in water.The one star is for the incorrect Amazon specifications , not the quality of the watch .
 Never used it Never used it Never used it Never used it Never used it i bought for cna class never wore it
 I thought the watch would be bigger than it is and I just opened it today and it was so small . What a joke . This watch is pathetic .
 I wish Amazon had noted the colors of this product as it did not look red and blue on my LCD screen . When it came I was disappointed . Also , the third party company they are selling this for was closed until April 28th so I have not been able to receive any customer service . This is my first time buying from Amazon and it has made me leery for the future .
 I bought this watch to help me train for a triathlon . A month after I bought it the button to start and stop the stop watch broke ; it is now nothing more than a watch to me , and I paid for a watch/stopwatch that could track several different laps . I will never purchase another Nike product , considering my experience with a pair of Nike running shows essentially going flat on me after only a year -LRB- they had air cushoning and it `` popped '' -RRB- .
 The watch works fine.However , you need high magnification to see the bottom functions.No way can i see the tide or moon phase.Also , illumination could be better.No , i would not buy this watch again . Jack
 I chose this watch due to the shine and bright blue color . I got this watch for my son . I was not at all pleased with the appearance . Very dull looking . It just does n't look like the picture .
 EL RELOJ LLEGO DA&N tilde ; ADO , SIN PILAS , LA CORREA ROTA , ES EL PEOR PRODUCTO QUE HE COMPRADO EN AMAZON , NO LO COMPREN
 When I checked online ... . this looks very nice , good price etc. ... . I can trust CASIO company and so , I ordered few watches . When I got it in hand , I saw the strap is very thin and it is hard to present to man . Only boys ... . so , I recommend this watch if you are presenting this to boys . Price , Brand name is good . Can not present to `` MAN `` s.But I love the design & looks really good .
 Extremely difficult to read time -LRB- hands ca n't be seen -RRB- caused by the light reflection of the mineral glass/plastic . I have collected low-priced Casio watches and others . The design of the watch is elegant , but not worth the money , even it is cheap .
 I think the watch would have been fabulous -- if it had ever arrived . I ordered the would-be Christmas present on December 11 , understanding that it might arrive shortly after Christmas . When I tracked the shipment , I found it had been delivered to a wrong address . I contacted the seller who -LRB- finally -RRB- responded and asked for an address to ship to overnight . I immediately wrote back with an address and ... poof ! The seller disappeared . I 've tried repeatedly since then to reach the seller with no success . Amazon is working on a reimbursement for me via their A-to-Z Guarantee claim process . I would have rather had the watch , but at least I 'll get my money back . Buyer beware when dealing with this seller .
 I love this watch and use it for swimming and general use . However , like others , a tab which hold the wrist band to the case also broke -- rendering the watch useless . I did n't drop the watch , the tab just fractured . The watch is only 8 months old . Casio must have some problems with their plastic technology as others have expressed the same problem .
 This is a great watch -LRB- especially for the price -RRB- with the exception that the crystal is NOT SUFFICIENTLY RECESSED to be properly protected . I have not significantly scratched up a watch in the past thirty years - but I scuffed this one TWICE in the first week of use . I recommend spending the extra money to get a G-Shock model . -LRB- also by Casio -RRB- That is what I will resume wearing when I get tired of looking at the damage on this one .
 The replacement watch also broke just at the end of the band . One of the pieces that comes out of the case to hold the band is what broke . Unfortunately , it broke 7 days after my return allowed day . I wore it to work about 5 times and played tennis with it about 5 times and that 's it.It is a very light watch and not as thick as most.However , If yours also breaks , do n't say I did n't warn you .
 I would not recommend buying this watch . The plastic casing is very brittle . Within one month all four arms that the pins for the band go into broke off . I was able to glue the first two back on , but the second two broke I was riding a bike and there no way I could have found those little pieces of plastic . I have bought inexpensive Casio watches in the past and have been very pleased with them , but it appears that the quality of this watch has been reduced to an unacceptable level .
 I purchased two , both failed within three weeks . A tab that secures the strap to the case broke on each watch . Casio 's warranty does not cover the case , I 've tried to contact Casio but have not had a reply . I do n't recommend this product .
 I ca n't wear this watch if I do any physical activity where I would sweat because the inside of the watch steams up so bad that it 's not readable . Consequently it spends most of it 's time in my pocket instead of on my wrist . I wo n't buy anymore watches from Amazon .
 Liked the watch and was able to snorkel with it and have no water intrusion . However , only 3 months later it stopped working . I even tried a new battery , but that did not help . Since the watch was never dropped or treated roughly , if you choose to buy this model , you may get a product that will not last very long .
 Great while it lasted . I had to replace the watch strap after 1 year . This thing died on me after 3.5 years .
 This watch is not water resistant . At all . I wore it into the pool swimming . -LRB- Just swimming . No diving , no playing Marco Polo , just swimming . -RRB- The crystal misted up , and then the numbers started dying , one led crystal at a time.And of course if you open the back to try to dry it out , the warranty is voided.So if you ever plan on going anywhere near water , do n't do it wearing this . -LRB- I guess if you never wash your hands , the car , or the dishes this watch would work fine . -RRB-
 Watch died after I went swimming with it . Do not believe the comment that the watch is `` water resistant '' to 165 feet . I was more like 5 feet underwater .
 Bought five months ago , this watch no longer functions properly because some of the pixels in its display have died making the time unreadable . This should not happen with ordinary wear and tear and is a disappointment since Casio watches have a good reputation . I 'll think twice before I buy another one .
 The watch stop working after 21/2 months , I only wear it twice a week and is not in rough use . I tried replace the battery , only the light work but no text . I have own several casio watches , this is the worst I seen . Also , the plastic case is very easily scratch .
 It was billed to be water resistant to a respectable depth - but it filled up on the first dip in the pool . Practically DOA . Returned it for a trusted brand .
 I , too , am a long-time Casio watch user . But when I bought this to replace my beloved W-93H , the shower thing occurred ... it was obviously defective . I figured the o-ring was not seated correctly or the screws not tight enough . So I opened the back...o-ring looked fine . Dried it out and put cover back on , carefully torquing screws . Next shower , fogged up again , and digits started dying . DRAT ! I should have returned to Target to get another despite the Mfgr . saying not to in the OM . So I found the receipt -LRB- not usually kept for a $ 20 watch -RRB- and started jumping thru the burning hoops ... man i 'm too busy ... so I bought a Columbia CL-5037 at Academy ... I HATE IT ! Counter-intuitive controls ... -LRB- ex
 Bought the Watch because of good past experience with the ruggedness and features , including a light switch , to illuminate the dial at night . This one never lit ! Bummer . The stores solution , refund the purchase price , but I 'm still out the shipping both ways . And , I needed to find a replacement . It sure would have been nice if the store had replaced the watch , no charge , after making sure the replacement worked .
 I shopped hard to find a watch just like my OLD Casio of 3-4 years ago , but , apparently , what looked and worked perfect was not good enough to leave well enough alone , and the Design Dept. has to eat , so it is no more and I have to pick a NEW Model that is close enough , and this was it . -LRB- Wonder if Rolex should start TOTALLY changing their watches ... ALL of them , every year or two ? -RRB- Long story short , this `` 50 Meter '' watch started fogging up within 2 weeks ... with just my taking showers with it on . I do n't have time to go through the enevitable runaround like my fellow poster , so I now just use it as a food timer ... but the seconds digits are not working ... Bought a `` Columbia '' ... nice , but switches back to time mode from stopwatch if no buttons are pushed within 20 seconds or so ... `` BUZZZZ ''
 I purchased the watch for our son for Christmas . The band and watch face was too small for him . No problems with the mechanics of the watch , just the size is smaller than we thought it would be .
 It is not as good as i expected . Each particular button does n't work well for me to change or upate time and date or light button . .
 This watch only lasted about 3 months . The problem is the case that holds the metal pin for the band is made of plastic . For me this means when I was doing yard work , and the pin was ripped from the plastic casing and permanently destroying the watch.As for the functionality , it was easy to use . Big buttons that were accidentally hit frequently changing the time from 24hr to AM/PM . Also missed leap year , and does not have a month displayed , but these are minor issues.Still a huge Casio fan , but just not a fan of this particular watch . Check out other Casio 's like the Waveceptor , they 're amazing for just a little more !
 The watch runs fine , with all the features I want . Only one problem . Approximately 10 days after receiving and wearing the watch , a portion of the watch case broke . A rather crucial portion -- the small area where the pin that holds the band is attached . In trying to follow Amazon 's rules for returning -LRB- or repairing -RRB- the watch , I recieved time-consuming run-arounds , including countless attempts to reach a live person -LRB- `` All operators are busy assisting other customers , so please call back . '' -RRB- ... first from Ace -LRB- the Distributor -RRB- , who referred me to Casio , who referred me to their repair center , who referred me to their local repair center . I 'm still waiting , approx . 2 weeks later , for a call back from the local guy .
 I have purchased several of the Nike Women 's Preso Cee Digial Watches , in a variety of colors , over the past few years . I teach P.E. and they are great for school.The watches that arrived from WatchZone were huge !!! Nowhere did I see a size option when ordering and ca n't find any sizes on the watches . I did n't know they even came in different sizes , but the two watches that were sent to my home would have fit my husband better than they fit me.I called WatchZone to ask why the watches were so large and was told that I received what I ordered .
 The pin holding the strap broke within 5 weeks of light use.This also meant that I lost the watch because without one side pin the entire watch fell away from my wrist.Will NOT recommend these low end Casio watches .
 My goal was to find a dual time zone watch for travelling that was n't too expensive in case I left it at some airport security checkpoint . unfortunately , this Casio was not a good choice . The first one I received did n't work at all so I sent it back . The second one I received worked acceptably for about 2 weeks but is now intermittent . Since it costs me shipping each time I return this product , I 'm hoping the second watch will straighten out and run consistently . In the future I will look to spend more money to achieve `` best value '' rather than aiming for the cheapest watch .
 This is a cute little dive watch . It has one of those knobs that screws out and then pulls out in two stops to adjust the time or date . It has an illuminated dial , and a rotating ring.It stopped running three days after I got it . Now , that is the first time that has EVER happened to me with a watch , and I have bought some pretty cheap watches in my time . Even the cheapest watches I got lasted for at least several months . I have come to almost expect this to happen with other electronics , such as MP3 players , printers , etc. , but a watch ? And one made by a respected name like Citizen?I 'm not a big believer in sending stuff back to the manufacturer to be repaired . If something is n't right the first time , it 's not likely that it will ever be perfect after a repair . This is a pretty complicated and expensive watch , being a combination of fancy electronics , a rechargeable battery , and mechanical gearing.I am a big believer in Amazon 's terrific 30-day return policy , though , so this baby is going right back to Amazon for a refund.As always , the only reason I post this review is to remind all of you folks out there to save your packaging for any electronics that you buy . Defective products can happen even with a big name brand like Citizen .
 As a female diver , I REALLY wish that watch companies would realize I 'm not the only one . There are so many dive watches for men , but so few for women . My husband bought this for me . I like the style and quality of the watch itself , but I really dislike the strap . It is very uncomfortable and too `` sporty '' looking . I have been on the hunt for a female dive watch with a metal strap . As soon as I find one that is reasonably priced , I will never wear this one again .
 I was very disappointed when I opened up the package only to find that the battery was dead . I tried to change the battery myself and ended up breaking the watch in the process . What a waste!Wayne
 I bought two for a world cruise . The piece that attaches the strap to the watch broke on my husbands watch after six weeks . Mine broke after eight weeks . Both batteries died .
 Watch broke in 3 days - where the screw are attached to hold the battery cover on . The plastic tabs just broke so now the band will not stay attached .
 Was disappointed to find the size to be way off and this watch does not fit well as moves around arm . I actually changed to a smaller version.But worse is that Nike have major flaw with the stopwatch as once it reaches 100 minutes , it actually STOPS . Does not start again at 1 min as you would expect . So if you looking to run any half marathons dont bother with this one.I do like the night light and the cool variety of colours available make it pretty cute and funky .
 im a guy . thats the problem with this watch . maybe a child could wear this small thing i actually just gave it away to a really tiny 130 pound looking dude .
 This is not a men 's watch ! I guess I 'm different than most because when I received this watch , I immediately started laughing . This watch is very small , the face is smaller than a quarter . I tried to give it to my daughter but she did n't want it , lol . I will probably give it to one of my nephews . To sum it up , the watch probably works well but it looks cheap in person and is extremely small and no , I repeat no grown man should be wearing one if these watches . . lol .
 i like the look of this watch and it was wonderfully simple . but it shipped with a bad battery , as it would stop working within 5 minutes of setting the time . now it does n't do anything at all . extremely unhappy with this purchase .
 I bought this thinking that Casio had some good watches . This is a horrible watch . It feels cheap and is super thin . It looks and feels like a watch you could by at a dollar store . Spend the extra money . This piece of garbage is not worth it .
 It looks a little cheaper than in the picture . But I should n't expect much for $ 11.00 and free shipping . It does loose about 5 minutes a week but for a &#34; work &#34; watch that may get damaged it serves the purpose .
 When buying this kind of products I hope you get in a box to protect it and it can look like a good gift . Instead , I received the watch in a plastic bag that makes it looks like a regular produt . Regardless of the price of the watch , at least it would arrive well packed .
 The watch works like a watch should however the second hand is a little bit off . So lets say the second hand should be hitting the 12 , however it actually stops at spots in between numbers instead .
 The description says that this is a metal , bracelet-style wristband . It is actually the same black , plastic wristband of a similarly-listed model . Granted , it was n't any more expensive , so I did n't expect miracles for $ 15 , but still , the description is wrong . The packing slip and the watch both show the MQ24-1E model no. , so I did n't get the wrong watch .
 I purchased this watch based on Amazon reviews and finances . I needed a something to compliment my business attire for my job . When I finally received the watch , it was n't what I expected ! It looks small on my wrist , and the band looks cheap -LRB- like a plastic , cereal prize watch -RRB- . The faceplate looks nice , but too small for a man . I ca n't complain too much because it was only $ 10 -LRB- shipping included -RRB- . This is an alright casual watch , but do n't wear it and expect to get compliments !
 It looks like a great watch and I get compliments on it all the time , but for some reason every minute the time changes , so the two stars is for functionality , I 'd give a 1 star if it did n't look so stylish .
 If you take a good look at this picture the watch does n't look plastic , I purchased several of these watches and the watches was n't what I expected at all the watch should say little kids plastic watch . The size of the wrist band was so little as if this was made for a kid to wear . I felt so bad to pass these watches out to anyone . I just donated them to a toys for kids toy box at a local store .
 This is very small and can not fit on a males hand more like a baby i was very disappointed in it wont buy again
 Watch performed fine for seven weeks . Then the battery died . If you throw in the cost of a new battery , it is only an ok deal .
 Ive bought plastic casio watches before . I have the f91-w which is around the same price . I wanted an analog and since ive been pleased with the f91-w watch for a while i thought id give this a try . I dont mind plastic or not looking expensive , but the plastic band on this watch is just so thin and with out any appeal whatsoever . It looks like you bought it at a dollar store , or out of a coin machine . Opt for another model
 It 's a dull looking watch with light body and small dial . May be okay for kids but they too like it .
 I bought 2 of these watches as gifts . The watches are nice but they came in little clear plastic bags . How am I supposed to give these as a gift ? Normally watches come in a watchbox . It would be ok if they were for myself but not as a gift !
 it was really small and flimsy it is good for small kids or for people with really dirty jobs and need something to tell time
 I just received it . It works fine -LRB- for the last 5 hours -RRB- . But it is light for a reason . It is made of really , really cheap material . It is pretty clear that the strap or watch is going to shatter the first time I accidentally hit a door or a table.If you want something that will still be on your hand when you want to check the time , please consider spending a few dollars more and buying something more durable .
 This watch is tiny cheap it looks small on my two year old cousin it made a good gift for him but other than that i was very dissapointed if small is what your looking for than it was pretty fast shipping it still feels very cheap not worth ten bucks .
 This watch was very tiny/thin . Not what I was expecting . But Amazon 's excellent return policy saved the day . I would recommend this only for a
 It looked bigger in the picture ... I ended up giving it to my mom because it looked like a girls watch and the size was too small for me . Oh well atleast it was cheap .
 this is an objective review of the product i recently purchased , the casio analog watch looked great i would really love to wear one unfortunately its not working so i returned it and was replaced amazingly fast by amazon but the replacement is still not working so amazon refunded my money but i have to remind them via email before amazon actually refunded them.so better pass on this watch and always check your bank balance to make sure your money is refunded.hope this review will help others.thanks .
 Watch seems to be fine . It had the wrong packaging and wrong instructions . The watch was paired with items from another watch . Someone did n't have their coffee that morning .
 This watch scratched very easily - almost mysteriously , in fact - against anything at all . I can almost leave a scratch with my fingernail , which says enough as it is about the hardness of the case of the watch . The second hand of the watch seems to be very inconsistent , and I 've heard it skip several beats or speed up quite a bit , rendering this watch fairly inconsistent regarding it 's main purpose
 This watch is a big disappointment . It has no night light or glowing hands , and the hands are far too slim.Other than these drawbacks , it 's O.K. for $ 10.00
 Hello , I 'm very disappointed with this product . Upon delivery to Howard R Young Institute the battery was dead . Of course it is very difficult for my son to return the item and request another one .
 I bought two watches and neither one of then ran , sent them back and got two morebut only one of them ran . After sending the one that did n't run back and receivinganother one I finally had two that ran . Five watches to get two that worked .
 Purchased two of these Casio watches -LRB- MQ24-1B3 -RRB- , one beige , one black . The black one ran a week ; the beige one ran a month . Have replaced the two batteries which thus doubled the price of the watch . Feel ripped off .
 The watch received today does not work . It could be either bad or out of battery . What should I do next ?
 The Casio Mens MQ24-1B is a very stylish watch for the the price . The battery life is very short . The first one I brought lasted about 6 months , and the second one lasted for 2 months . I will reorder , different style this time , because Casio is the only company I could find that carry prison approved watches for inmates .
 3 days after I received the product , I discovered the battery had died . Very disappointed to say the least .
 Too small . I am not a huge guy but its just too small . Sending this Piece of crap back immediately .
 I bought the watch few years back and have used it occasionally , both when diving and on land . This is not my primary watch . What I like about it is the fact that I do n't need to send it back to Citizen for very costly battery changes at least once every year -LRB- as I did with my previous Citizen watch on normal battery -RRB- . I had misplaced the watch a while back in a box and it was dead when I found it . A few hours under the sun , however , made it tick again . Great!I was very disappointed to see the crown come off a few month back , when I was changing the date . I have n't bothered checking how much it would cost to repair yet .
 On January 2009 I bought for US$ 315 a Citizen BJ2000-09E as present for my son -LRB- 24 years old -RRB- who wore it until june 2009 when the watch stopped . I wait until a friend travelled to USA and sent the watch to Citizen aprox . on december 2009 . I received the watch repaired on april 2010 -LRB- paid small amount around $ 30 -RRB- but it works rigthly only until august 2010 . I sent again to USA and Citizen -LRB- Main office in Texas -RRB- sent a quotation for $ 180 ! My son take care a lot his watches and he wore this one only when he goes diving with snorkel -LRB- not really deep -RRB- . This watch has problem since always and Citizen does not recognize it . Its not a good watch and I lost my money , I decided not to repair . I do not recommend this product that you are offering with discounts right now .
 It was not what I was expecting for . It does n't represent what I though . I really got disappoint with it . I am not using it . It is not what I want it to be . It looks much better on the page than on real . I do not recommend it . I would like to return it and get my money back .
 ATTENTION DIVE BUDDIES !!! To any of my dive buddies considering buying a Citizen Dive watch beware . After waiting over 3 years to figure out which one I wanted and justify to myself that the watch was worth the $ 550 price tag , I am already spending $ 225 to repair it after only 6 months of use . The watch leaked after about 30 dives . Upon inspection by the warranty team they determined that the ... stem to the screw down crown had somehow broken off inside diminishing the integrity of the water tight seal . Now although this was a piece INSIDE the watch and there was absolutely no sign of damage on the outside of the watch , somehow it is my fault it is broken . Or as they put it , they can only `` speculate '' because they were not there when it happened and it is not a normal issue . So that caused the watch to flood causing more damage . I 'm sorry I thought that my $ 550 Citizen dive watch that was designed specifically to be rugged and for dive use could handle normal diving . I guess Citizen watches are n't all they claim to be and their warranty is n't worth the paper it is printed on . `` Citizen Eco Drive watch , It 's unstoppable just like the people who wear it '' ha ha . Guess I 'm outside the norm .
 Great looking watch . Only lasted 6 years though . Movement needed replacement . Not cheap to have repaired . Citizen quoted me $ 188.00 for fix the problem . Not a happly camper right now . I would stay clear on this series and go with a more durable one .
 I just purchased this watch to use , for when I am working and not trying to be all neat and dressed up like . I was n't even doing anything worth mentioning and realised I just marred up the window for my new watch . i did n't wear it more then a few days and I have this discoloration when I check the time . I am soo upset , this should n't happen with mineral type windows . My watch might have been a fluke , but I am annoyed by it , and I am faced with wearing my nice watch insetad . The light button on the face , and the nice display is great , but it 's unsightly to look at in my eyes . I wo n't put it on myu wrist with a huge mar on it , too thick to be a sratch . Looks like someone scraped it on gravel . Not sure how it happened , hopefully I am the only one this happens to .
 I have had this watch for exactly one year now . The battery just died , which means it lasted 1/10th of the advertised life . The face has a few scratches , seems to be a very soft plastic , scratches show up white . Not worth replacing the battery when it is in this shape . I think I was pretty careful with this one , I do not do physical labor or anything . My last watch , a Fossil , lasted me over ten years , I think three batteries in that time . You get what you pay for .
 When I initially received this watch , I thought it was wonderful but discovered otherwise shortly afterwards . Realizing the wristband was much to large -LRB- a giant could have worn it without adjustments -RRB- , I set out towards figuring out how to adjust it so it would fit my wrist . The manual had nothing on wristband adjustment and , failing to see the first buyer 's review , I searched the internet for 3 hours , finally finding an obsure mentioning of a pin removal . I discovered the meaning behind this . Each of the wristband links , closest to the clamp , has a pin which can be removed with a jewelers screwdriver and needlenose pliers . I proceeded to remove the link closet to the clamp . Big mistake ! Having removed the link , I was unable to secure the remaining links in place without destroying the rest of the wristband . In the manual , if there was a single sentence which stated not to remove the link closest to the wristband clamp , it would have saved the wristband on my newly acquired watch . As it is , I wrote the watch off as a lost cause and I 'm thoroughly disgusted with Casio .
 I purchased this watch because it has an `` audible '' pacer function , in addition to many other functions . The `` beep '' is faint on the desktop and inaudible when the watch is worn . Casio tech support says that there is no adjustment for volume , implied that the battery might be low , and suggested returning the watch . I am in the process of exchanging the watch -LRB- absolutely NO problems with Amazon.com 's exchange policies -RRB- and will post a second review when the new watch arrives .
 I 've owned this watch for three years . I wish I had followed my initial instinct and returned it to buy a different one.All of my watches I 've bought as an adult have been Casio , except for a briefly owned and soon regretted Timex Ironman . I 've been totally satisfied with all my Casio 's , so when I needed a new watch three years ago , I bought this one . It 's the first Casio that I 've disliked . I have four complaints :1 -RRB- The face is very easily scratched . The scratches began appearing almost as soon as I began wearing it and now make it difficult to read the time at certain angles and lighting conditions . I 'm not especially hard on watches and I 've never experienced scratching like this with any other watch .2 -RRB- The mode button came off after a year or two .3 -RRB- The band was too large for my wrist . I had to remove several links to get it to fit . It 's a pain . Other reviewers have described the process , so I wo n't cover it again here .4 -RRB- The watch and band are too thick and heavy . I spend a lot of time on my computer and when I wear this Casio on my left wrist , I need to remove it to keep it from annoyingly rubbing on or hitting on the desk , something I 've never experienced with any other watch.If you like a large , obtrusive watch and you either have large wrists or do n't mind tinkering with the band to shorten it , you may like this watch . Otherwise , pass on it . Casio makes many other great watches . After several years of hating this watch , I 've just replaced it with a Casio AQ150W-1EV , which I 've owned for a week and so far like . I 'll write a review about it soon .
 I like -LRB- d -RRB- the watch . This is my second watch of this model , the first one needed expensive battery change so I was excited to buy this , which runs on light . Unfortunately , after a year or so , the crown came off ! I turned it to adjust the date and it just came off .
 They say this watch is forever , I hardly think so!First of all the watch is arrived without working.And if you read the instructions they say it can stay only `` 2 months '' not `` 6 months '' in the dark as they advertise.However , I 've been charging for the last 48 hours nonstop and it is still in NG position which means you can not use it yet.The battery does not hold up . I 've been reseting , still same.You constantly need to keep an eye on the watch to be sure that it 's charged which is impossible.And then suddenly , it stops!I am very disappointed with this watch , I 'll go back to my former diver watch .
 Just received my order and I was totally shocked at the size of this watch . I was expecting a fairly good size watch -LRB- 48mm case diameter -RRB- and its not ! It might be a 38mm !
 Watchzone has a lowest price guarantee so I emailed them asking them to honor this . After 6 days waiting for an answer , I had to email them back asking them to answer my original question . They finally answered and I received this short answer : `` your price match has not been approved , the website for wristwatch is not working . . '' however everyone else I send this link to -LRB- see below -RRB- says it works fine.Since you ca n't add URL 's to reviews , all you need to do is Google Diesel DZ5087 and click the 3rd link from wristwatchking and you will see the link -LRB- s -RRB- I sent . I sent the link shown on Google as well as the redirected link.I will not do business with them . Poor service and does n't honor their guarantee blaming their own ineptitude at following links .
 The watch hands are virtually indistinguishable at night , making it a poor choice . Good dive features , but I found the dive mode would automatically enter if I went jogging -LRB- sweat will activate it -RRB- . It also goes into dive mode in the shower ... not a good design . There ought to be some way of telling the watch , `` I 'm at the ocean , NOW you can start dive mode . `` If you want a watch ONLY for diving , this is a good choice . Otherwise , steer clear !
 I got this watch for Christmas -LRB- possibly at my strong suggestion -RRB- . No warning at all in the description that you can not change from Imperial to Metric -LRB- ca n't change from Feet to Meters , or Fahrenheit to Celsius -RRB- . Are you kidding me ??? Are the people at Citizen totally RETARDED ? or do they think that their US clients will never travel outside the US to go diving . Last time I checked
 Ordered the watch and could n't turn the bezel . Titanium bracelet is a joke compared to a original citizen titanium bracelet . This is some sort of cheap chinese bracelet . When i took the bracelet of it was directly possible to use the bezel . Should of stayed with Suunto . Then also you would n't have that problem with metric versus imperial . . and celcius versus fahrenheit.Come on . . We live in 2012 . People do travel . . a
 I bought this watch October 29 , 2010 . It seems the battery is already in need of replacement , and the case tells me to send it into a Citizen repair shop only . Ok , I can do that , but it is a pain . It also stopped working as a dive watch when i was on a dive vacation , that is the dive portion of the watch . Now after only two years I have to send it in for service . The crystal also will scratch easy , not like my other watch . I see online where people are having a lot of problems with this watch , so not recommended .
 i wore this no longer than 2 weeksthe watch belt broke becasue they used clue to attach joints
 Thanks for the opportunity to have a say about this watch is a watch that really impacts of appearance in the picture , but once put in hand showing its negative details , bad finishes , also summarily all this came the watch with the dead battery , is pure appearance , my qualification for a watch of this price segment 2 out of 10 serious , cynical call it a watch , thanks
 I purchased this watch because it was cheap compared to the G-Shock series and I thought it looked good without being too bulky . After a 3-4 months of daily use I found that the little round metal time winder on the side of the watch was popped out of place . No matter how much I try to jam it back into place , it would constantly pop back out , causing the time to be displayed inaccurately or just causing the watch to not function altogether .
 The watch movement failed within a few weeks and Amazon stood behind their product -LRB- actually a 3rd party vendor -RRB- by giving a full refund . Granted it took about 2 months to get the refund but you live and learn . This watch is an icon and looks great on the wrist . It retains the classic Hesalite crystal and mechanical chronograph movement . The 1-star is due to the watch failing . I may pick one up again in the future .
 do not spend your money on luxury watches . they will be shipped from Malaysia , and are Fake.there is little recourse - so do n't waste your time .
 I bought the Stroke Counter in order to keep track of my distance while I focus on developing technique . It has a neat array of features , including a calorie counter , a stroke average monitor , an average speed monitor , etc.After following all of the instructions -LRB- setting my weight , gender , stroke style , pool length , etc. -RRB- I began swimming with the Stroke Counter . I swam a length , turned around to complete the lap , and glanced at the watch . It showed that I was on lap two . It continued in the same pattern until the end of the swim . Oddly , it showed twice the number of total laps that I swam , but measured the work-out 's distance correctly -LRB- 900 yards -RRB- . The Stroke Counter shuts off after 50 laps . However , given that it was doubling my actual laps , it would shut off 3/4 of the way through a mile swim.I called the number listed on Speedo 's web page . They refused to help me since they do not sell the watch on their web site . They then gave me a series of long-distance numbers to call . During the second call , the customer service person argued with me that a length was actually a lap -- an odd statement from someone working for a swimming-products company . Finally , after a bit more arguing , she gave me yet another long-distance number to call . I called , left a message , and never heard back from Speedo . That was over two weeks ago.Fortunately , my local sports shop offered to order a new one or refund my money . I am going to give the Speedo Stroke Counter one more try , but I suspect this product 's a lemon .
 The watch never worked straight out of the box . I then sent it to Casio , and they supposedly repaired it . It came back still broken . Either I got a dud , or this is just a terrible model .
 I loved this watch for the first 3 years but it started shutting off because it needed to be charged . The problem continued to get worse until it was shutting off several times a day . I sent it in to have it fixed because I liked the watch so much but I was told it would cost $ 88.00 to fix it . It was a great watch but do n't plan on it lasting more than about 3-5 years . From looking around online this is a common problem that I wish I would have known about prior to buying the watch . I would suggest one of the battery powered G-Shock watches over the solar models . Mostly I am mad at casio , $ 88.00 to fix a $ 120.00 watch kind of sucks .
 I bought this expensive solar watch on 10/03/06 . The primary reason for buying this watch is not to want to replace the battery.Well , the battery level was LOW , so I charged it to HIGH under the sun . On the next day morning , the battery level drops back to LOW again , and there are no displays at all for hours , then displays come back . This happens everyday now , so I 'm looking for purchasing of the battery , but could n't find any Sellers or battery id yet.The following reads from its manual on battery : `` Normally , the rechargeable battery should not need replacement , but after very long use over a number of years , the rechargeable battery may lose its ability to achieve a full charge . ... The rechargeable battery should be replaced with a CASIO-specified CTL1616 battery only . `` Do n't be confused with the magic word , `` SOLAR '' . You need a battery replacement down the road.I feel like this is a same kind of the regular G-shock watches -LRB- NOT solar -RRB- , but the solar watch battery seems to live a little longer .
 This watch is neat . It has all of your most used stuff , it 's sleeker than most g-shocks , and it seems like a high quality watch.It stops there . My backlight randomly stopped working one day -LRB- I never really used it much -RRB- , and would come on for literally a split second and flicker off . I assumed it was the battery . I contacted Casio since it was still covered under warranty and they told me to stick it by a window for a few days - obviously it did n't fix the problem since I spend my days outdoors in the sunlight anyway -LRB- it would always say full charge -RRB- . I contacted them again via email , but it took like 4 days for them to return the email and told me I could send it in if I paid for shipping and whatnot . I find this terrible ... I paid way too much for a cheap watch and they want me to pay ? They should really offer a RMA box with pre-paid postage since it 's a fairly large inconvenience.I do n't want to sound like one of those reviewers , but I really got burned by the company . In the future I would like to see Casio take more initiative in their customer service department , and perhaps see them go that extra mile to make sure their customers are satisfied even if their product is problematic . I was n't rough with the watch at all , did n't play sports with it , did n't go swimming with it , never showered with it ... . I could only imagine how upset I 'd be if I were one of those people that really depended on their timepiece -LRB- divers , paramedics , military ... etc -RRB- . I will like to point out that casio has made some great watches , and I do n't want this review to turn anyone off from Casio because I had a bad experience . Just make sure you can return it asap if you buy one .
 This watch arrived with a dead battery . A few attempts to change it resulted only in scuffing the plastic back , so now it is a dead watch with gouged plastic . No useful instructions come with it .
 took it to 3 top-notch watch stores that ca n't adjust the band one of them could make a link solid for 3 times what a paid for the watch but good luck
 Hello!My money for this is not yet returned . Its been a month and a half.I returned the product the next day.Thanksneeraja
 I have had this watch for about a year and it has taken a beating and kept going . It had a lot of nice features . The bad part is that the watchband is very non-standard and I can not get a replacement even from Casio . But for 15 bucks , which is what I paid for it , I can not complain too much . My advice is to either buy a Casio watch with a standard band , which is what I replaced this one with , or if you love it just buy a new one , even if you could find the band it is probably the same price as the watch anyway .
 I have purchased two of these watches ... and am very careful in minimally bending the band when I put it on or take it off . Still , after about a year and a half the bands have BOTH broken . Well , the watch price was low . However , I 'm very happy with the watch ... but the band is c-r-a-p . Read on for details about the band.I phoned Casio customer service today -LRB- 8/2011 -RRB- and requested replacement bands since there clearly is a design problem with the `` resin '' band material cracking two notches toward the watch from where the post enters the band hole . What did they tell me?Casio customer service told me `` The band is n't covered by the warranty . '' Yet , it 's the part that commonly fails first -LRB- my experience and according to many online reviews -RRB- . Casio should either replace the bands under warranty or fix the material out of which it is made so that it does n't crack even with careful use.Casio offered a replacement band for $ 6 + shipping ... shipping is something like $ 8 FedEx or $ 2.75 US Postal Service . You got ta think that in 100,000 quantity this band costs Casio 10 cents to manufacture ... but they want $ 6 + shipping when it fails far sooner than it should -LRB- well before the watch itself typically fails -RRB- . I complained and eventually Casio `` graciously '' offered 15 % off of the $ 6.00 price of the band ... -LRB- that is 90 cents -RRB- . So that means that a `` 10 cent '' band would cost me $ 5.10 + $ 2.75 shipping = $ 7.85 which is approximately half the cost of a new watch . What a rip-off on the band price . Still , since I have two of the watches and they only charge $ 2.75 shipping even if I order two bands , I was all set to order two bands + shipping = $ 12.95 . But I changed my mind when I was told the bands were back-ordered and it would be 3 ~ 4 weeks before they are available . With the premature/common breakage I read about online + my experience , I 'd think Casio would produce these replacement bands in large quantities and there would be no back-orders . My recommendation is to buy this watch ONLY if you 're willing to throw it away when the band breaks -LRB- 1 year ~ 1.5 years ... even when careful with the band -RRB- -- or if you 're willing to be price-gouged to get a replacement band -LRB- which by the way appears to be a unique attachment design ~ could that be intentional on Casio 's part ? -RRB- .
 There are 3-4 variations on the W96H design . Great looking watch with all the functions I wanted . But the deal killer is the watch band . It is held in by screws and can not be replaced by a generic watch band . You have to buy genuine Casio and it was $ 15 at eBay . So more cost effective to get a new W96H type watch . My watch band failed after 10 months while most Casios I have owned take 2-3 years for that to breakSo on to a new model . Just bought the W-800H-1AV which also has a 10 year battery but will take a generic replacement watch band so that when it fails I 'll get a Velcro wrap around for it.First digital I ever bought was Casio 25 years ago.Then eight years ago I tried Timex Iron man and Expedition . I use diff functions a lot and doing this runs down the batteries quickly on these . Plus illumination takes too much juice . So now it is back to Casio and 10 year batteries . Just have to buy the right one
 I have used two of this watch , and for both the band broke in about 1 year .
 I like the Casio watches , but the bands on a lot of their watches are not long enough for me . This is not just a Casio issue . I normally purchase the 3240 w-800h because the band will fit my wrist . I tried this one just to have a different watch this time , but like I said the band was to short . Had to ship it back to Amazon.I can not say enough about the good services from Amazon .
 I have a large wrist . This watch does not allow for a larger replacement band . I have contacted Casio and was told that one size fits all . I will have to give it to someone else . I liked the watch for the large display so I can read it without glasses . DO N'T BUY UNTIL YOU TRY !
 I have been very fond of Casio digital watches since I purchased my first one as a gift for myself way back in 1979 when I was in high school . For the most part , they have been sturdy reliable timepieces.I purchased this watch as I was taken with the full featured display . Even when setting the time or using the stopwatch , the current time was displayed in the lower corner.Now the reason for the two stars ; the watch is NOT waterproof ! I did some simple chores like washing the car , cleaning the pool and suddenly , the display fogged up and the digits went away . The alarm still worked albeit a little bit wet sounding . The display looked like it was full of the letter 'S ' . I only had the watch for a couple of months before failure.I took a look at the back of the case looking for a reason for the leak and found the reason why the watch failed ; it was made in China . This is the third item from China that has failed me . The first one was a bathroom cabinet that stunk of formaldehyde , the second was an office chair that also smelled to high heaven and finally this watch . I am very disappointed in Casio for not using the high quality control that they are known for . I am now looking for another work watch and seriously doubt cheap Casio watches will be on the list.Caveat Emptor -- > Buyer beware
 Please help me this item never recived , what hapen with importing company ; I need another company for importing my orders to M&eacute;xico , please help me to found this new company , I don not want to work more with the current company , because I have had many losses with them , tell me the steps that I needs to follow for found a new importing company , thanks .
 I knew I had a problem when I saw the manual 's diagrams and instructions . If the infinitesimal print were normal size , you 'd have a college textbook . Too complex , too many functions , too many counter-intuitive abbreviations , too many multi-multi-step directions.Every time you want to reset for daylight savings , et cetera - be prepared to waste a few days . It does not work as advertised.After a few frustrating months , I discarded the piece of junk .
 Both the watch and the clock where not functional when we received them . We did not pay too much for this product so did not bother returning it .
 I understand this is not an expensive watch , but this was exceptionally poor quality . The flip case was hard to flip . The buttons to set the time were hard to manipulate and sticky . I actually returned this -
 I like the watches but all two came in the package broken . I would like to return them but I do n't feell like going through all that . What I did is was put some crazy glue on them , hopefully that would last a little while .
 I reviewed this item before not sure why they are asking again . I was disappointed in the actual product . The packaging was so old it was stained yellow and had other kinds of age spots or signs of long wear . It was dusty as well and seemed to be something bought by an individual who changed their mind and then decided to sell it back . The battery was not working anymore so we had to purchase a new one for it . The picture shows two watches as u can see but only one came in the package . It was manufactured from 2006 so I know it is an old item almost forgotten by its previous owner . Even my niece seems to not be interested in it as she showed no enthusiasm for it and hardly wants to wear it . I think some indication should have been made on the description of the item that it was very old . I will not buy from ` Happy Bday ' ever again !!! Amazon should check stock of retailers they represent on their site .
 I got this watch for a Christmas present a couple of years ago . After only a few months it stopped working . I took it in to a watch repair shop and was told that the part the broke would cost nearly as much to fix as it would to just buy a new watch . There was a warranty with the watch , but I forgot to send it in when I got it . So now I have a nice looking , broken watch .
 Too big , ... Much thicker than it looks . Does n't have capability of stopping second hand for accurate set . Not as accurate as a quartz battery watch . Poor investment .
 i ordered the watch with great expectations . once my wife opened it for her birthday gift ... it did NOT work . What a disappointment .
 I ca n't believe the watch has no plastic cover and has scratch on it ! It must be a refurbished one or other stuff but not a new one . Compare with my another order , that one looks like new and original . And the only compensate I got just the shipping back fee refund . I really need this watch , but I hestitate to put another order due to the quality of the product . If someone from amazon can pay special attention to my new potiential order , I will do it but it has to be special discount as a compensation .
 I would not order another watch from this seller . They sent the wrong item . It was listed as a unisex watch and I received a men 's watch . The seller refused any responsibility for the error , blaming it on a `` third party '' or on Amazon for listing the product incorrectly . Additionally , the item arrived with a broken case .
 The watch I bought has a very bad quality.I feel very sorry .
 Anyone shopping for a high end watch should avoid Amazon . The item I purchased arrived and was inoperable . I attempted to return the item and it was immediately shipped back with a notice that Amazon would not take it back claiming there were scratches on the band . After numerous calls to customer service and a flurry of emails , Amazon finally informed me the watch was covered under their warranty program . I had to ship the item to their service center -LRB- at my own expense , including the intial shipment to try and return the item -RRB- and still I have no working watch for my wife to enjoy . To date I am out the cost of a very expensive watch , and the cost of two separate UPS shipments - including insurance coverage.If you are thinking of purchasing a watch on Amazon , go directly to the manufacturer . Trust me , it will save you a lot of time , frustration and effort .
 My husband bought me this watch , not from Amazon , but in Switzerland . I feel the need to tell people about my experience with this watch.It cost over $ 4,000 when new , and I had no problems with it for 8 years , when it unexpectedly died . I assumed it needed a new battery . I brought it to Cartier in Manhasset , NY , for a new battery and the problems began . Not only did they charge me $ 50 for the new battery , but I had to pay a total of almost $ 450 -LRB- before tax -RRB- for `` maintenance '' that I was told the watch needed . This included cleaning , polishing , and other repairs which I was never given specific information on . I was told it included `` whatever the watch needed '' , which could range from a new battery all the way to a new movement if required , plus a 12 month warranty on the work . I stupidly assumed that after paying this , I would not have any more trouble with the watch for another 8 years.Two years after that , the watch died again . I stupidly brought it back to Cartier . -LRB- I assumed that no one but Cartier should touch the watch . -RRB- I AGAIN had to pay $ 450 for another `` maintenance . '' When I told them that I had recently had this done -LRB- 2 years before -RRB- , they said `` That sounds about right '' and that I should expect to do this every 2-3 years . How ridiculous is this ? To spend $ 4,000 on a watch , and then find out you have to spend another $ 500 on it every 2-3 years ? If I knew this originally , I would NOT HAVE BOUGHT THIS WATCH . I think that they assume people will pay this because of the Cartier name , but personally I think it 's pretty bad manufacturing to make something that dies every 2-3 years . I could have bought a Longines for LESS money and had no problems at all with it.Then , after 6 months , the watch died again ! I stormed back to Cartier and thankfully , since they guarantee their work for 12 months , they took the watch back and told me that there would be no cost to fix it , which they did , but never told me what they did or what was originally wrong with it.Next time this watch dies -LRB- and I am sure it will -RRB- , I may go back to Cartier and demand a new watch ... wish me luck ! If I even bother fixing it , I will bring the watch to my regular jeweler , who told me that they will put in the same battery as Cartier would , and even get a new Cartier movement if necessary and would never charge me the amount of money that Cartier did.Overall , it is a beautiful watch , and I get lots of compliments on it . Also , lots of people stare with jealosy and never say a word ! I do love it , but I am deeply annoyed that the quality is so low , and that the Cartier stores charge so much money for service .
 It was a big mistake to buy a Cartier watch through Amazon.com . The watch stopped working less than a month after I received it . I took it to Cartier to see if the problem was a dead battery . It was not the battery ; the battery was fine , it was the watch itself . It cost over 400 dollars for repairs .
 Do not buy this product . It stopped working after 2 years with no reason and it costs 1,000 to send for repair .
 I 've been shopping around for a Cartier watch for some time , and I 've read the reviews above regarding buyer 's experiences with buying a high end Cartier watch on line . I am frankly a bit amazed at just how forgiving people are . I am not so forgiving , so I will gladly pay a bit more to be ensured that I get a factory fresh item which has not been tossed down a flight of stairs on the way to my front door . Come on people , if you buy a $ 4000 + watch , you have a right to be a little more demanding about getting a mint item in a mint box , and a proper warranty . I reside near a retail store that handles Cartier and they will give me a 10 % discount . Yes , I will have to pay tax , but I can be assured of getting an excellent product this way . Just had to vent a little , please forgive me as I do not intend to insult anyone who is otherwise happy with their on-line purchase .
 Although the dealer took exceptionally good care of me , the product and it 's replacement was lacking in quality . The stones kept falling out ! I did receive a full refund and they could n't have been nicer , I 'd buy from them again if needed !!
 The description makes this item seem as though it is a real timex band . Instead I got some cheap ripoff that is nothing like the original . When I tried to return it , The Watchband Store would not respond to my emails . They also did not respond to my emails asking about the whereabouts of the order after two weeks . Fortunately Amazon refunded the purchase price to me , but I would not order from this company if I were you!UPDATE
 I bought 3 of these as gifts ... it looks and feel cheap , the battery was low for all 3 ... could n't even use the indigo light .
 With a name like Expedition , one would expect this watch band to stand up to the rigors of travel and adventure in the most exotic of locales . Well , it is certainly stylish and attractive enough to appear in a National Geographic photo shoot , but will likely fall off of the wearer 's wrist as soon as the cameras are off ! I purchased the item last year as a spare and put it into service this spring . After four months of use , it tries to fall off even when I 'm sitting still . The velcro strip did not provide a very vigorous closure when it was brand new and it steadily lost its grip even further over time . If the most strenuous `` expedition '' you have planned is a chaufferred trip to the mall , and you regularly replace your watchband every few months , then you 'll do fine with this band . Otherwise , do yourself a favor and look elsewhere .
 My small women 's watch has 13mm pins , and this is n't even close to being narrow enough . This would fit only 15 to 16mm , not the 12-16mm range that they specify . And if you try to cut the edge off the strip to make it narrower , it instantly unravels completely , rendering it unusable -LRB- and I assume unreturnable . -RRB- To their credit , it 's a nice design , with the strip that goes through the pins being nice and thin , attached to the surface of the wider thicker black webbing strap . Other brand watch straps appear to just thread the whole thick strap between the pins and the watch , which does n't fit on a small , thin , delicate watch .
 The elastic band turned out to be much wider than the watch lugs , despite having measured carefully . The instructions for the page to be used as a measuring guide state to print at a &#34; 100 % &#34; . Well , Acrobat PDF reader does n't give you a 100 % option , just &#34; fit &#34; and &#34; actual &#34; . Regardless , the size as shipped is too wide ... : -LRB-
 I have a watch with a 16mm watchband that broke so I ordered this . I 'm very disappointed because the elastic part that holds the watch case is 20mm so it is impossible to use . Aside from that it does seem to be a solid product .
 Top 5 reasons why I am unhappy with this :1 -RRB- band is cheap - 8.95 is not commensurate with cheap velcro strap on nylon material2 -RRB- The 16-20mm band just does not fit my 16 mm watch . Not sure how they came up with this ... 3 -RRB- the band is NOT leather - only the little `` Expedition '' seal is made of `` leather `` 4 -RRB- the strap 's loophole is made of plastic , which would be bound to break immediately .5 -RRB- nowhere on the product 's page is any of this detailed.However , it arrived in a timely fashion .
 While this watch band does wrap quickly , that is just about all it does well . Due to the largely nylon -LRB- `` leather-cloth '' ? More like nylon cloth with a sewed-on leather patch -RRB- construction of the watch band , it picks up liquids and scents readily , and retains them unless you vigorously wash and dry the band , every day.After less than a month of my using the band , it began to smell like bacteria fermenting sugars to vinegar , as did my wrist after wearing the watch for any period of time.Still worse , then watch proper attaches to the band via a strip of elastic-like material that loops behind the watch and over the main nylon band . While highly flexible to accommodate the fattest watch bodies , the elastic material is almost comically weak for a band with the `` expedition '' logo on it.If you want an easily adjustable replacement watch band , I would strongly recommend investigating rubberized plastic watch bands , since the scent and weakness of the attachment on this band make it.Avoid .
 It says it is a 16 to 20mm band -LRB- this size is the distance between the arms that hold the band -RRB- . My watch is 20mm and this band was way too wide . One more thing in the recycle bin .
 ordered it at the end of marcg - i should have goten it till 29aprstill waite . send them email at 29apr via amazon - they didnt replycost 25 $ and would never buy there again stay away from that store
 I am a woman who likes a large dial , more rugged man 's style watch . This band is not great for a smaller wrist . The velcro at the end of the strap does not hold tight to the band , and it catches on the cuffs of sweaters and fleeces , making them pill . The issue is exacerbated by the wideness of the velcro bit - it does n't taper and is not rounded , so it catches easily . My husband -LRB- he 's 6 ' 2 '' but not heavy -RRB- found a similar issue when he tried it . If your wrist has a larger circumference , the problem might not be as noticeable.Otherwise it was very easy to put on ; I feared a lot of fiddling with the spring bars , but they were a cinch to manipulate .
 this strap is comfortable but seems to get stinky very quickly which was no an issue on my old band
 Looking at my email I thought something was wrong . You Guys sent me the wrong watch . You sent me the 607 not the 40400 . I HAVE BEEN TO BUSY TO DEAL WITH THE SITUATION !
 The first thing I noticed on receiving this watch was that dial on this watch is very difficult to see . The gold hands and numbers do not stand out well against the grey background . The luminescence is rarely visible in the dark . The self winding mechanism does not keep accurate time . I wear a watch out of habit but then slowly realized that because the time was wrong and hard to see it serves no useful purpose . I am now unfortunately shopping for another watch .
 This sounded like a good option for me because I travel to countries where I can not replace a watch battery . But it is very , very hard to read the hands of the watch because of the glare from the glass and it gains about 10 minutes a week ! Does NOT keep good accurate time .
 I am sorry to report that I am not happy with this watch at all . After just two weeks the watch stopped . I would apprecaite if the products I buy from amazon worked properly .
 I bought two of these watchbands in different sizes , one for me and another one for my husbands , since our original rubber ones had both broken . The product 's quality is just awful , both velcros came off after just two months of use -LRB- mine and my husbands -RRB- and I had to sew them back on with nylon . Then the velcro came off again ... We just gave up . I would have returned it if I did n't live abroad de US.I DO NOT RECOMEND THIS PRODUCT !
 I bought two of these watchbands in different sizes , one for me and another one for my husbands , since our original rubber ones had both broken . We were excited when we received them because they looked great and had good fit.The product 's quality is just awful , both velcros came off after just two months of use -LRB- mine and my husbands -RRB- and I had to sew them back on with nylon . Then the velcro came off again ... We just gave up.I would have returned it if I did n't live abroad de US.I DO NOT RECOMEND THIS PRODUCT !
 Purchased this fast-wrap band as a replacement . The band looked amazing and was a great fit ... but within a month , the rubber pull-tab 's stitching separated from the nylon backed velcro . It is now useless . I have since purchased a simple , black fast-wrap one from Wal-mart for $ 8 and it works great .
 Unless you specifically know what these are and like them ... they are n't like you think ... seem to be too small also
 The band is too short -LRB- 8 '' -RRB- and is not long enough to fit my wrist -LRB- 8.5 '' -RRB- , and it says `` LONG '' . But that 's okay , the spring bars included do not fit either , being 13mm minimum OAL , and the opening is 17mm min . If you carefully inserted the pins , they would rest inside the watch band opening of the case , and fail to latch into the opening.Useless . There is a second layer of the watch band , sewn to the band at the end of the velcro , to retain the watch , without contact between the watch and your wrist.If the watch band fit my wrist , and the spring bars fit my watch , the opening to fit my watch is insufficient -LRB- 4 cm , max CTC between rows of stitching -RRB- . My watch is 4.5 cm between the spring bars . IF the spring bars fit , the watch band MIGHT be long enough , its after all , elastic , but I 'll never know . Too little , too short , too late.So the watch band is too short , the spring bars are too short , and the space for the watch is not sufficient , 0 for 3 . Just one would have given them a good batting average . Do I expect too much ?
 I love the looks of this watch , and it turns heads as its got a huge face that can be easily seen from a distance , however I 've had nothing but bad luck technically . The first one I bought lost obout 20 minutes a day , I sent it back and got a replacement -LRB- a very smooth process -RRB- , however now 2 weeks later the number 2 has fallen off the 12 , so I 'm going to give up as I have to pay for shipping every time I send it back , and there seems to be some fudamental issues with the workmanship .
 I was happy that this watch would have all the basic functionalities in it as it is mentioned in the prduct description but I felt very cheated once I gt it deliverd and found that there is no Date display on this watch . Is this just to mention or I have got the wrong watch ? Please make sure before u purchase it .
 The strap in this female watch is hard and non-adjustable , it is also very wide , so if you have an average slim wrist this watch will not fit you properly .
 Length :
 I love this watch ... it 's very pretty and feels good around the wrist because of the bracelet style . I just wish it kept the time ! About once a week , it just stops or has the wrong time . I set the time and it starts working again for about another week . I changed the battery and it still happens so I know that is not the problem . This is the second Seiko watch that I have had the same problems with . I spent almost half of the purchase price on repairs for the last one and still had problems . I wo n't do that again with this one but I wo n't buy Seiko when this one finally stops working altogether .
 I purchased this watch for my daughter only 2 months ago and it is already giving us problems . I purchased it for the Shark name and longevity of the company . It is a cute watch , but has deficiencies in design . The plasic is easily scratched like every other cheap watch half its price . The settings are complicated for the age group this watch appeals to . Also , the alarm does n't always go off when it indicates that it will.On a positive note , the retailer that contracts with amazon delivered this in a fast manner .
 I 'm writing this review after owning the Lupah for a couple of years . One of the digits came off the face and is floating around . Called the customer service - apparently they warranty the quality for only 1 year . ONE YEAR !! And this is a swiss watch ! Not cheap either ! Now they want me to pay for the repair - but they would n't tell me what the repair will cost . To determine that I have to send in the watch along with $ 20 . The crystal is of very poor quality too . It scratches very easily.I can guarantee you - your Lupah will look all banged up in just a short while . That is , if it still works.Not what I expected from a swiss watch .
 This watch has a comfortable soft band and pretty feminine styling . Unfortunately it does n't work . After two months it stopped completely . I sent it back for warranty -LRB- which cost me the price of shipping plus a ridiculous $ 25 for them to ship it back to me . -RRB- Two months later they returned the watch to me , saying the second hand had been stuck but now was fixed . Sure enough the second hand works now , but only intermittently . The watch does n't keep time - it loses an hour or two each day . I called Invicta again and they want me to ship it back to them a second time at my expense . The quality of the watch is quite low & the customer service only slightly better . I would strongly recommend against purchasing this watch even though it is pretty . You 'd be better off buying a pretty bracelet and checking your cell phone for the time .
 This watch was purchased as a supposedly `` quality '' timepiece for my wife 's birthday . When it stopped working about 45-days after purchase , I took it to my jewelers to change the battery . My jeweler found the mechanism to be bound , and considered the quality to be no more than average.Lesson learned
 I 'm writing this review after owning the Lupah for a couple of years . One of the digits came off the face and is floating around . Called the customer service - apparently they warranty the quality for only 1 year . ONE YEAR !! And this is a swiss watch ! Not cheap either ! Now they want me to pay for the repair - but they would n't tell me what the repair will cost . To determine that I have to send in the watch along with $ 20 . The crystal is of very poor quality too . It scratches very easily.I can guarantee you - your Lupah will look all banged up in just a short while . That is , if it still works.Not what I expected from a swiss watch .
 I received this watch as a gift . It stopped after a few wearings . I took it to have the battery replaced , and it was n't the battery . I sent it back , and am awaiting my refund . One thing I do n't understand - I got an email from Amazon saying that this watch is no longer available from the supplier , and they can not replace it . But on this site , it says they are in stock . What 's with that ?
 I have no idea what material the band is made out of , but it definitely is not very durable . Within the first week of wear , the band was tearing .
 After reading a lot about Invicta watches this was a let down.Could not read the time or get the crown out to adjust the time.Maybe one of their other watches will be better .
 I bought this watch two weeks ago . This watch does n't work accurately . It runs a few seconds faster every day .
 i purchased this watch to go with my collection . it never worked from the get go . i do n't know why they put some ridicously high price on the watches then offer them for 10 % of original cost . although the watch looked good it would n't keep time and that 's what a watch should do .
 The watch is very nice looking and my husband loved it until we realized it did n't keep time . Worthless ! Amazon was great about the return , very quick .
 worst watch ever . got this item thinking it was a bargin , and looked good . Turns out the stem will fall out on it 's own , and need to be replaced by invicta at a cost of 28 $ . Got that done , and 3 weeks later it fell out again . I will never buy another Invicta watch ever !
 It 's wonderful looking and takes a good beating , but it 's dead after approx . 1-1/2 years-Purchased at Costco for a great price-Looks as close as a non illegal replica can look-everything was at LEAST worth the $ 59 price -LRB- on sale from $ 109 -RRB- -6 months in the crown started popping out randomly-within the year the time would randomly stop-6 months ago watch stopped completely-People here are correct that Invicta requires a check be sent to work on a warranty item -LRB- are they Microsoft or Ford Motors now ?? -RRB- Costco took it back , they gave me crap as usual , but they did . For those of you wondering about that last comment , Costco Wholesale Club does n't have an actual return policy except for TV 's , Cell Phones , Certain electronics etc. . . so it 's up to them whether they will take something back in 2 days or 4 years . Anyway I digress , I have Fossil , Timex , Seiko , and various fashion watches that are working after 5 years with only a dead battery issue . I think my old Swatch from the 80 's worked for about 5 years . I 'm truly sorry I wore it for that long but that 's a different story altogether ... Invicta will bite you in the bum down the road . You 'll end up regretting the purchase , I 'm sure of it .
 Upon positive reviews from other amazon reviewers and one of my friends who had ordered an Invicta in the past , I decided to purchase this watch.It arrived in the packaging , and was everything it was made out to be
 I emailed Invicta for advice in adjusting the watchband and was ignored . I bought the watch to use while snorkling and I got the automatic because I do not think the quartz watches are much different among brands except for the case and therefore not worth the premium price . I am sorry I bought an Invicta because the total lack of customer service .
 This watch does not work for me after I bought everything to make it work , after several days I decided to take him to watch where I said it was dry , they had to wash the machine with oil , after that pay for q is fixed but would not recommend even now prefer not to buy these products or maybe I just had bad luck .
 Not impressed with this brand because it stopped working rediculously fast.This watch did n't even last 6 months of gentle wear.One of my old watches I wrapped around the steering wheel of my old truck so I would have a clock in it . Years of hanging out in the truck , hot or cold , it kept working . And this was after I had worn it for years as my outside work watch . It was a Mickey mouse watch I picked up years ago on a trip to Disney . I had outgrown it.I now know I should have appreciated my old watches , wish i had never given them to the local thrift shop when they were n't shinny and new looking after years and years of wearing.This brand did n't last even six months of office wear .
 The aesthetics and the apparent build quality is as good as people say here . However , my watch broke after 2 months . It stopped at 11:55 pm , which means that the date mechanism broke . The Invicta warranty is horrendous - requiring a bank draft of ~ $ 28 to pay for return shipping and I 'll also have to pay to get the watch to the service centre . I 've decided to just throw the watch away and not invest half of what I paid for it plus time and energy . Not sure if it is just this line of movements from Invicta as Costco carries the brand too . But this is the last time I 'm buying an Invicta product .
 stopped working 3 minutes after taking it out of the boxthe seconds hand stops by the 22 markwhat a waste of money !!
 INVICTA IS THE WORST AT CUSTOMER SERVICE AND STANDING BEHIND THERE PRODUCT . I BOUGHT A PRO DIVER UNDER FULL WARRANTY , THE CROWN NEVER LOCKED -LRB- SCREWED -RRB- SHUT . I SENT IT BACK , AFTER TWO MONTHS THEY SENT ME BACK THE SAME EXACT WATCH WITH THE SAME DEFECT . THIS ISNT THE FIRST TIME . TRULY A PIECE OF JUNK . STAY AWAY !!!
 I recently purchased an Invicta watch for myself and the outside ring insert fell out . After talking to Tony at their taft street address in Hollywood , Florida , -LRB- which is by the way where I 'm from -RRB- , I was told I would have to pay 15.00 because it was n't a warranty item . Now , I took the watch into the ocean for the first time and it filled up with water . And this is the `` pro diver '' version that is supposed to go to 660 feet ? 6 feet and now it is a disposable item . And the watch is untouched from the factory ... I 've never had the back off . After what I went through with the bezel insert I do n't even want to call them again . So let this review be a lesson to all of you potential buyers ... poor quality and customer service equal a bad deal . I 'm surprised that amazon is still carrying them .
 Wore the watch that is supposedly water resistant to 660ft and it 's all fogged up . I should n't have believed all the reviews Invicta makes garbage !
 My watch seems to run fast about 30 seconds to a minute every day , so after a week of wearing it is 5 minutes fast . Not very useful to me .
 I 've had this watch for 1.5 years . the stem and crown came out while I was setting the time . so much for invicta quality !
 My watch took it into the water on the face so I do not recommend
 When I received my watch , I was very happy . I had a really cool automatic timepiece that seemed like it was very high quality . It had a lot of the same qualities of the Rolex Submariner that I had been considering , but at a fraction of the price.Several months into my purchase , I noticed that the pins that attach the band to the watch were starting to sag . Coming from a background in manufacturing , I understand that you can occasionally have supply chain issues , so I had these pins replaced . No harm , no foul , life goes on.One month later , I was skiing at Squaw Valley in Lake Tahoe . I was making a pretty hard turn and my boot ejected . I ended up falling pretty hard and sliding down the hill , but I felt that pin on the watch come out again and the watch came off . I went back and looked for the watch on the next run , but it was nowhere to be found -LRB- it was snowing . -RRB- I contacted Invicta and explained the situation to them . They told me that there was nothing that they could do and they told me that it was my fault for wearing a watch while I ski . I feel like a company should back up their products , and Invicta fails to do this , even with a watch that they call a `` pro '' watch.I do not anticipate ever purchasing a product from them again .
 My Invicta Model 2876 watch , a gift my girlfriend bought for my birthday was EXTREMELY disappointing . The problems , which existed since I received the watch :1 . It lost between 5 minutes and 30 minutes every 24 hours . I had to reset it each morning .2 . The date hand never moved . It was stuck where it was when I opened its box .3 . The `` quick-set '' button `` A '' that was supposed to change the date did not function in any way . It was stuck in a pushed-in position when I received the watch in its packaging . I managed to unstick it , but then it did n't make the date hand move , nor did it function in any other way.I had to pay Invicta $ 20 to have it fixed.The card the company sent me to confirm that it had been received left instructions on how to check the status of repairs online that were totally inconsistent with the site itself . I had to figure that out on my own.The watch took more than 6 weeks for Invicta to fix.Invicta shipped the watch back to me , and UPS delivered it while I was out of town to someone I do n't know in my apartment building . This person , presumably , is still in possession of the watch and has stolen it from me . Granted this is n't Invicta 's fault per se , except in so far as they sold my girlfriend a piece of garbage that we had to return in the first place.So I 'm out $ 20 , my girlfriend 's out hundreds , and we 've got nothing to show for it . We would have had more fun burning dollar bills.Invicta is a garbage company that has garbage service and sells garbage products . The whole experience has not just turned me off as far as Invicta goes , but has turned me off on the WHOLE IDEA OF OWNING A WATCH in the first place , which I had decided to return to after years of relying on my cell phone to tell time . That 's what I 'll keep doing .
 Just received the watch today . It looks great , very nice looking watch , BUT BE AWARE , it is NOT 43mm , it 's a very small watch , much smaller than Omega Seamaster or similar watches that are known for their size -LRB- 43mm -RRB- . I am returning mine today .
 battery gave out in 7 months.if you try to replace it on your own , you void the warranty.you must send it in.you pay for shipping there $ 12money order for return shipping $ 29replace battery $ 10after spending $ 49 , they tell me it will take 3 months to change the battery.Do not waste your time or money .
 I 've had 2 Invicta 's for about 18 months . Good looking watch but ... It 's impossible to set / stop the second hand in order to sychronize it with the US Naval Observatory time . Just as bad it gains 5 minutes a week at a constant rate . This review applies to both of my Invictas .
 I actually bought the battery powered version but because I had already given it a review , it wo n't let me add another review . I have had the watch 6 weeks . It is now leaking . I saw moisture on the inside of the crystal and after closer inspection saw water rolling around inside of the watch . The warranty required me to send $ 25 shipping and insurance and it cost me another $ 10 for shipping and insurance to send it to Invicta . I have over $ 100 into the watch . I checked the pin and it was screwed down tight and I never took the back off as it came with a working battery . It is a great looking watch and the battery powered version I got kept great time . But , leaking water after 6 weeks is unacceptable . You might want to look elsewhere . And , I do n't know if it 's even going to be repaired properly .
 One week ago , I would have given this watch five stars . It looked great , felt great , and for my purposes ... it kept great time . An automatic watch appealed to me because -LRB- I thought -RRB- it would run forever ... and you ca n't find an automatic watch at as good a price as the Invicta 8926 . I thought it was too good to be true ... and it was.I 've been wearing the watch all day for the past week or so , so it should have been wound up pretty well , but today it stopped on me three separate times . The first time , I shook it a bit and it started up again and was fine for another few hours ... then stopped again . I then wound it manually , and it was fine for another few hours . At this point I was already fed up and looked at the Invicta warranty plan.Despite Amazon 's free platinum extended warranty plan -LRB- sounds fancy -RRB- , Invicta 's warranty policy is still ridiculous . As other reviewers have pointed out , you need to pay for shipping BOTH ways ! With insurance , that 's over half the cost of the watch . Screw that ... I 'm getting a different watch and telling everyone how bad Invicta is so they do n't make the same mistake .
 The watch mechanism is great , but if you 're looking for a watch that will last , including the watchband , then look elsewhere . My watchband -LRB- all stainless steel -RRB- broke at the end and a regular watch repair shop can not fix it . It must be replaced , so I called/emailed Invicta and their response was that I can PAY for a replacement . The replacement fee was 20 % of the MSRP of the watch , which is $ 255.00 on their website , not including shipping ! The warranty that is supposed to be one-year only includes the interior mechanism of the watch . It does n't include anything that is related to the exterior , including the watchband . I emailed several times to Invicta , and I never got an email reply back . I am extremely disappointed and I thought I was getting a great product that will last . Next time , maybe I should invest my money in something that has a REAL warranty with a real effective customer service department .
 I bought this watch for my sons graduation gift . It looked great but after only a week the band broke right at the bezel and had to be repaired by a professional for half the cost of the watch itself .
 The invicta watch appeared to be a bargain when I purchased it , however after one day 's wear the second hand came off and blocked the minute hand and so the watch stopped and I sent it back .
 I had this watch for over a year , and last 3 months it 's collecting dust on a shelf . The auto-winding was not working when I bought it , so I had to send it to the repair facility -LRB- $ 15 s & h ;-RRB- . After that it worked GREAT for about 7 months . Closer to the end of the warranty period it became not as accurate as it used to be , and precisely after 1 year it started dying at random moments . The cost of repair now is comparable with a cost of a new watch of the same kind , or even higher.In other words guys , the looks are deceiving . Rolex it is NOT !
 I have read reviews on this watch , most of them bad . . but I gambled . . and lost!I would not purchase this product , as it came out of the box with a cracked back , and ran very fast for the day I had it , before I sent it back.Amazon gave me a full refund , plus shipping expenses . I will purchase again from Amazon . . but not this watch.Please read other reviews on this watch , but I would not purchase the Invicta brand again .
 I was really happy with this watch . But after 10 months or so . . it never keeps time . The movement must be really cheap if overnight it stops . I 'm not going to wear it to bed . I 've had to set it so much that now , the set cap is so lose it can become unscrewed and fall off . I would pass on all automatic 's from Invicta if i were you .
 This is the second Invicta watch I purchased that was defective . In this case , the automatic movement began working -LRB- after some initial winding -RRB- but I was surprised to see that it had stopped in the middle of the day -LRB- while wearing it -RRB- . I cranked it up and again , it stopped after a couple of hours . This pattern continued to repeat before I finally decided to return it for a refund . Yes , its a nice looking watch -LRB- if a common and tired design -RRB- and is sold for a great price , but I 'm now quite skeptical of Invicta 's quality . I had previously purchased the very similar -LRB- but smaller -RRB- style # 8932 from another store and it had the same issues of running for a while , then stopping . Which was even more surprising in that case since it was a battery-powered quartz movement -LRB- battery replacement was no help -RRB- . So I guess if you are one of the lucky ones to get a good unit you have a real bargain - if not , you may be out of luck and late for your appointment !
 Since I bought , I have set the time more than 5 times and everytime after a day it changed its time.Returned it back . As per Amazon , it is my fault and they have charged shipping to me .
 I bought one of these 2 weeks ago I am wearing it and today , the indicator to the seconds , got loose inside the watch . Now I have to send it to repair . I was happy until today , but I am starting to think that this is regular junk . Juan Montalto , Costa Rica
 This is a beautiful watch , and I would have given it a five star rating if it had not been for the following
 STAY AWAY FROM THESE WATCHES , and this company ! Yes , their watches are cheap , but that is because they are shoddy ! Invicta makes poor-quality watches , and their customer service is absolutely atrocious ! My watch , that is supposedly water resistant , stopped working in normal humid weather . I never wore it swimming or in water . The customer service department is very difficult to deal with , and mystery charges appear for things that should be covered by the warranty -LRB- $ 28 flat-rate shipping , except internationally , which is $ 75 , etc -RRB- . I was asked to give private credit card information over a normal email , which is unprofessional and unsafe . Please , do n't make the same mistake I did , and think twice before buying one of their products .
 It looks good , thats just about it!The watch itself feels like kid toys made in china that is going to fall apart anytime soon.The band feels like a cheap hollow tin can.When I read some positive amazon reviewers , they all says how heavy it is . but its way lighter compare to my cheap casio watch.It looks good because its rolex wanna-be , and thats about what you get for $ 90 ... Rolex looks.This will likely be my last invicta -LRB- who ? -RRB- purchase ... Thanks Amazon for your fast shipping .
 I bought the dive watch for my trip to the great barrier reef . It arrived a few days before I left and the time was incorrect . I reset the time and the next day it was off again . I returned the watch .
 now . . this watch looks great but thats it.it will not be a dream come true and you will get what u pay 4 . dont get me wrong ,5 * s on the looks but keeps terible time and is built cheap.this coming from a 23 yo who owns 13 watches including 2 rolexes 4 tisots and a couple seikos.i know a lot about em ' . so if looking for a cheap good looking thing to wear get this but if you want a good watch and u dont have 8 G 's for a rolex a sieko will do just fine .
 I purchased two Invicta 's after watching some watch show sale on tv late night -LRB- god , I hate when I do that -RRB- . But for the price I figured it was worth the risk . I had a serious Rolex urge and this was what I could afford . Anyway the watches were boxed in nice yellow leather boxes and at first looked awesome , but it became appearent they were knock off quality . One watch was a yachmaster type and from the start the small dials did n't work right and the dial 's paint wore off , the other one was a titanium model and the movement just kinda felt and looked cheesy . I gave em both to my then 12 year old who promptly `` lost '' them -LRB- probably got mugged at school -RRB- , but I shed no tears . I got my Rolex soon after -LRB- a `` cheap '' used one , although not a Sub -RRB- and even though it was like 15 years old its now over 20 years old and running well , I just dont want to wear it everyday . I 'm getting a Seiko 007 and crossing my fingers it has better craftmanship than Invicta -LRB- twice the price also but still a fraction of a Rolex -RRB- . I would advice waiting a week , save a few more dollars , and getting a Casio , Seiko , or Pulsar over an Invicta .
 This is not battery operated . It is self winding . The self winding mechanism makes a metal clang each time your wrist moves . It was too annoying for me .
 Just received this watch yesterday after much anticipation and OF COURSE it was delivered broken . After many unsuccessful tries at getting the automatic watch to start keeping time I finally gave up . I will be returning this watch for a full refund and will not be purchasing another one ever again . I am going to purchase a better quality one such as a swiss legend or something more reputable than invicta . Save yourself the trouble and stay away from this watch .
 I really wanted to like the watch because it was self-winding , but my watch runs about 5 minutes fast for every week . So , after about a month , I 'm really just guessing what time it is.It looks nice and does in fact wind itself , but the whole not being able to accurately keep track of time thing is a big let down .
 I really liked this watch - until the crown simply fell out after 5 months . I had a hard time pulling it out to set the date and time - something seemed to be wrong with whatever was holding it in.Anyway , one day I looked down and the crown was missing.Now I 've got to ship it back to Invicta along with 20 bucks for shipping and handling -LRB- do n't most manufacturers cover this ?? -RRB-
 This timepiece is about as far from a Rolex as you can find , knockoff or lookalike . The enclosed instructions include only directions on winding several watches , refers buyer to Invicta site , where there are no instructions , including how to adjust the band . The band requires special jeweler instruments/tools to adjust , and other Amazon postings indicate it is a hassle to reassemble . I have a real Rolex , and the appearnce of this vis a vis genuine is about 180 degrees out . I am returning mine , I do n't have the time or incentive to have to start running the streets to find a jeweler to adjust fit on something new out of the box and for which I have to throw good money after bad . Mine goes back for credit today .
 My wife bought this watch for me as a Christmas gift two years ago . By the next Christmas , I had sent it in for repair three times . The first two times they told me nothing was wrong and that it only needed cleaning . Finally , it completely stopped working and someone actually tried to fix it . I 've had enough of Invicta . There are some better options available with better customer service .
 This watch came packaged in a dirty yellow case . I should have gotten a hint from the condition of the case ... the inside of the case was also soiled and the watch looked like it had been used
 Have had it 7 months and has now stopped . A Shame , because it is a good looking watch . The last few months it got progressively slower . Not looking forward to dealing with Invicta customer service so may just forget about it , which is what I recommend you do .
 I went swimming with the watch on and the lens fogged up . I 've only had the watch a few months . I 'm going to try returning it .
 I bought two of this watch around 2009 Christmas when I was on a business trip in US -LRB- I 'm from China -RRB- because the customer review rating was pretty high and it 's cheap -LRB- 67 $ at that time -RRB- as a gift to my father and father-in-law . They were very happy when they got it because it 's from US and it looked cool.But , in two weeks , I was told both of the watches did n't work well . Both of them ran 10 + minutes per day and steam came in easily when washing hands . They did n't wear it anymore.I 'm so embarrassed . Actually , it 's my first gift to my father-in-law ...
 Received this watch and could not wait to get going . Read the manual and followed the instructions for getting it wound up . Started wearing it until bedtime when I noticed it had stopped running about 20 minutes after I initially wound it . Figured I may not have wound it correctly and went to sleep . The following morning I wound it up again , this time turning the crown twice as much as the manual recommends . By the time I got to work it was dead again which is when I decided to return it right away . From what I can tell dealing with Invicta to get it fixed would only cost more time and money , when it should of worked right when I got it ! I may decide to order a new one because it really is a great looking watch !
 I bought this watch about 2 years ago . From the start I had difficulty with the screw down crown , upon reading other reviews this is a common problem . When changing the date , I had to press down and turn the crown a number of times before it would `` catch '' and would screw down . Finally it stripped and will not screw down . I decided to send it back to Invicta as it is under warranty . Estimated repair was $ 18 , but you must also send them a check for shpping and handling for $ 28 . This is in addition to my shipping cost to send to them . BTW the address for Invicta is about 100 miles from me . Shiipping and handling charge is way out of line . To top all this off expected reapair time is 90 days . You must also remember that this is an estimated repair cost . All in all it would cost me at least $ 50 to repair a watch I bought 2 years ago for $ 74 . I 'm going back to wearing my old dive watch that I bought over 25 years ago and never had a problem . BTW my wife had a similar problem with a watch from a differnt manufacturer and it cost her $ 5 for S&H and all repairs were covered . I should have read the one star reviews on Invicta products before buying this watch , I never would have purchased it .
 After wearing it daily for a couple of months , the pin that holds the safety for the fold-over-clasp broke down . I did n't want to get rid of the safety , so I let it hang in there until it just fell off one day without me noticing . Then a few months after while I was walking , the watch just fell off of my wrist . The pin for the fold-over-clasp somehow broke so the bracelet got disengaged . I did n't bother looking for the pin anymore .
 I bought this watch for my husband for Christmas . We both loved the style and how nice it looks on his wrist . However it does not keep time . He wears it a lot and yet it is always off on date and time . So , if you are n't going to use it to tell time than this watch would be fine but if you are counting on it to keep time this is not the watch for you.I am very sad to have to return this watch because they company would not send a replacement .
 Worse kinetic watch i 've owned . You have to constantly motion the watch to keep it wound and running . leaving it to rest at night is enough to make it stop running by morning . Totally useless .
 looks are deceiving ! appears as a beautiful watch on your computer screen , right ? but after you spend your money on it and hold it in your hand , you will then realize it is a five dollar watch . the wristband resembles a slinky toy . it will stop ticking after sitting on your bedroom nightstand over night . you will be resetting the time everyday . some of you will have to see it for yourself to believe it . once you buy it and put it on your wrist , you will think back and remember this product review ... and wish you would have listened . just find another watch , you will thank me .
 I purchased the 8926 Pro Diver Watch back in December 2011 and it stopped working just 7 months later . It 's a good looking watch , but the quality is terrible . Furthermore , Invicta 's warranty is a less than desirable . You have to pay them $ 27 plus S&H to send the watch to them and I 've heard horror stories of people not receiving their watches back for up to 3 months . There are countless complaints on the web about Invicta . If I had to do it all over again , I 'd stick with a brand name you can trust and stay away from Invicta .
 Perhaps my expectations , which I based on customer feedback , were too high . After all the Invicta Pro Diver sells for less than $ 80 . The bracelet is held together with split pins , which are a little flimsy , but that 's to be expected in this price range . I bought it because I wanted an automatic and I was prepared for it to be less accurate than a quartz movement . It keeps very consistent time -- it loses 12 seconds per day , every day . The customer service person with whom I corresponded told me this was not normal , and they could adjust it properly if I sent it to them with $ 28 . I found the prospect of spending money to get the watch properly adjusted quite galling -LRB- I did n't do it -RRB- . If Invicta has people who know how to adjust a watch , why was n't that done before I bought it ? Imagine spending $ 25,000 on a new car and being told that if you want it adjusted to run properly you have to pay an additional $ 9000 . That 's the same ratio as the $ 28 charge to my purchase price for the Invicta Pro Diver . I 'd give it three stars if it kept accurate time . As it is , this is the first and probably last watch I 'll buy on the internet .
 What a shame , looked great , felt great , however , when I went to set date and time , could not set date . Its being sent back , and I decided to spend more for a Orient and hopefully get something that works .
 I purchased this watch because it had many of the features I value most
 Unfortunately the gift was n't used for a year so by the time it was taken out of the box , the warranty had expired . It does not keep time because it is automatic not a manual adjustment . I even took it to a jewelry store and they could n't fix it I have bought a few other Invicta watches and have had good success .
 I did tons of research for a nice watch , I got this after all my research . The watch look great very nice but can be very uncomfortable.I was wearing it for 2 days and right after i put it on I feel the crow -LRB- the nob to change the time -RRB- on the top of my hand . The crown is very large that it was making a mark every time I had my hand down , this was after I got it sized for m hand . I have medium hans not sure if this might be the problem , but I had to return it . Good luck .
 I got a Pro Diver for my birthday and sorry to say it is the worst watch I have ever owned . It is self winding and if I do n't wear it every day the self winding watch runs down . May continue running for a 1.5 days at most . It also is very inaccurate and may lose up to 15 minutes a day . I would not recommend this watch .
 Watch showed up in unbroken package . NIB condition shipped direct from Amazon . When opened Watch appeared to be in excellent condition . Watch set up , and found to be defective . Second hand would stick in position at `` 3 '' with crown secured . With crown unsecured , second hand would make full sweep with slight hesitation around `` 3 '' position.I had read and seen positive reviews on this model , and decided to purchase . Let down . The overall quality of the watch appeared to be very good , less the defective movement . I have just purchased the 9927c model as a replacement , as I was happy with the construction of this model . Hopefully the Swiss movement does not fail to perform like this Japanese counterpart.e
 This watch broke in a week . Started losing time and then quit . Returning and trying again based on other reviews .
 I bought two of these Invicta watches , one for me and one for my little brother.The only problem I had with my watch was the bracelet broke off -- but I was able to get it replaced . I 've worn the watch ever since I got it , with minor time variances.HOWEVER , my little brother 's watch did not work well from the start . At first , it was just off by a few minutes , which soon turned into hours . After a couple weeks , the winding mechanism began making grinding sounds when winding . Soon , the interior of the watch , under the glass began to condense with moisture and made it unreadable for periods of the day . In the end , this watch is sitting in the back of a drawer dead . We took the watch to a watch repair , and they were charging more than the cost of the watch to replace ... and truthfully , I do n't think I would by another one -LRB- even with the luck with mine -RRB- .
 I received this watch in record time . Pleased with that service . Watch did not run out of the box . Second hand hanging up between 5 and 6 o'clock . Thump and it would move on for a few rounds and hang up again . Sent to Invicta Service Center in Hollywood , FL along with money order for $ 25.00 . Sent UPS so I could track . They delivered on Monday the 22nd of August . Heard nothing from the Center . Called on August 31st , spoke with someone , with very broken english , and he informed me that the watch had to be sent to the factory , and would be returned within 90 days . So , I am not happy with the product or their service . Will post again , if and when the watch is returned .
 In early December I left a rather glowing review , in which I rated the 8926 at five stars . Because of the beauty of the watch and outside construction , I was still going to rate it two stars , but I 'm so disappointed with Invicta 's warranty policy that I can only give one.Well , my erstwhile trustworthy 8926 stopped tonight -LRB- January 22 -RRB- at 9:01 p.m. . The second hand froze at almost exactly 30 seconds , and manually winding it does n't help . In fact , if I wind it manually , the second hand will vary between 29 and 31 seconds , depending on in which direction gravity is pulling it . The nice thing about the clear back is that it shows me the automatic movement is n't working at all . When I move it around to try to see if that would restart it , the rotor seems to be swinging a little * too * freely . Right now I have it rotating in a watch winder , which is n't helping either.So now I have to pay to send it in to Invicta , plus include a check for $ 15 for them to ship it back ? Bleh ! I 'm just going to write off the $ 70 and buy a different brand , maybe the Bulova Marine Star -LRB- the imitation of the Omega Seamaster -RRB- . It 's too bad , Invicta , because you made a really beautiful watch here , and it 's solidly constructed -- at least on the outside.Maybe I jinxed myself , telling a friend last night how it 's a great watch . I was thinking to surprise him with one for his birthday , but now ... Original review follows now ... I was browsing Amazon for gift ideas when I came across the Invicta 8926 and felt strangely attracted to it . After initially deciding I had enough watches -LRB- can a man truly say that anyway ? -RRB- , I woke up one morning and placed the order . Now that I 've had it for a week , how I regret not discovering it a year ago . It 's a better value , and pleases me so much more , than a dressier Kenneth Cole I bought that was discounted down to about the same price . The Invicta 8926 is a watch that can complement just about any outfit , casual or dressy , short of a tuxedo.I would have given this four stars because of a few complaints , but I really have to give FIVE because of the price . A week later , I 'm still blown away by the look , the feel , and that I paid only $ 69.99 ! To top off the wonderful buying experience , I ordered it on Sunday , and the `` Free super saver shipping '' got it to me on Thursday . Superb , Amazon.So far it 's been accurate to within several seconds a day , but I want to be more accurate and start keeping a daily log of gains/losses and my level of activity that day . Maybe I 've just been luckier to get one with a better factory-tuned regulator , or that I typically wear the watch for 12 hours and then let it sit for 12 . Some have rightfully pointed out that the product description merely gives the movement as `` automatic , '' and that Amazon should be more specific that it 's Japanese . However , I figured that at this price , I certainly would n't be getting Swiss . Nowadays there 's not a lot of difference , anyway , not unless you want an exceptionally accurate automatic that will cost far more than $ 70 - $ 100 . Fit and finish are excellent , even when compared to more expensive watches . The cover for where the bracelet meets the case could be better aligned with the lugs
 I opened the box and said , `` Wow '' this is a beautiful watch . Too beautiful to wear actually . Finally after several months passed I put it on my wrist , gave it the intial wind up to get going and took a four mile walk , gently swinging my arms as I walked . The watch second hand stopped about every fifteen minutes and I had to shake it to get it going again . Despite walking four miles it failed to wind the spring automatically and would only run for a minute or two tops before it stopped.Now I have to mail it to Invicta with a twenty five dollar check for return postage and handling plus the cost of mailing it to them!Maybe , I just had a lemon but I urge you to wear it the day you get it to use the Amazon warranty and keep in mind that Beauty is only skin deep even if it 's stainless steel ! The one star is for being beautiful.Updated 12/07/07I mailed the watch to Invicta for repair and waited almost twelve weeks for it to be returned . After the first seven weeks I called Invicta to check on the repair status . They said it had to be mailed overseas for repairs and would take longer before it was returned to me.Yes , I now have the watch and it actually works . I purchased an auto watch winder and have left it on the autowinder since I received it . It has been running just fine and keeps accurate time.I will now wear it on my wrist and see if it holds up to daily use . The moral of the story is that while the watch is beautiful it is in reality just costume jewelery and not a serious time piece.I have increased the rating to THREE STARS but be prepared to be dissapointed if you want a serious time piece.Updated 12/21/07Well , I have worn the Invicta on my wrist daily for two weeks and it has kept very accurate time and there have been no problems . This is my conclusion . I love the appearance of the watch and the price was very affordable . I now agree with all the reviews that rave about the watch . You may be one of the lucky ones and get an Invicta that works right out of the box . I blame myself for not wearing it during the 30 day return period intially.I can now raise to rating to FOUR STARS for satisfaction and value but only if you are one of the lucky ones not to be shipped a lemon watch , even then the stellar Amazon service will exchange it during the 30 day exchange window .3 / 1/08 Well its back to one star for a rating . The auto = wind appears to be on the blitz . If I wear it all day it stops within an hour of taking it off my wrist , even on the automatic watch winder it will not keep running because the rotation is too gentle . What can I say , it is a beautiful watch but is really just costume jewerly . I have a seiko `` black monster '' dive watch now that is perfect in every regard.7-6-08 While the watch has been collecting dust in the draw I am still drawn to the beauty of the time peice . I now wear it again but must manually wind it up twice a day to keep it going . I am truly amazed at all the positive reviews that always start out this watch appears to be much more expensive than what I paid for it . I suspect the vast majority of those people are too embarrased to edit their glowing reviews to simply say that their watches have stopped working after a few months . These Invicta watches are all flash and no substance . Be warned , spend a few more bucks and get a Citizen or Seiko dive watch for a truly quality watch that will give years of service and uncompromized customer satisfaction . Everytime an Invicta automatic dive watch is sold an unhappy customer will be the result in a few months . You have been warned !!
 1/5/12 - it broke on me on a trip to greece . it just lost time and stopped working . no more invictas for me.Granted I just received this watch 2 days ago but it 's working very well so far . I have n't measured whether it lost or gained any minutes but it seems to be keeping time well so far.It looks nicer than the picture on the amazon website ... i really like the back with the mineral crystal so i can see the ticking on the back.Only thing is that there is no hacking feature - meaning the seconds hand does n't stop when you want to synchronize your watch with a another source.This watch is also kinda big ... well kind of big on me . . i 'm 5.3 and 140 lbs ... but i like this watch too much to return it ... The other thing is that the magnifier does n't really magnify ... the date looks the same over the magnifier or if you tilt it slightly to see the date without the magnification ... but at 85 bux what the hey ... automatic watch with japanese movement ... i think is a steal . . also if you want this watch but can wait . . . you can check the amazon site from time to time because I 've seen this for just $ 64.99 ... but too late I had ordered it at 85 and Amazon said they could n't give me a price adjustment because that was a one day sale ... but still so far great watch .
 After looked others reviews , I decided to order one . Very disappointed with this watch because I have to adjust it every week . Plus or minus 3 to 5 minutes each time . My son drew one for himself and said his is better than mine because it 's accurate twice a day at least .
 who needs to shell out 5 grand for a Rolex Submariner with this baby ... The best !!!
 STAY AWAY FROM THESE WATCHES , and this company ! Yes , their watches are cheap , but that is because they are shoddy ! Invicta makes poor-quality watches , and their customer service is absolutely atrocious ! My watch , that is supposedly water resistant , stopped working in normal humid weather . I never wore it swimming or in water . The customer service department is very difficult to deal with , and mystery charges appear for things that should be covered by the warranty -LRB- $ 28 flat-rate shipping , except internationally , which is $ 75 , etc -RRB- . I was asked to give private credit card information over a normal email , which is unprofessional and unsafe . Please , do n't make the same mistake I did , and think twice before buying one of their products .
 it stops working right as the Amazon return period expiresno one takes resposnibilityInvicta demands $ 25 plus postage both ways to even look at itGood luck funding someone to talk to
 Invicta Men 's Pro Diver Collection Automatic Watch # 8926 : I purchased this watch in November 2007 , only 3 months ago . Shortly after purchase it started losing time . Then the stem to wind the watch/change the time malfunctioned and only occasionally works when turned counterclockwise . Also the date can not be changed . And to top it off I no longer have my receipt ; my fault , I know , so can not return this defective piece . I will not buy anything but books or music from Amazon from now on . I highly recommend anyone really think hard before purchasing this watch . And if you do , please make sure to hang on to all receipts and other paperwork .
 I agree with most of the reviewers that it 's a beautiful piece . It could be called a beautiful Wrist band rather than a watch . Mine stops every day or every other day and needs a reset every other day . It 's build quality is very good and appointments are beautiful but not the performance . `` Shame on Invicta that it ca n't built a watch in 21st century '' .
 I bought this watch this summmer around $ 90 , after 2 months , it stop working , this is the worst watch I have ever had . I need nearly one third of the watch price to mail the watch to invicta for repairing . so I do n't wan na spend time to do this boring process . I wound never buy invicta watch . cheap price , but unreliable and poor quality watch !
 Invicta likes to pretend they are a `` Swiss '' brand , implying Swiss quality . They are not . In reality , Invicta uses cheap Chinese made parts for its internal movements . Guess how I found out?My watch broke just over a year after buying it -LRB- out of warranty -RRB- . I called several highly reputable watch repair shops in Austin . I found out they ca n't service my watch because they ca n't get the parts FROM CHINA . Save your money . I know I will , by never buying another Invicta watch .
 Looks good ... Feels good ... But ... Alway ahead of time ... Approx . 6 mins . per month
 Get this watch for it 's looks and price , not it 's ability to keep time . Very well built . Looks like a much more expensive watch . Very solid . However , loses time each day and if you take it off for more than 8-10 hours , it will stop running and you will have to reset the date/time . My previous self-winding watch would run for a couple days without wearing it . Major disappointment that this one would n't .
 I received this watch and was pleased with its looks and performance for about eight days . It would not stay wound long enough to keep time after about the eighth day . I sent the watch in to be repaired and Invicta wanted $ 28.00 to have it repaired . I called the company and later learned that they had the purchase date for a older watch that I submitted for repair . I know they must have looked at the copy of the invoice I sent with the new watch because they knew I purchased it from Amazon.com . The billing department asked for another copy of the invoice and it was mailed the next day . I hope they will waive the charge as I think it unfair to have to pay more money for a watch that was obviously faulty to begin with . I will pay more attention to the conditions required for returns in the future .
 I do n't like giving bad reviews , but this is the first item I 've ever returned to Amazon . Within 4 hours of setting this watch for the first time , it was already 3 minutes slow . The first night I slept with it on , I fell asleep around 11:45 . When I woke up at 5 am , the watch had stopped at 12:15 . Extremely stylish , though , and it has a very sturdy case .
 Purchased this watch from Amazon May 10 , 2010 , it did great for 5 months , received a lot of complements . Now it stops running every night , no matter how much I shake it or spin the winding device seen through the glass on the back of the watch.You buy a watch , you expect it to work , now its just an very pretty bracelet that will not keep correct time , stops and runs when it chooses!Not at all happy with Invicta!Bob
 Is $ 85 too good to be true ? Sadly , yes . The pictures look great for this watch , but once you actually inspect it in your hands , it does n't hold up . First off , the `` cyclops '' magnifier on the crystal hardly magnifies at all . I do n't know what the specs are on this , but the date font looks as if it gets enlarged by 15 % tops.The worst part of this watch is the bracelet . Again , it looks pretty in the pictures , but it feels tinny , light , and cheap once you feel it in your hands.Basically , this watch is worth $ 85 , and if that 's what you were looking for , that 's great . I was expecting something more Rolex-like -- a heavier weight and more functional date magnifier . If you 're looking to get a better value , I 'd check out the Seiko monster .
 I purchased an Men 's model 0083 watch . It is rated for water resistance to 100 meters . After wearing in a swimming pool the watched leaked and the crystal became cloudy . The watch was covered by Invicta warranty . However , to get warranty coverage , I had to pay postage to invicta plus pay return postage of $ 28.00 . Invicta had my watch for a full three months . When I finally got the watch back , it worked fine , as it had when I sent it in . after just over a month I again wore the watch in a swimming pool and it leaked exactly as it had before I sent it in . I contacted Invicta and was told I would need to again pay to ship the watch plus pay another $ 28.00 . for return shipping and they would again need 3 months to repair . I do n't believe that my watch was ever repaired or even looked at . Had they done even a basic test they would have found that the watch leaked . In my opinion Invicta 's customer service and warranty are only an advertising gimick . I feel that they have no intention of standing behind their products .
 Follow-up to my earlier review : I 've owned the Invicta for 2 years , now . The winding stem screws snug to the body to provide the water-resistant seal . But the threads strip over time . Last year , I sent the watch in to Invicta for repair . With postage , I think it was ca $ 30 , but I ca n't remember . But , now , less than a year later , the threads are stripped again and I ca n't tighten the stem to the body , which means that the alleged `` dive '' watch is not water-resistant . This is an automatic watch , so daily , or every-other-day winding should be expected . I guess , for under $ 100 , what can you expect ? But the soft metal obviously used in a critical function of the watch shows that Invicta does n't expect this watch to last . In fairness , the movement still works and the watch still keeps good time . But it 's supposed to be a `` diver 's watch '' ; I will not buy another.Original review : What a beautiful watch ! I already own a couple of much higher-priced , very nice watches . One , an Oris BC3 , is water resistant to 50 meters . But I wanted a watch nice enough for a night out that could take a trip to the bottom of a pool and come back unscathed . I read the reviews and looked at the pictures . At $ 99 on Amazon , the price was right . As the reviewers have said , this watch is much prettier in person than in the picture and the picture does n't look bad . For about 1/50th the price of a Submariner , you can buy a solid automatic with a similar look , the same features and , as far as I can tell after a month , an excellent movement . It is a hair fast -- maybe 30 seconds every couple of days , but my regulated Oris deviates by about the same amount in the other direction , so that 's par for the course for an automatic movement.The lack of a ` hacking ' movement means the second hand does n't stop while you 're setting it , but , again , it 's not a chronometer.The strap is easy to adjust . I had a shop remove a couple links , but fine adjustment -LRB- about a link 's worth -RRB- you easily do yourself moving the spring pin back and forwards on the clasp . Very convenient.The 2 common criticisms with this watch are the illuminated dial and the date ` cyclops ' -LRB- magnifier -RRB- . I find the dial to be easily read at night with a minute or two of exposure to bright light before dark . It fades over time , but it 's readable . Not a Seiko , but not bad . The date is easy enough to read with the cyclops . Again , not as magnified as the Rolex , but close enough . Again , it 's quite functional . It has a mineral face , not sapphire , but it 's resisted easy scratching . The strap is solid , attractive and comfortable.I was surprised at what a great watch one can get for a hundred bucks . I wear it now more often than the Oris .
 I totally love this Submariner design watch , it has a great `` clunky '' band and looks fantastic but . . I bought my first one about eight years ago . I did n'tknow how to wind it manually , so I `` flung it '' aroundlike they describe , big mistake , I 'm sure that eventuallybroke something inside of it.So I bought another one . The band was slightly lesser quality.And you could tell they cut a little corner here and there.But it still looked pretty nice.This time I finally figured out how to wind it manuallyand very carefully unscrewed the crown each day , wound itabout 10 winds and very carefully screwed the crownback in . But , even being very careful , the metal theymade the threads out of must have been kind of lowerquality , and eventually the threads where unusable : - \ No , I did n't cross thread it . You could n't screw the crown inall the way , so at any time of the day the crown would `` pop-out '' and the hands would stop working , so that was pretty muchthe end of that one.I cant 's speak for their very latest one , but justfigure out how to wind it manually , and just bevery careful about screwing the crown back in , and maybe it ` lllast a good while for you .
 Got this watch last week WELL . . this is has a power reserve of like what ? 12hrs ? Because I am sure if I did not wear this watch for just 1 day the watch would stop . That really gets on my nerves . And I did not know that this watch is using a Japanese Movement as amazon did not state that down . What can I say for the price what would I expect ? Swiss movement . . wishful thinking I guess .
 On the second day of wearing while doing the dishes we saw the face clouded up do to moisture inside . Then that evening after exiting the shower not 1 but 2 pins and a link fell to the floor . We then could n't get it back together .
 I bought 3 of these watches in 2009 as gifts . Two of them stopped working within one year and the other one is not accurate from the begining . I did not know if friends did not tell me . I wil never buy this brand again .
 A friend of mine wanted to get one of these watches and through talking about it 3 of us bought these watches all at once . In less than 3 months 2 of them have stopped working . Mine has stopped all together , and another one has the second hand slipping . These are under warranty but the warranty requires you to pay to ship it their , and include a $ 28 money order to pay for return shipping . I am not willing to pay $ 40 to fix a $ 75 watch that appears likely to break again.As someone who enjoys internet shopping this is the first item that has made me angry enough to write a bad review .
 The clasp on the watchband broke after about 3 months and it was cheaper to fix it locally than send it back . I should have just thrown it away while I was ahead . Now after a year , the mainspring has broken . I would look for something different .
 I purchased this Invicta 8926 as a `` present '' to myself , mainly to use on trips abroad . I 've owned a Rolex Submariner for many years , but sometimes feel uncomfortable wearing the Rolex abroad . The Invicta was very attractive , and appeared to be well made . However , within a few days it was gaining two or three minutes a day . Within three weeks , it began to gain six or seven minutes an HOUR ! I returned it to Amazon . Conclusion
 It arrived in new packaging , but the watch had scratches all over the metal band and the crystal was also scratched . I am very disappointed that this item did not mention it was refurbished or used previously . Beware of this when deciding to buy.Amazon did provide a refund for the item and even paid the return shipping , but it was an unneccessary ordeal that could have been prevented if the description was honest .
 I ordered this watch as a Christmas gift for my husband . By mid-January , it stopped working . Invicta said the warranty would cover the repairs but that the watch had to be sent overseas so we had to ship it to Invicta with a check for $ 30 to cover shipping costs . When Invicta received the watch , they said it would be JULY 15 before it was returned -- some 5 months after it was sent . July 15 has now come and gone ; still no watch . In fact , customer service has failed to respond to multiple emails since July 1 requesting the status of the watch . This has to be the WORST product and service I have ever encountered . I would never recommend an Invicta product to anyone . BUYER BEWARE !
 This watch was purchased by my wife as a Christmas Gift for me . Initially I found the watch to be very nice , but within 6 months this watch has stopped . A close inspection shows that there is moisture in the watch case . So when I retreived my watch box and started digging through the warranty I found that in order to get the watch repaired I would need to send it to them and enclose a check for $ 25.00 . I found that this isnt ' t what you would expect from a professional watch maker.Now you really would ` nt think that a watch that is supposed to be a diver waterproof watch should have moisture in the case by wearing it in a 3ft swimming pool . This automatically leads me to beleive that the quality control of this company must be pretty bad if they do n't think that they can afford to pay for the repair of what they ship out . So I am now back with my old Casio which cost less than the amount Invicta wants to try to fix my watch . I 'm a firm beleiver if you ca n't stand by your product 100 % then your in the wrong business . If you plan on purchasing this product you may want to trya Casio or a Timex because this watch wo n't take a lickin .
 To keep it simple , this is a GREAT looking watch but if it breaks , good luck !! My husband wore this watch for less than 5 months and it broke . As another reviewer also stated , a regular watch repair shop was not able to fix it . We ended up having to pay $ 52 in shipping to get the repair done that was covered under warranty !! The watch had to be shipped by us to a US location . Once they received it they contacted us to say the repairs were covered but we had to pay the shipping and it needed to be fixed overseas :-LRB- so much for a warranty :-LRB- be cautious in purchasing this item .
 Purchased this watch in July of this year , only really bringing it out for special occasions where a nicer looking watch then my standard digital one is preferred -LRB- probably only like 6 days of actual use -RRB- . During my latest excursion out , the link connecting the wrist links and the watch popped open on the top side while i was walking and the watch flew off my wrist and into the ground . The face panel completely shattered and checking the warranty they will not cover it , as they consider the damages wear and tear despite the damages being a result of a wrist band issue . Not going to go into the fact that it costs 20 + dollars just to send it in to get it checked out.Looks nice for the price but honestly I would suggest spending a little more and get a better brand with a better warranty clause .
 I purchased this watch and it is my third Invicta watch , I was looking forward to the same kind of quality as my other watches . This is by far my worst purchase , I have had this watch for less than a week and it continues to stop , it keeps terrible time and I am going to return it and probably not purchase any more Invicta watches , at least the automatic ones . Very disappointed in Massachusetts
 Took this 660 ' water resistant watch down 35 ' and came up to a fogged lens filled with condensation . The watch looks good , has a good weight but fails miserably to even come close to its claims . Spend the cash and get a watch worth your while .
 Got this Invicta Grand Diver watch for my Birthday a month ago and has been nothing but trouble . It 's supposed to be a self winding watch but it stops all the time and loses 5 to 10 minutes a day . Talked to WORLD of WATCHES where I bought it From and they told me to Call Invicta in Hollywood FL . I talked to them and they told me it would be $ 28 to ship it back to them . I believe this is nothing but a scam . I think they sell watches that have been returned and then repackaged . They then make an additional $ 28 each time the watch is shipped back . So my word of Warnig if you intend to purchase an Invicta Watch from INVICTA or WORLD OF WATCHES is BUYER BEWARE
 I recieved an Invicta watch last year in October . In July of this year it stopped working properly , sent it to Hollywood , FL -LRB- about an hour away from me -RRB- . Today I called -LRB- 9-22-2011 -RRB- and it was sent overseas and will not be back til November ???? I never want another Invicta watch , lousy customer service . I think since it was still under warranty they simply should have sent me a new watch ... or maybe a loaner ??? Shame on you Invicta ... never again .
 I figured out how Invicta can sell this automatic watch so cheaply - they can double their money with repairs . My automatic lasted 10 months when the band fell apart . I had to send a $ 28 money order with the watch even though it was under warranty . I was then told I had to send another $ 18 for a `` replacement '' band . Invicta sent my watch back with the old band . Their repair lasted 24 days when it fell apart again . Now Invicta wants another $ 30 for a `` replacement '' band . Invicta has doubled their money ! I am filing a claim with the CA Department of Consumer Affairs .
 Band broke and came apart in less then one week.The movement looks good but was disappointed with the band breaking.Very disappointed .
 I purchased this watch for my husband about 2 years ago , mainly based on the rave reviews -LRB- like one person who liked it better than his Rolex ! -RRB- . It worked fine for a couple of years , until the stem broke off . It would have cost more to repair than to buy another , so I bought the same model as a 2012 Xmas gift . Late in January , my husband noticed water in the watch -LRB- remember - it 's a diver 's watch ! -RRB- , and wondered what had happened . Yep - the stem broke off again . DO NOT BUY THIS WATCH ! You may get lucky , but why take a chance?Invicta Men 's 8926 Pro Diver Collection Automatic Watch
 Purchased the 8926 divers watch based on positive reviews , and not having to worry about replacement battery causing watch to leak . I wore it the first day while swimming and it immediately fogged up under the crystal , which is not what I expected from a diver watch rated at 200 meters . Sending back ...
 I bought this watch 6 months ago and decided to take it into the pool . The watch got water inside the face . I was dissapointed because it is a divers watch . I called invicta for warranty service . Invicta requires a check for $ 28.00 so they can ship it overseas for repair . I only paid $ 100.00 from amazon . So I have to pay 33 pct of the purchase price so they can ship it to be repaired under warranty .
 I bought automatic 8926 model watch in march 07 . In may it stopped working . I thought it may need keying . I did it and it started . It worked for another 2 days and stopped again . I was wearing the watch all the time . At this time I thought I should return the watch . I tapped on the dial and it started working again . I am tired of doing that . I can not trust the time given by this watch . I would suggest to go and buy Timex . Do not spent a penny on this . It is just big name with no quality .
 This is a cheap watch . . you get what you for . YMMV but mine stops every day or every other day and I to reset the time to get it going again . It 's build quality is very good and appointments are beautiful . It 's a shame the operational performance is not as good .
 first one movement died , second one band broke , jeweler could n't fix it.looks good but it does n't work.i should 've listen to other people . the exact thing happened to me.a hassle to send them back and money to pay for band adjustments , i 'd purchase both many different models for men and women from invicta.they are all disappointments.but bearing a Swiss designed.japen movement.i 'm sacrificing my time writing this so you do n't have to waist you time .
 I had read a lot of positive reviews for the Invicta , and with the price being so reasonable decided on giving it a try . Well after owning it for two months I can say without any hesitation that `` you get what you pay for '' . In this case , I got a watch with an automatic movement that was poorly put together with sub par materials in a mass produced factory that resulted in the watch stopping to work after just two months . I would rather pay a little more and get the Seiko SKX007J .
 I was excited when my watch arrived . However when I opened the case I discovered the hands must had fallen off in transit . If the hands ca n't last in a protective box , then how long will they last on my wrist ? I have read other peoples reviews where the hands have fallen off in a few days or months . I have a work colleague who has one and it seems fine . I guess Invicta must have a build quality issue ... some are good , others not so good.I sent the box back and Amazon refunded my money ... now the search continues for another watch , but not an Invicta !
 I ordered this watch as an everyday watch . I only got it wet while washing dishes or a couple of times in the shower . Within 3 weeks , there was moisture under the crystal that fogged it over . This is definitely not a `` Diver 's watch '' . It never went under water more than 6 '' and was supposed to be rated down to 200 meters . It is a piece of junk . I returned it to Amazon for a refund .
 On January 4 ,2011 I bought a new Invicta Men 's 8926 Pro Diver Collection Automatic Watch for $ 82.54 pl S&H . I had trouble setting the watch the first day but finally got it done . Two days later the watch displayed the wrong date so I reset it.All was well for about a week and then the watch lost three hours in one day . I reset it again and all went well till last week and then the date was off over an hour in one day and the watch lost 81/2 hours in 24 hours . I 'm still trying to find out who and how to contact someone to get the watch replaced .
 The first 4 months I had this watch , I would have given it 5 stars . It looked great , had a nice heavy feel and worked pretty well -LRB- I did have to adjust the time once a week or so -RRB- . However , about 4.5 months into the purchase , the screw-down crown Became stripped , and the watch was no longer water tight . I feel the reason it stripped was due to poor quality and because I had to adjust the time so often . While it is still on warranty , the customer service horror stories in these reviews , and cost of shipping back and forth , make me believe i would be better if I just write the $ 73 I spent off as a learning experience.Another problem that showed up as the watch aged -LRB- yes , 4-whole months -RRB- , was that the band was easily scratched . The beautiful mirror finish on the center of the links was quickly marred by scratches that were quite noticeable . This would not happen on higher quality stainless steel.So I will never buy another Invicta again , and I will not recommend them to anyone else . I recently purchased a very similar looking watch -LRB- Orient Men 's 2ER00002D Automatic Diver Stainless Steel Watch -RRB- From Amazon , and the automatic function is much better . I have not had to adjust it in the 3-months I 've has it ! While the Orient watch is not as heavy as the Invicta ... It works . And it works well . Get an Orient is you want a Rolex Homage watch that wo n't break in a few months .
 I had this watch a little over 2 days and I already am having problems with the screw down crown -LRB- wo n't screw down -RRB- which kind ruins water resistance , case itself seems solid watch is fairly accurate . I only have one other invicta I am starting to question their quality thankfully I only paid 60 $ I do n't really expect the same quality or accuracy as a more expensive watch but I do n't expect things to start start acting up this early , checked the warranty , 25 $ shipping and handling , hardly worth repairing , oh well lesson learned .
 Within two weeks , a pin in the watch band came apart . It took 5 attempts to reach someone in customer service . I waited 4 weeks and was shipped the wrong part . I contacted the company again and was told to mail the watch to the company -LRB- at my expense -RRB- and , despite the watch being under warranty , I was to send the company a $ 20 money order to cover shipping and handling for the return of the watch once it was repaired . So what did I buy ? A defective watch that they 'll gladly repair under warranty at MY expense -LRB- I 'm guessing the pin costs 50 cents , but they would n't send it to me and it is n't the type normally found on most watch bands or I 'd replace it myself -RRB- . I think I 'll pass and write this one off to bad judgment.In addition , the watch stops if not worn for a day.Oh well , I guess one only can expect to get what one pays for . I should have played it safe and bought a higher quality watch for a bit more money . Live and learn .
 After 6 weeks this watch started to malfunction . Called Invicta to inquire about the warranty to learn that a check for $ 35.00 must accompany the watch to obtain service . Ridiculous to pay such an amount on a $ 99.00 watch after 6 weeks . I shipped it back to Amazon and while I was penalized 20 % for a return made after 30 days of purchase I am happy to be rid of it . I would not purchase this brand .
 we were very disappointed by this watch . It stopped working almost imediatly . and went to repair atleast 2 more times .
 Great looking watch , no doubt . But , I ca n't get use to having to set the date and time each time I put it on . I can wear the watch all day , take it off when I go to bed , get up in the morning and the watch always seems to quit running before the date change at midnight . Bought an automatic winder which did n't help . I still have to set the time each morning when I put the watch on . I definitely wish I would have bought the quartz model or maybe a different watch.UPDATE !!! Now January 2012 , less than a year after purchase the watch quit working properly . The second hand stops whenever it reaches the date and does not start up unless the watch is shaken . Definitely would not recommend this watch . Cost too much to send for repairs compared to the original price so , I now have a nice looking paperweight .
 I own more watches than I need , but I 'm always in the market for another . Saw and guy wearing one of these and I said I thought that was a nice looking watch . He said , thanks , it 's an Invicta . So I started looking at this brand . Holy cow , an automatic watch for $ 100 ? I 'm in.This is a handsome watch . It 's got a bold design and I like its heavy , masculine steel band . Looks good on my wrist.But on closer inspection , it 's got about the same fit and finish as a fake , Tijuana Rolex . The machining is clumsy . For example , it 's got a screw-down crown -LRB- good -RRB- , but the knob is rough , the tension spring is too stiff , and you have to futz with it to make the threads match up when screwing it down . The clasp is thin stamped metal , and again , you need to futz with it to get it to line up before it will snap shut.I 'm not comparing this to real Rolexes or Omegas . Never owned one of those . I 'm comparing it to watches in its list price range ; Seikos and Wengers and Citizens . A $ 150 Seiko has far better quality than this Invicta.I 'm going to keep this and put it in the rotation . I 'll wear it to work periodically . But if I was looking for a daily driver , this would n't be it . You can get the same quality for less , or a much better watch for not much more . For such a cheap watch , $ 100 is actually pretty expensive .
 I bought this watch for its look and price . Overall , I had been very happy with the look and feel of it for the value . However after just 6 weeks , I have several concerns . First , the clasp on the watch broke without any significant impact . What 's frustrating is that I wo n't send it back because the warranty requires additional shipping and handling charges for this defective part . Another concern is that the watch does run fast -LRB- about 5 minutes per week or two -RRB- . I have had to reset it frequently and can not use it for work because it is not consistently accurate . Lastly , you must wear it daily or the watch will stop fairly quickly . Overall , it has not lived up to what I expected and I am very dissappointed in the warranty coverage . Any product that is broken this quickly should be fixed without charge or hassle .
 Eagerly purchased to 8926 for only $ 95.00 . It looks and feels like a much more expensive watch . It runs pretty fast , about 3 or 4 minutes a week . After wearing it for only six weeks , a link in the band keeps popping out . Invicta wants over 20 % of the purchase price for shipping even though its only a few bucks via UPS . You truly get what you pay for .
 I agree with all the others who say the watch looks nice . I like the heft to it too and love that mechanical watch half second step . Its too bad the watch is slow by 2 minutes a day . Its at least consistent in its 2 min loss . I 'll never buy another Invicta again though .
 Item not as described the watch does not have the Miyota movement which can be hand wound . . I would not have bough it If I knew .
 The watch was supposed to be automatic , and only runs for 30 minutes , even when you are wearing it and shaking your hand constantly , simply does not work . I dont feel like sending the watch back , because the waranty applies only if you sent $ 25 -LRB- I dont want to loose aditional $ 25 -RRB- . I believe this watches are made in China using cheap materials . Strongly DO N0T RECOMMEND IT
 The 8926 Invicta Dive watch is very cheap . The watch is made is very soft metal , the links rub against each other and scratch itself . I have had this watch for 2 days already has many scratches on it . The only usage was a drive to the mall and one day at work where I sit behind a desk . I would tell you to choose anything other than INVICTA watches.Since I have had this watch sized by a professional watch store , I can not return this item . Thanks for a cheap watch Amazon . Next time I 'll go to the mall and buy direct .
 The watch comes beautifully packaged and seems to be well-made . The problem is , there is a trademark engraved on the side that is not pictured above with the `` Invicta '' logo . That engraving cheapens the whole look in my opinion . The logos on the watch face are enough and that is where they belong . The engraved logo on the side is huge and ruins the look .
 The price is good , however , it does not run accurately . It runs about 5 minutes faster in one week .
 The only thing worse than this watch was the customer service I received . I sent in the watch for repair when it stopped telling the correct time . The watch was returned to me , but it still could n't keep time . Also , the company 's Web site made it impossible to track the status of my repair . When I finally did a company rep on the phone , she sounded as if she had just woken from a coma . I wrote the company a letter explaining my troubles , I received no reply . This is one of the worst outfits I 've ever dealt with . And the watch still does n't work .
 I bought one due to the attractive appearance and price . When it arrived the watch would not run more than 10 minutes . Due to circumstances beyond my control I was unable to return the watch within 30 days to Amazon . I returned the watch to Invicta -LRB- w / $ 20.00 check -RRB- for repair . It has been 2 months to this point and still have not gotten it back . Numerous phone calls to the `` service center '' have produced numerous answers to why my watch has not been returned . I find it hard to believe a company charges a customer $ 20.00 for `` shipping '' of a product that would cost $ 5.00 to send in the mail . I smell a rat . Why should you have to pay for repairs on a defective product from the factory ? Invicta 's customer service is anything but service . Save yourself time and headaches and find another brand . Also , for the comments previously made about the bracelt pins , those things are so flimsy you have to replace them with stronger pins after having the watch sized . It 's mo wonder they cost so little . I guess you get what you pay for . Buyer beware .
 I 've had this watch for 1.5 years . the stem and crown came out while I was setting the time . so much for invicta quality !
 I purchased this watch from Amazon in October 2006 . I was really impressed at first with the look of the watch and impressive packaging ! The watch looked great . Only problem was the watch was consistently slow by about 5 minutes . This required resetting the time every 3 weeks or so . A pin in the ban failed and I had to have it replaced in year 1 . Then , after owning the watch for 2 years , it died on me . Dead . This ultimate fate of my Invicta was the garbage can in 2008 . Maybe some archeologist 1000 years from now that finds it can get it to work .
 WOW ! This thing is really Good Looking . Solid feel . Only one problem , after 3 hours and 20 minutes it flat out stopped ! All the king 's horses and all the king 's men could n't get the watch started again . To top it off I returned it to Amazon and they did n't even issue a full refund . I did n't put the link back in the band , although I did return it with the watch . I figured that being as it was defective they could n't resell it anyway . What difference could it make ? About $ 4.50 as it turns out . Makes me totally rethink buying anything other than media from Amazon .
 I ca n't bear to adjust it every a few days . Is my watch the only one has this issue ? This is the most inaccurate watch I 've ever used .
 I 'd have to rate their quality control poor to bad . Mine came and after I wound it up ran for 5 minutes and quit . The second hand stuck at about the 20 minute mark and that was it . No amount of winding , shaking gently would unstick it , so back it went.Oh yeah about the pins , before I wore it I took it to a jeweler to size it and they bent one of the pins getting it out and back in . They appear to be too light gauge wire for the job.Anyway , back it went and since it was DOA , the return was not an issue . But I wo n't be buying another invicta anything .
 This sure would be a five star watch for me except for my problems with the crystal . Now , I 'm the sort of fellow who is a wee bit hard on his stuff , which is a big part of why I chose to buy this Invicta instead of a more expensive watch . This is why I like diver 's watches , because they 're durable . But within 2 weeks of buying the watch I hit it against a door frame as I was walking through it and put a nice ding in the crystal at 12 o'clock , big enough so that air could pass through to the watch face.Being impatient by nature , I thought it would be worth $ 30 to $ 40 to have the watch fixed rather than deal with the hassle and time of using the warranty . My local watch repair shop got the part Fed-Ex 'd from Invicta overnight , and it was indeed worth the cost ... for about 2 weeks , when I did exactly the same thing , this time putting a very-small-but-noticeable-to-me nick in the magnifying glass date window.Now , I know I 'm making myself sound like some sort of goofy klutz who breaks things , but I 'm really not . I carried an automatic Citizen for years on my wrist , which I was trying to replace with this , and banged it just like I describe above many , many times with no adverse event.I do love the way it looks and feels , but I do n't think I would buy this watch again , as it has not been a hassle free experience .
 Do n't buy this product . about one week after i bought this watch , I was trying to adjust the time , the adjusting pin came out , which I could never fix . Why should it be so fragile when i paid $ 100 ? the look was good though
 It is very small so that fat men like me is not going to be good , is going to be very small like a woman 's watch .
 This watch was extremely disappointing . The packaging was fantastic . Sad to say that if the best part of a product is the packaging . The watch was not heavy . The band felt cheap and thin . The buttons on the side were locked and would not press in . The main button to pull out to adjust the time was frozen in place . For the price , I suppose I got what I paid for . While I was trying to figure out the buttons , one came unscrewed and fell out . I could not get it to go back in place either . This has to be the cheapest watch I 've ever encountered . I 've seen fake watches on the street that operated and felt better than this one . Save your time and money and do not buy products from this company . I will never purchase another Invicta Watch of any kind ever again . Purchased a nice Seiko once I returned this junky watch .
 First of all I would like to mention that the Invicta brand , that exists and produces watches nowadays , has nothing to do with the Swiss company that bears the same name , but went into bankruptcy a few decades ago.The actual Invicta company is an american one and has bought the rights to use this name.The mechanisms are Swiss made or made in Japan.About the ones made in Switzerland I can not post an opinion.This particular model -LRB- 9211 -RRB- , which I purchased this year , has a japanese mechanism -LRB- Made by Myota I think -RRB- . Every 24 hours it loses some precious seconds , so , after a few days it becomes a matter of minutes.In conclusion it has a problem with precision , beeing unable to keep time with accuracy.I would advise anyone who wants to buy this watch to think twice.Of course the discount price is attractive but the watch does n't meet it 's expectasions ; I consider that a `` minimum '' dose of accuracy is required.The only good aspect about this watch is it 's appearance.Learn from other 's mistakes ...
 Shame on me ... I should have known that you get what you pay for . I tried to set the date , the time and nothing worked . The stem did not have 2 detents , just one . It was impossible to set the time and date . I guess it must be me ... I 'm an idiot . I sent it back ...
 Product arrived in a small box , when i opened it , the band was not connected to the watch so i had to fix it myself , and the watch was really light from what it really looks like . I thought it was n't worth the money , so i returned it .
 This watch looks good but the movement is terrible . I got this watch as a Christmas gift but the 24 hour register was synchronized to the hour hand . I must warn you , if you purchase this watch then do n't be suprised if it does n't work right . It may look like a Rolex but it does n't work like one .
 con mucha rabia ya que envien un correo electronico al fabricante invicta ya que el relos se le partio el cristal siendo que es un reloj para una persona activa joven debe ser mas resistente y no recibi ninguna respuestas de ellos gracis ya que se que amazon es bastante serioreally angry , and they send an email to the manufacturer Morelos unbeaten since he broke the glassthank you
 The product is not as good as the pictures . They make it sound a great deal by showing the original price as 388 odd dollars . The fact is i would not pay more than $ 40.00 ... Pros . . PackageCons . . Everything else is a joke . .
 I 've on this for two months now.PRO
 The Amazon description of the movement was wrong , and all this time later is still wrong . Beware anyone who wants this watch to be a chronograph . Unlike any quartz movement I know , the large center hand is the seconds hand , while the tiny dial at 6 o'clock contains the chrono second hand . You ca n't time anything that way . Further , the tachymeter can not be used , for obvious reasons.If you want a watch that looks like a chronograph but behaves like a regular watch , then buy this one . But if you want a chronograph , stay away.The description does n't reveal any of this . It actually says it measures time to within 1/60th of a second!Very disappointing . Only got a second star because Amazon took it back and paid return shipping .
 I reviewed this watch when I originally bought it ... sad to say that it broke within a year . The time was wildly off . I do n't think it was worth the money . My original review is as follows : I bought this watch for my younger brother for his birthday.I have to agree with previous posts - this watch is beautiful.It has the right amount of heaviness to it and looks like any other luxury watch in terms of quality.I am sure that there are major differences between how his watch and a Rolex operate , but if you 're simply looking for a beautiful watch , this is it.My brother is quite large - 6 ' 5 '' and 200 lbs - and this watch was a great size .
 This watch appeared to be just what I wanted and glad to receive it . Unfortunately it did n't work so I was very displeased . The `` crown '' which you pull out to set the time and date would not move , so I returned the watch .
 I bought this watch in 2011 but it did not even last a year . Although the watch looked stunning , the internal mechanism was sketchy . The spindle to adjust the dials must have 3 positions as per the manual but it only moves 2 notches . The chrono function is triggered by the first button on top while it is reset by the last button . When you reset the chrono the second hand spins counter clockwise to come back to the home position.Now , if u move frequently between time zones line I do , you have to constantly keep adjusting the times . Here is where all the problems started . When you pull the spindle to set the time the spindle does not latch on to the right postion to set the time . Within 6 months I had the spindle completely disengage from the watch.As for the service , invicta provided an extended 5 year warranty on the watch however , you have to jump a few hoops before you can send the watch in for service . First you need to create a service ticket online on their website . Then you have to mail the watch to them along with a $ 30 handling and return shipping fee . If you have to spend $ 30 on a watch that costed $ 90 within a year , then that does not sound like good deal to begin with . Then they say that you have to wait for a while -LRB- i think like 5 or 6 weeks -RRB- to get back your watch . Even then if they find that some parts are damaged . you will have to pay for those parts . only service would be free.All in all a bad investment . You will be better off with a fossil .
 I must say I was not very pleased with the looks of this one when I opened the box . I instantly thought it was a fake.I 've read a lot of positive reviews on this one and loved the way it looked by the photos I 've seen of it . Apparently I 've only seen old photos of it . . The lovely texture on the dial 's face gives it an expensive look , so based on this , and the positive reviews , I purchased this one from Amazon UK.So I was very disappointed to see how different this one looks in reality , the dial 's face is quite different than how it 's presented in the photos here on Amazon -LRB- both . com and . co.uk -RRB- , if you give it a close look.The dial 's face looks in reality like a plastic sticker has been put on it , and the nice texture is almost not visible . If I finally get the `` right '' lighting on it , so I can barely see the hint of texture on it , it just enchances the `` plastic look '' of the dial ` s face . The rest of the watch , the case and the bracelet , looks and feels solid though , and it definately has some weight to it.I googled a bit to see if this was a fake I have recieved . . What I found is that Invicta apparently made some changes to this watch , as photos I 've seen in other forums of recent date -LRB- from 2011 -RRB- , looks like mine , and that photos earlier than 2010-2011 has the more `` authentic '' / expensive and solid look that I expected.If you look close to it , you 'll see that the new version -LRB- 2011 ? -RRB- has not the very visible texture -LRB- and actually less visible in reality -RRB- , the markers at 3 , 6 and 9 o'clock is missing , the circles of the chronograph is at a bit more distance from each other , this does not look good at all in my opinion and gives it a less authentic look , and the frame around the date is more rounded.I could live with the changes of the markers , and date frame , but absolutely not with the plastic look and absence of the visible texture on the dial ` s face . After all , in my opinion it is the nice look of the texture combined with the more centered chronograph circles that adds the solid and expensive look to it and made me buy this one.So the photos Amazon present of this watch , as of today , -LRB- they 'll probably and should change it soon -RRB- , they show the old and nicer looking version.So beware of that.If you do n't mind about this , this is probably a good watch . I will never know as I 'm returning it . . -LRB- Thanks Amazon for great customer service -RRB- ! You can take a look here
 Not how it looked in picture much different then what i was expexting . Thoght it would be nicer feels face and feels like it is low quility
 I received the 9212 speedway and it was a faulty watch . The date would n't set . Had to turn the hands for 24 hrs to set the date . Called Invictia and they told me it was faulty , so i sent it back ,
 Just after peeling all of the plastic off the watch the front bezel fell off . I took it to a jewlery store and they were suprised and I will be asking Amazon for a replacement . If the next one is defective I will be looking at other brands .
 I got my Speedway Chronograph back in November 2009 . At first I loved the watch and it worked great . I collect watches so did not have it on everyday ... A short while later as I was wearing it I notice the chronograph -LRB- timing hand - large second hand -RRB- go off 12:00 . I know I did n't hit the watch on anything ... I was using the chronograph feature and the hand did not return back to 12:00 when resetting it . I adjusted it by unscrewing both the start & stop buttons for the timer and pulling out the main shaft like one would set the time on the watch . Pushed the buttons to move the timer hand forward or backward . Once done it seemed to work again but after a short while the same thing happened ... I performed the same adjusting procedure to fix it.I started wearing the watch just about everyday and making sure that it worked and that I did n't hit or drop the watch on anything . It seemed `` OK '' for a while . One night I put it down on a table and the next morning it stopped working all together . I had to `` tap '' it lightly on the table to get it to work again.I own another Invicta diver 's watch -LRB- large one -RRB- and do not have any of these issues at all . It 's not a chronograph but it works fine.The movement and other inner components of this watch are really cheap . DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND SAVE THE $ $ $ TO BUY A BETTER MADE WATCH . I 've had better success with Pulsar Chronograph watches than this one . I own several of these and have never had any issues with any of them . One of them is about 18 years old and still works great !
 Bought this watch as a gift for someone who could not afford a new watch after their old one gave out . They were really excited when they opened the box . It looks beautiful ! Unfortunately , the watch did not work . NONE of the side dials were operative -- they were all frozen in place . It was impossible to even set the time . Sadly , this gift became a huge disappointment and this person remains , now again , without a watch . It is a complete hassle to straighten out this whole mess . Not likely to purchase this watch again .
 I have Purchased and received 2 peices of this watch and I can say that this is the worst thing I 've ever ordered in my life.the watch it self looks good , but it is not working properly , and always either ahead or later than the actual time , no matter how many times I had it readjusted.I strongly do NOT recommend anybody to buy this thing as it is a waste of money and time .
 Battery empty What is the solutionI need a new battery because the clock has no need of battery Please reply to me
 I understand some of these watches come with screws for removing links . This one did not it came with only small brads and the brads themselves do not secure the band and keep it from falling off of your wrist . I would not recomend any watch that has a band that the links are secured by links .
 Could never get the small dials to zero themselves and returned it . Otherwise it is a good looking quality appearing piece . Probably just got a bad example of the model .
 Nice watch . The small hands where off and you could not adjust them . I read the directions on how to adjust the hands . Only the small second hand would adjust not the others . So I return the watch .
 This is my worst watch ever . PLEASE SAVE YOURSELF THE STRESS AND SAVE YOUR MONEY . This watch started changing color day 2 , not only changing the gold colour but even the stainless steel . Nice looking watch but such a waste of money , i cant even give it out as a gift cos it looks all scratched up now . SUCH A WASTE OF MONEY ON AN OTHERWISE GOOD LOOKING WATCH .
 Malfunction straight away . Random slowness , was not battery . Hardtoken return as a defective item . Disappointed at such high reviews but low quality .
 Unfortunately I had to return this item . It only looks very nice but I could n't even adjust the time because the crown and the keys for the chronograph did n't work at all . However I had my refund very quick and I decided to go for a better known brand
 While this watch appeared to be a lovely watch . Within a few months of purchase , the stem locked in place and can not be used to adjust the watch . Yes , there is a warranty . The watch , however , cost $ 60 on Amazon , and the warranty fee is $ 29 to return it to Invicta -LRB- which happens to be located about 3 miles from my home , but they do not allow you to drop off defective items -RRB- . It does not seem worthwhile to spend 50 % of the cost of the watch on a repair within the first four months after purchase . Very disapointing !
 I bought this watch for my boyfriend last year , and within 6 months the hands on the watch did not have enough `` juice '' to do anything more than quiver . Within a couple weeks of that , it stopped completely.I contacted Invicta about having it fixed , as it is under their 1 year warranty . They will fix it , yes , but I have to pay to have the watch shipped to their headquarters . I also have to enclose a check for $ 28 for `` return shipping fees '' . This seems like a very expensive battery fix . The problem is , if you take the watch somewhere local to have the battery changed , the second another party than Invicta removes the battery cover , the warranty is voided . Seems to be a bit of a stronghold to me . Pretty bogus.All in all , until the battery gave out , it was a decent watch . I wish someone at Invicta had been willing to take even ONE STEP to leave me feeling like a satisfied , valued customer .
 Whenver you buy an Invicta , it 's a crapshoot . Nice-looking , inexpensive watch . But if your 's goes bad , you 're lost since service is non-existent and the service fees are about the same as the watch itself . I had this model 9212 which worked fine for six months or so when I neglected to screw down the stems and contrals tightly . If they loosen , water gets in and you have a useless watch . This time , since I like the watch 's looks , I thought I take a chance and try to be sure the controls are never opened and alwys water-tight this time around.But the watch that came was pathetic brand new right out of the box ! The chronograph second hands would n't work , the tenths hand ran backwards . Generally nothing worked . So I bought a Seiko . They always work -LRB- 25 years for mine -RRB- and are good-looking too . I learned my lesson this time around .
 The looks and feel of the watch is really great but I think the reason why they sell this in a much lower price because its defective . The longer hand -LRB- which is the second -RRB- does not align with the marker . It is such a shame ...
 Normally Invicta is a great watch . This one quit working after only a few weeks . Manufacturer charges $ 28 for them to process `` warranty '' repairs .
 Opened the box , WOW ! It is drop dead gorgeous ! Read the instructions , attempted to follow same . Fergitaboutit ! Both Chronograph buttons frozen solid . Guess I could of worn it as a time piece only except it would have aggravated me every time I looked at it . Then noted it was running when I opened the box . Hmmmmmmm , a previous return methinks . Back to Amazon with it , no more for me .
 Watch came deffective . Chronograph functions are not working . In addition big seconds ' swipping hand in not functionig . Horrible , horible quality . Came deffective right out of the box . What a shame ! Because watch looks and feels great on the wrist . I knew I was taking a chance with Invicta , but two out of two watches deffective ! Anfortunately it 's probably true for most of their watches .
 Bought this watch dipped it into a jewerly cleaner i recommend you leave bezel in as your warranty will not cover you if you leave it out when your swimming etc. . . and water gets in watch is water proof only when bezel is closed this is what io was told by a watch company called presicion time
 watch is beautiful well built but finally got it set and the second hand does not move and the chrono features do not work either ??? what gives invicta looks fantastic -LSB- ... -RSB-
 When i was deciding to get a watch for myself , I was tied between buying this one and the invicta 9211 . I had seen the two tone daytona watch and really really liked it and as i had heard that this watch was very similiar to the rolex one so i went for it.Well surprise surprise a 100 dollar watch ca n't compete with a 20000 $ watch . This watch is extremely cheap looking although it is functional but it is kind of watch that street hussler 's wear . So if you think yourself to be in the category of a business man or salaried employee , strictly stay away and buy the invicta 9211 as it is much more decent looking .
 I ordered an Invicta watch on the morning of 9/7/10 which included free Super Saver Shipping . At 7:00 pm on 9/9/10 the order still had not shipped and my expected arrival date was shown as 9/24/10 . I changed the shipping method to regular ground , paid $ 4.95 , and it shipped later that evening . Free Super Saver is a farce!Now , another 2 days later FedEx shows shipping was initiated , but it still has not been picked up by them.I have no idea where my watch is , but I do know one thing , I will NEVER order from Amazon again !!!
 Looking at the pictures , i was impressed and took the watch . But , I guess , its not worth for the money . Its heavy on the wrist and I always wanted to keep it on the desk rather wearing .
 I received a brand new watch which was defective and it seems I have no recourse to exchange it for a properly working watch . I am not pleased .
 I liked the watch for a month until my son pointed out that the second needle is not moving symmetrical . Over all , it takes 60 seconds for the second needle to make one complete rotation , but there are seconds where in it will not move or it will move two spaces in one shot . . A bit annoying , had that been right , I would have gone for a higher rating ...
 When my husband took the watch to get it fitted and they tried to set the date the thing that sits it just turns and turns leaving the watch unable to set the date .
 This watch has hands that disappear in the busy face , the colors blend too much , and you have to look hard to see the time . It is also very heavy on the wrist .
 Arrived - the second hand hopped around , the stopwatch function did not work . Verified at watch repair that battery good and the faults ere real , so returned for refund .
 I was really disappointed when I opened my new Invicta 9212 . It was much smaller than I expected , and felt much cheaper than my older Invicta . I suppose I should have actually determined how large 40mm was before I ordered . Just to be clear , a 40mm watch face is NOT large for a men 's watch . It is , in my opinion , a small to medium size for a modern men 's watch -LRB- it actually looked better on my wife 's small wrist -RRB- . As a result , it does NOT stand out , does NOT look impressive , and does NOT make the impact I needed it to make . If you are looking for a two-tone watch that is really going to `` POP '' and grab attention , keep shopping . This does n't even come close . In fact , this would have been the smallest watch in my watch collection -LRB- and I have several `` medium-sized '' watches -RRB- . Furthermore , there are images of the watch that demonstrate a nice texture in the white portion of the dial . This texture is not very noticeable in person , and does NOT look intricate . It looks cheap . Yeah , it was only seventy-five dollars , but I think I can do better . I am thinking of exchanging it for a Bulova or Michael Kors that are similar in appearance , but larger and more expensive . I probably wo n't buy another Invicta . I think they have lowered their quality significantly over the years .
 The size was too small for me . I have large wrists and this looks very small on me . The appearance is not the usual high visual I get from as I did with my previous Invictas I have purchased .
 I received two Invicta watches as a gift at the same time . One of them was the 9212 , and it looked good out of the box . After you wear them 10-15 times all of the gold will start coming off the band . This did happen on both of them . I would never buy another Invicta that is two-tone .
 The Invicta 9212 watch pictured on Amazon has a bar at each hour on the face . The watch I received did not have bars at the 3 an 9 position . In my research I found that the difference in appearance was an indication that the chronograph movement has been changed from the original version of the watch which is pictured on Amazon . The original version had a Miyota OS20 movement , with the large second hand at rest until you activate the chrono function . The watch I received had the large second hand continuously running , which indicates an inferior chronograph movement . I returned the watch . Buyer beware .
 I got this watch for my dad . I was able to wind the clock to adjust the time , but unable to wind it to chage the date on this clock . It just wo n't budge . I 'm feeling cheated for the price I paid as this is the basic 2 functions the sellers should have ensured that the watch has . Overall dissatisfied .
 I hate to be the bearer of bad news but this is probably my 4th invacta I bought and the quality of this watch is . . well . . poor . It does not compare at all to theInvicta Men 's 10704 Speedway Chronograph Blue Dial 18k Gold Ion-Plated Stainless Steel WatchorInvicta Men 's 1774 Pro Diver Collection Chronograph Watch . In terms of weight , material , functionality , and of course looks . To me this would be a good gift for a women , it is small , lightweight and it 's not a horrible price for what you are getting .
 My family and I have bought a lot of items from Amazon over the years with good success . Until this product . After wearing the watch for five weeks to my white collar office job , the gold has worn off one link on the bracelet already . Excluding the problem with the bracelet the watch is fine . But it has only been 5 weeks . Too bad this problem did n't happen within the 30 day return window . I am really disappointed and will reconsider how I shop while warning my family and friends . I plan to call Amazon and see if they will help me .
 There is no doubt that this thing looks good . The problem is , if I ca n't set the time , It 's worthless . Somehow this watch made it all the way to my house without anyone realizing that it was broken . I can not belive that Invicta would let that type of defect slip through their quality inspection . Very dissapointing .
 I received this watch after ordering it through Amazon a week ago and when I got it , it had a small crack in the crystal and went further as I wore it . I plan on sending it back . It keeps good time but it is broken .
 ME ENCUENTRO MOLESTA POR QUE PAGUE POR ESTE RELOJ Y NUNCA LO RECIBI , NECESITO QUE ALGUIEN ME DE INFORMACION DE QUIEN ME PUEDE RESPONDER POR ESTE PRODUCTO O QUE HAGAN LA DEVOLUCION DEL DINERO . MUCHAS GRACIAS
 I received this watch as a gift . I have worn the watch 3 days . The gold on the band has already rubbed off 3 links.Very very very cheaply gold plated . I was able to rub it off with my finger and very little friction.I will not be buying another Invicta . I love the watch but i paid for the gold on the band , i expect for the gold to not rub off within the first 3 days . I have literally worn this watch less than 72 hours.I may return the watch because of the quality . Email Sales@dynamicbargain.com if you want pictures of the watch after 3 days of normal wear . I sit at a computer 8 hours a day , no rough use at all .
 BEWARE - Cheap watches are cheap watches - regardless of looks . This watch worked for one hour out of the box - then froze never to work again . Returned .
 Good looking watch , a little large though but regardless it did n't work ! The stem was frozen - could n't pull it out to set it ! That 's the bad news , the good news was how easy and painless the return process was !
 Gold rubbed off after a week . The band broke easily . This was the worst watch ive ever owned . Better off with a walmart watch .
 Invicta should be ashamed of putting their name on this watch . I bought one a few years ago in blue and it 's awesome . Now I saw it in black and thought I 'd get it too . It was defective right out of the box - could n't wind it manually . So much for quality control .
 The watch runs fast , about 6-8 minutes a DAY . If you ca n't rely on the time , what good is it - no good !
 I was looking for a good looking , automatic sport watch , and this seemed to fit the bill at the time . The two-tone with the blue face fit perfectly with my uniform . 300 meter water resistant for those times I find myself going in the water . All the features I wanted . I asked our department `` watch guy '' about the 2824 movement , and got quite a lesson on the Eta movement and how they are used in some very high-end timepieces . So when the watch came and was gaining several seconds a day I was a bit concerned until I read more about it and found that it was normal for a new automatic movement , and that that would change in a few months . It did . Now I am resetting my watch every day -LRB- sometimes twice -RRB- . Now it 's not unusual for it to be gaining 100-120 sec . each day . I checked inside the handy glass window on the back of the watch with a bright lamp and a 10X magnifying glass , and could not find the Eta logo , normally stamped on their movements , anywhere in there . I now suspect that the `` 2824 '' reference was a nice little bait and switch that I sadly bought , thinking it was an Eta 2824-2 automatic movement . Because of strict Swiss laws , I have no doubt that it is a Swiss movement , but more than likely a Mark 1 , Mod 0 , bargain basement movement , but Swiss nonetheless . Avoid this puppy like the plague , unless that is , you 're one of those people who are chronically late for everything . If that 's the case , buy two , and you 'll never be late again .
 Bought this watch and the illumination featured never worked ; when you push on the button it goes blank . The compass has to be reset frequently and the altimeter always gives erroneous readings .
 This watch has gone blank on me several times . Removing the battery and putting it back makes it reset to 1/1/2006 and loses altitude.For 3 months the altimeter was inaccurate but marginally useful . Now it randomly changes the altitude . I bought a new battery and went for hike . I set the altitude to 2200 feet and 2 minutes later it said 2800 feet . The compass never worked at all .
 I was excited when received my new `` Invicta Men 's Elite Titanium Watch # 9537 '' from Amazon , but then I was extremely dissapointed , the watch must be either Titanium PLATED or Titanium COLOR , but it was NOT Titanium , you can instantly obviously tell by the weight -LRB- I have a couple Titanuim watches -RRB- . Also the nice rich color depicted in the ad photo was NOT what the watch actually looked like in real life , it was VERY dissapointing!BUT ... I have to tell anyone reading this ... AMAZON WAS WONDERFUL!They returned the watch ASAP with only a very minor s/h fee.I was very happy with the way Amazon treated me , I will DEFINETELY buy from then again and again !
 After owning this watch for just two months the date indicator stoped turning and will not turn manualy . Amazon would not take care of an exchange because it is over 30 days so I am now having to ship the watch back to the manufacturer . I am not pleased with Amazon 's short 30 return/exchange policy or with the fact the watch has failed already . It is a good looking watch . Hopefully the manufacturer will be easy to work with . But now I have to pay to ship it back and who know what else .
 After the first year or so of working well , we have had to send it back to L.A. several times at our cost for repairs and they never get it right ! It may work for a month or so , then it is the same problem or a new one . It is too highly priced for the product that it is . I was told when I bought it that it was sterling silver , but in fact , it is not as confirmed by a local jeweler !!
 so ... . i get the watch looks like a million bucks . wear it the first night frigging bezel pops out twice through the night . there is nothing worse then having to set your watch twice during your date . full refund
 What a piece of garbage . The first one I received stopped working the very next day . They sent a replacement , I went diving just to 35 feet and it leaked and stopped working . Pure junk .
 Not only it loses a least 5 minutes a week , but sometimes it 's totally unpredictable and can lose 30 minutes . The warranty repairs will cost you $ 28 and take 8 weeks .
 Of course this is the bottom end of the Invicta line . Nevertheless , one would expect a major manufacturer to produce a watch that actually keeps time . As is noted in several other reviews , this watch regularly stops running , sometimes losing a couple of hours , sometimes losing just minutes a day . One never knows even the approximate time . I 've only had the watch a week and already replaced the battery hoping that was the problem . No luck . Were I to return the watch for warrantee service there is a large charge and 6-8 weeks of turn-around time . Clearly its not worth it and this one will just go in the trash . I should have paid attention to the negative reviews before I bought this piece of junk .
 This watch could be perfect , except they sent me a defective watch that was clearly returned by another customer . It had none of the original stickers that come on watches , and it was clearly opened before . The watch stopped working several times in the first day of wearing it . Amazon , I expect better of you . I returned the watch , what terrible service .
 this watch is not made for underwater activity . I already returned the first one i bought from amazon because the ticking was sporadic and then the one i received allowed in moisture and now the face has water drops inside . this is a terrible watch , i would just spend a little more a buy a better quality and avoid the disappointment and frustration with this watch .
 Very disappointed ! I washed my hands and the `` diving watch '' fogging badI called the company and they want $ 28 check for shipping back to meplus $ 15 will cost me to send it to them , I bought the watch $ 53I garranty!If `` INVICTA '' does not change there policy to sent new WATCHand get broken one back at no cost , they will be bankrupt soon.Customers do not care about the BRAND NAME any more they want good product .
 Anyone claiming to have this watch with a screw down crown is lying and just copying from other reviews . This watch arrives with the 8932 number on the attached tag , but on the back of the case it clearly says 8932A . Why ? Who knows ? This watch was purchased specifically due to its claim that it is water resistant , it clearly states in all advertisements that it has a screw down crown . It does not have a screw down crown.If you look around and read through the reviews you will see again and again , people who actually have the watch realize it does not have a screw down crown.This means if water is splashed near the crown , it can go right into the watch body.Do not purchase this watch if you intend to ever get water near it . It is not a diver watch by any stretch of the imagination .
 Avoid this watch . I took a chance and bought this invicta `` dive watch '' because it was $ 20 cheaper than a similar victorinox watch.Now I see where that 20 bucks went.The first time I ever got the thing wet , not diving but swimming in a pool , it had water fogging up under the glass that never came out . Looked terrible . Then a couple weeks later the thing just died outright . A very poor quality , short lived timepiece whose manufacturer outright lies about its product . `` dive watch '' , what a joke . Keep this POS away from water at all costs if you want it to last more than a week.I would n't buy another invicta watch . What a waste of $ 50 .
 Bought this junk approx 6 myths ago ... has never kept correct time and fails to wind as an automatic should ... quite simple put a piece of junk .
 I bought two for friends in another country . They both fogged up on the guys . Of course the date difference between my receiving them and getting down there to hand them to the guys burned up the return window . I am very displeased with this product and transaction as I am left owing the guys money and having to return the watches at a loss .
 el reloj pone que tiene 39mm , y resulta que tiene 37mm , es demasiado peque & ntilde ; o para ser de hombre , y le falta poner en los relojes el peso que tiene completo , es importante a la hora de elegir .
 . This watch is very small . Multiple times I was asked if it was a WOMENS watch . Do NOT BUY.good quality , but if your a man alteast 170 pounds or more this watch is not for you
 The watch was decently priced , looks good , but does n't keep the correct time . What the heck ? If I really used it as a dive watch I 'd probably already have died from lack oxygen .
 This watch is nothing but a copy . What on Earth is the point in buying a fake Rolex that does n't even say Rolex on it?If you want to impress your friends , go to Chinatown and get a real fake Rolex .
 Nice watch , but I wanted a watch , not a pretty hunk of metal . Amazon was great with return and I got a Timex instead .
 i saw the image and thought it would be looking very good . . but when i got the parcel and open it i dont have any words from my mouth . i was very disappointed . so plz be careful in choosing cloth accessories in amazon or any other website . because it will be good once we wear it and check it out .
 I will never own an Invicta . Too many models and too many variations of the same model . Invicta has oversaturated the market and there is nothing special about owning one . Too common . I like how Seiko and Orient only have 2 or 3 color schemes of one model of watch .
 IT LOOKS GOOD BUT IT JUST DOES NOT WORK ... I MEAN THIS A CHEAP WATCH BUT STILL INVICTA QUALITY USED TO BE GOOD FOR ITS CHEAPEST WATCHESTOO ... . I DONT KNOW PERSONALLY IM TIRED OF INVICTA 'S DOWNGRADING QUALITY . LOOK FOR ANOTHER WATCH .
 Right out of the attractive box the watch 's sweep hand stuck around the 25 min mark . I might have to replace the battery , but certainly have to replace two links on the band . Why should i have to contend with that . Why was this watch marked 8932A . Was it because the sweep hand would stick at the 25 min mark ? I do n't know . I 'm sending it back .
 So , for $ 65 I do n't expect a top of the line watch but I would feel I paid too much if I paid half.The bezel is difficult to turn , feels loose at times , and is very cheap . The `` magnifying '' spot on the face over the date looks and feels like a glued on piece of plastic which does n't even magnify the date . The band itself feels cheap and rattles and squeaks while wearing it . The face also seems smaller than the description and images depict , though I ca n't find my ruler to measure.This watch also would n't function as a diver watch because , unlike another review commented , it does NOT have a screw down crown.Ultimately , if you want a watch which looks like a knock off Rolex Aquamarine from 30 yards this might suffice , but I am disappointed with this purchase and am going to be returning it . One of the more expensive Invicta watches might work better but I do n't even feel like this watch would be functional in my day to day life .
 Received this watch as a Christmas present last year . Up till last week , it was fine and I had no problems . The watch stopped working -LRB- I assumed a dead battery -RRB- , and I called the company to request warranty service . They will cover any repairs to the watch , but there is a $ 28 shipping fee on top of my cost for shipping it to Invicta . Now , this was a $ 58 watch with S&H . The $ 28 charge for shipping back after warranty repairs seems a bit ridiculous to me . I actually really liked the watch , but will probably get some other brand rather than have it repaired . I will re-post if I send it back regarding the actual warranty service .
 I received my Invicta 8932 watch today -LRB- May 15 , 2010 ; ordered on May 7 , 2010 -RRB- . I was shocked to discover that the watch is not brand new
 I purchased the watch on June 15 , 2010 for my husband 's birthday , through Amazon , receiving it on June 18 , 2010 . We left town two days later to spend 8 weeks in New Mexico . While changing the time to `` mountain time , '' the entire stem pulled out of the watch . Although my husband pushed it in , the time could no longer be set and the `` waterproof '' component of this `` dive watch '' was no longer functional . The watch was only functional 3 days !!! We then returned it to Invicta when we returned in August and had to pay $ 28 for shipping to repair a $ 50 watch ! Even though we live near the repair center , they refused to take it without it being sent in with money for shipping !! After 6 weeks , the watch still has n't been returned ! We are very disappointed in what could have been an impressive watch . Update as of January 9
 The watch is smaller than specs . and is like a woman with bad reputation ... I return it .
 On receiving this Invicta # 8932 product , I immediately tried to set the date . It was impossible to set the day of the week . The stem did not reach the position to change the day of the week . I guess all Invicta watches need immediate repair .
 It is a fairly good looking watch , the bezel feels a bit cheap but then again it is not an expensive watch . Upon arrival it would not work fine with the crown screwed all the way in , I had to wear it half way through so I would not become slow . This is obviously not any good , although after about a month 's use I was able to screw the crown all the way in and it performed well . I replaced it with a Wenger Men 's 72326 Battalion III Diver and do not regret it at all , in fact the Wenger became my everyday watch.I attempted to use the Invicta after about a month of no use and it was not running , I had to unscrew the crown for it to start working again . I suspect it has a design flaw which makes the mechanism stop when the crown is screwed all the way in . No more Invicta watches for me !
 The watch looks great . It mimics the classic Rolex Submariner design and is very inexpensive . When I wear it on my wrist , I can feel that some of the edges on the case back , lugs and bracelet poke my skin especially when it slides slightly up and down my wrist . Next time , I 'll spend a little more to get a watch that 's more comfortable and go for a more established brand .
 I purchased 4 of these watches as gifts however the build quality is very inconsistent and not up to gifting quality . The Cyclops on all 4 watches was in a different alignment . 2 had case blemishes . The endlinks did n't match up as I would expect . Even at this price a Fossil watch is a much better choice in my opinion .
 I ordered three Invicta Watches last Christmas , and everyone ofthe bands have broken . The watch itself has done all right , but the bands are really cheap .
 I bought this as a cheap alternative for daily wearing , to avoid any damage on my far finer Tag diver watch . The watch looks and wears well , but it 's noticeably less solid feeling than my tag . For $ 60 , I think it 's a great value . The only real problem is that the item description says `` screw down '' ; it 's actually push down , without any real screwing involved . -- UPDATE -- The watch band broke about 5 months after I purchased it . It was $ 10 to fix . You get what you pay for . Changed review from 4 stars to 3 . -- UDATE -- The watch band broke again in the same place , right where the chain attaches to the main watch body . Marked it down to 2 stars . This may be happening because of my lifting at the gym , but it never happened with my Tag Heur so I think that it 's a design flaw of some kind .
 I got one of the failures ; the screw crown would n't tighten , and the second hand was n't aligned to the hash marks . Since I did n't use it I can speak to the accuracy , but just out of the box it 's gorgeous and a nearly perfect dive watch -LRB- thanks for the design Rolex -RRB- . At the price , if you get a keeper you made a heck of a deal , but you 're taking your chances . I still gave it two stars , if you get one that works right you 'll give it six .
 I think the product is worthless . Too much image for a very bad quality product . On my 7th day using it , I accidentally dropped it from no more than 2 feet high , and it stopped working . I took it to a jeweler , and he said the `` machine '' was broken and it had to be changeg , more costly than what the watch cost me .
 I had this watch for two years . It certainly looks very nice , it was often mistaken for a Rolex when I wore it . It was n't without its problems though , the time was never accurate , I had to reset the watch every week because the minute hand would run a little faster than it should . The key issue with this watch was that it was n't durable for me . I never abused it or wore it while active , I restricted wearing it for business or outings . One day it just broke while I was in an important meeting , much to my embarrassment . I was sitting there and the clasp just came undone , without it having been hit or physically struck.For the price , it 's not all that bad , but even for this low price point , I think you can do better .
 I bought an Invicta 8932 and nobody could loose the crown ! That was so firmly attached to the body of the watch that I have to use pliers to switch the crown to be able to pull it and adjust the date and time . But it works fine . I gave 1 star but the clock deserves 4 .
 My first piece just stopped and without a warranty it was a goner . This second piece from Amazon was okay for 10 months until it slowed down . I replaced the battery but after a week , it again slowed down . I bought the batteries the same time as the watch . It should have lasted longer . I am ordering newer batteries before I send it for my 5 year warranty repair .
 I ordered this watch as a gift for my son who was graduating from the police department who wanted the Invicta watch . When I got it I noticed the second hand on this watach was very loose and moving by itself . I could not give it to my son and I was very disappointed that I had to send it back . I just thought this watch was a better made watch .
 I received this watch for my birthday . It was bought two months in advance so it could no longer be returned to Amazon . -LRB- Nice policy by the way , we will never be buying ahead again . -RRB- It worked while in the box . The minute it was placed on my wrist to actually wear it it stopped . It would restart again and run but it basically does what other reviewers have said . It stops at times and just keeps lousy time.I bought a junk watch from ebay from China for $ 4.95 including shipping and it has n't missed a beat . Outperforms this dud . hate this watch with a passion AVOID AVOID AVOIDDO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYBTW Invicta wants to charge $ 25.00 for me to ship their broken piece of crap back to them . HA
 good AfternoonI bought this watch for my husband and never served from the first day was late and stopped my husband was trying to work but it was impossible , I regret buying this watch .
 I was n't impressed with this watch and have returned it . Stupidly ordered it with out reading the numerous bad reviews . Like many of the reveiws i later read the cyclops on this watch was n't straight and it felt cheap . -LRB- guess you get what you pay for ? -RRB- Bought a Seiko SKX007K insted which I love .
 I bought this watch hoping that if I paid more my watch would last longer . After less than 18 months use , this watch looses hours and is no longer reliable . Invicta wants a check of $ 28 just to receive the watch -LRB- parts extra -RRB- and for that price , it is better to purchase a cheaper watch - it will last the same amount of time . I am very disappointed with this supposedly `` good '' brand .
 When I received this watch I was overjoyed with the beauty of the thing . It looks as good or better than a Rolex . Unfortunately , when I tried to change the date , the stem broke off . I had to return it to Amazon for a refund .
 This is the worst watch I have ever owned . It does n't keep time worth a damn , and the day function never works . I will never buy another Invicta watch .
 I 've always liked the Rolex style but never wanted to pay the Rolex price . Found this at a discount and went for it . It 's light and does n't feel very sturdy . As such I did n't trust it could hold up as well as my REACTOR or Timex Ironman so I returned it . This might be a good starter for a young man but I would n't put it in as grown-up watch collection .
 I got this Invica Men 's 8932 watch , but fron the time I took it out of the box it would stop everyday.I finally took it to the watch repair man and he fixed it . It seems to be a problem with many of these models.I think Invicta and Amazon ought to be ashamed to sell this watch knowing it has this defect .
 The Invicta Men 's 8932 Pro Diver Collection Watch is a fake ! It 's a bad replica . Inside it there is a bad battery engine -LRB- no brand -RRB- , I take an inside photo when I must repair it because suddenly stop , but I do n't know how I can upload.It 's not hermetically sealed . So I do n't think that could be waterproof.I really disappointed with Amazon to cover this scam in a 50 % off offers .
 Invicta are great looking watches with a fancy name but they suck . My first one quit working after 2 months , I thought maybe I just got a lemon so after going thru a few other watches I needed a good `` work '' watch . I thought I would give the Invicta Pro Diver a shot . It ran great for about ten days then I noticed it was off by about fifteen minutes . I thought maybe I had set it incorrectly so I re-set it . The next day I checked it against my computer and wall clock and noticed it was loosing about fifteen to twenty minutes every twenty four hours . I would not wear another Invicta if they gave them away .
 This is a beautiful watch ... well designed exterior , polished stainless steel , just a great look . That is where the praise ends for me . After about a week , the watch lost about 35 minutes of time overnight . I was really bummed because I really wanted this watch to work out . It is just very attractive . If you are on the fence like I was after reading the reviews , I would choose something else . It has some kind of design flaw with the quartz `` motor '' . I ended up returning the one I ordered . I wo n't be ordering anything from Invicta again . Amazon should really consider NOT selling this watch with all of the problems others have had .
 I am returning this watch today . Sorry to do it because it is a handsome timepiece . Several problems
 Crown does not screw down so contrary to Invicta ' claims this is not a diver 's watch.Amazon 's return policy is brilliant and there was no argument about replacing the watch .
 The watch stopped within the first 30 days and I should have returned it but since it started up again I kept it . It stopped frequently and the last time it stopped I could not reset the time because the stem had fallen out - sent it in for service and Invicta wanted $ 126 + postage to repair . I told them to keep the watch .
 This is one of several Invictas I 've purchased , and I 've been pretty impressed . However , this model is so small that it hardly qualifies as a men 's watch -- and I 'm a fairly short guy . I 've seen watches this size advertised as ladies ' models.The second problem with this watch is the clasp . It almost takes a pair of pliers to loosen the safety clasp . While it 's nice to have a tight fit , when you ca n't take the watch off , it 's a problem.Timekeeping is fine , and I still recommend Invicta watches to others . But unless you 're a really small guy , this watch is simply too small for wearing . -LRB- You could , however , give it to your wife or girlfriend ; -RRB-
 very nice looking but it broke the very first day i tried fixing the time and date . either very cheaply made or amazon sent me a messed up watch . very upset customer .
 I bought this watch as a gift for my husband for Christmas . Two days after I gave it to him it stopped working . Thinking it my be the battery I changed it out for a new one . That did not work . Now I have to send it in to have fixed . I was so disappointed . It is a beautiful watch but I will never buy one again .
 watch is ugly , made cheaply , and for 50 dollars that is all your going to get , is so small the watch that it looks like a womens watch , the bracelet is horrible , imo waste of money do not buy
 when i first got this , it worked perfectly . now , it works when it wants to . It works , then it stops . When it stops it can be for a minute or a few hours . I liked the watch when it worked , but now it is horrible . Will never buy another watch from amazon ever again . Seeing what some other reviewers say , this is apparently how the watch is working for mostly everyone .
 I recieved this watch yesterday and I was very excited . This was not my first Invicta , I 've been very impressed with their watches . After I got it home , I put a rubber band on it and then started setting the time . I first noticed that the bezel is very difficult to turn . I thought if I kept working it , it would loosen up . It has n't so far . Next I noticed that the time keeps stopping periodically . I know it 's a quartz , but even early on I expected the watch to keep running in the beginning . Then I look at the warranty card . I admit this is the first time I 've had to , and I notice that Invicta wants a $ 25 check for return shipping . They send me a defective watch and they want money to essentially fix it . I do n't think so ... I 'm used to very quality from Invicta , so I am very disappointed in this watch .
 The product description says the watch is water resistant up to 200 meters -LRB- 600 feet -RRB- . However , I use this watch for around 1 and half month and water has gone into the watch already . I did n't wear the watch to swim or take shower . I just use it normally and sometimes I wear it when I wash hands . How dare they say the watch is water resistant ?
 first watch got water inside the first time I got in the pool . The replacement did not run properly , some times run behind and some times it just stopped altogether .
 It is not a bargain , looks great but useless as a watch . I got two of this watches but both stops working perodically .
 Twice burned by ordering an Invicta watch . Thanks , Amazon , for having such a great return policy ! A while back , I ordered an Avicta ProDiver # 8926 automatic watch . Within days , it was running minutes fast each day . After a couple of weeks , it was running 5 to 7 minutes fast each HOUR ! Back to Amazon it went . Foolishly , I decided to try Invicta again , and ordered a quartz ProDiver # 8932 . What could go wrong with a quartz battery watch , right ? Wrong ! The 8932 ran for a few minutes , then stopped . Repeatedly . Back to Amazon . No more Invictas for me !
 I received my watch yesterday . My expectation on the looks was right on . I like it but I am writing this review to inform all that the watch was not working properly . It was interesting that all the reviews on this watch did not indicate its realiblity from the get go . It would stop intermittently and would lose time . I would need to reset it and it would start again . I am not sure if it is the battery or ... I called Invicta but after 15 minutes on hold , I decided to just ask for a replacement from Amazon instead . Wish me luck on the replacement , I like the looks but I would like a working watch too .
 When I received my watch yesterday , there was debris under the crystal . There is no way this watch would of lasted under water .
 A few weeks after I bought it I went body body surfing in the ocean and the glued-on bezel ring fell off . The rest of the watch still works fine and I still use it as a beater and beach watch , but I certainly would n't buy another one , or another Invicta product for that matter . I suppose I could have gone throught the warranty proceedures , but I did n't want to pay postage . Just not worth it . You get what you pay for - cheap price for a cheap watch .
 I bought this watch a few months ago and would not recomend the product . The feel is cheap , band and clasp very light and hard to unclasp .
 This watch was one I wanted as a backup for my Rolex GMT-II that needed a bracelet replaced . I had another Invicta previously which was very nice , waterproof , heavier bracelet , etc. . That 's what I thought I was buying with the 8932 model . Unfortunately it is not as heavy and the face is slightly smaller . My fault for not truly measuring . The actual one I found at SAM 's Club for $ 109 . I highly recommend it and made the purchase for myself -LRB- as backup -RRB- . Quality is fine , just the weight and face size is smaller than I expected -LRB- for less than $ 75 one can not complain - I would rather have had the $ 109 model from the start -RRB- .
 I bought this watch for my boyfriend last year , and within 6 months the hands on the watch did not have enough `` juice '' to do anything more than quiver . Within a couple weeks of that , it stopped completely.I contacted Invicta about having it fixed , as it is under their 1 year warranty . They will fix it , yes , but I have to pay to have the watch shipped to their headquarters . I also have to enclose a check for $ 28 for `` return shipping fees '' . This seems like a very expensive battery fix . The problem is , if you take the watch somewhere local to have the battery changed , the second another party than Invicta removes the battery cover , the warranty is voided . Seems to be a bit of a stronghold to me . Pretty bogus.All in all , until the battery gave out , it was a decent watch . I wish someone at Invicta had been willing to take even ONE STEP to leave me feeling like a satisfied , valued customer .
 Attractive watch . But the crystal broke in the first month . I have never had a crystal break on any watch in the past . i question the quality of materials used .
 This is alot of money to spend on a watch that does not keep time !!! This would be awesome if only it worked properly ... very sad : -LRB-
 This is my second -LRB- and last -RRB- Invicta watch , the battery had to be changed after about two months , after about 3-4 months the band broke , and had to be repaired.I rarely wore the watch , as it was supposed to be my `` good watch '' , my $ 40 casio has held up 3 years with no problems , and the battery is guaranteed for ten years , it also has a similar band.My advice either buy a cheaper brand that you can just toss out , because it will be too much to repair , or step up quite a bit in price , for something else.Even tho there is a warranty , they still charge you at least $ 28.00 to ship it to and from Invicta , -LRB- half the price of this watch -RRB- I am going to smash mine with a 22oz . hammer and at least get my moneys worth out this watch .
 i was soo happy that there was such a nice watch and it looks real but its not . the price itself is a rip off these are watches are made in hong kong if real they would come with a certificate saying its real sooo mad and mad at amazon for letting fake watches be sold .
 I bought this watch as a father 's day gift . By the time I went to wrap it , I realised that the watch was n't working at all . I got the battery changed and it will work for about 2 hours and stop . Put another battery in and same thing happened . The date to return has long since passed so I took it to a watch repair shop in hopes that it will work . This is the second Invicta watch I 've purchased and it will be the last !
 This is an attractive watch with a comfortable heft to it . If you want a fashionable watch with diver-watch style this is an ok route to go . With regular wear it will probably last a couple of years before it breaks.However :1 . The quality of workmanship is shaky2 . The band clasp is of very low quality metal3 . Do NOT trust this as an actual divers-watch . It will leak and you will die .
 I own and owned several different watches -LRB- Seiko , Tag , Longines , Omega , Reactor , etc. -RRB- and Invicta was by far the worst . I wore the watch a total of 5 times , and during that brief time the links were completely scuffed and the glass was shattered rendering the watch useless.I contacted Invicta to explain the situation , and after about 25 e-mails they came to the conclusion that I should pay $ 70 for the glass repair.Now , I am not sure about any of you people out there , but a watch should last longer than 5 wears . I 've actually bought knock off watches in Chinatown that are still ticking away . This watch was a complete failure.It was my first Invicta watch , which I recieved as a gift . I gave Invicta the chance to prove me wrong , but they were so greedy that they wanted to charge me for a watch that broke down in a week.How is it possible for a watch to break down so quickly , none of my other watches broke down in that manner . Maybe I got a bad watch , but Invicta made it clear that they were not repairing anything for free.If you 're readin this , go with a Seiko or any other brand for that matter since it 'll probably last more than a week .
 My daughter wanted a man 's watch for her birthday , so this Invicta watch was perfect because orange is one of her school 's colors . Anyway , a knob fell off only one hour after she put it on to show off . We never could get it to work . I think the battery was dead . The box it came in showed age also . I sent it back and only received half my refund because I kept the backpack that came with it as a bonus .
 Received the watch OK and am happy with the specification however I have doubts whether the watch is brand new?The second sweep hand jumps in 2 second increments when I put the watch on in the morning which is an indicator the battery is about to expire which is unacceptable for a brand new watch.The temperature function dosent always work and the stainless steel back has scuff marks for a watch less than a monthold that has never got wet -LRB- at least not in my ownership -RRB- Usually the steel back on a brand new watch is flawless , not so with the watch I have.I 'm suspicious I dont have a brand new watch and have been shipped a 2nd hand watch or a watch someone has returned and or its been on a shelf for too long?I have purchased numerous goods with Amazon and have always found them to be easy and proficient to deal with . I will be requesting a replacement which will be the true litmus test whether Amazon stands by their products and customers.Watch this space .
 I ca n't rate it zero stars . My father-in-law loves Invicta watches . I bought this watch based on the great reviews and his recommendation . Watch looks great but never keeps accurate time . I find myself every couple of days adjusting the time a couple of minutes back . It runs fast . I called Invicta and they want me to mail the watch to Florida and pay for the repairs . The company 's policy is horrible . I recommend buying a more well known brand . Good Luck
 This is my original review : -------- This is a quality watch that is much like the Citizen watch I wore with great satisfaction for 20 years . Then , 20 years ago , I thought I should have a digital watch . Not soon after , I returned to analog but it has taken until now for me to find this Citizen . It is simple , yet handsome . It is basic with just a touch of elegance . I do n't think you can find better at any price . It 's great to be home.This is an amendment to my former review added 5/7/2012 : -------------- I began to have trouble with the stem getting caught on clothing and shutting down the watch . When discovered , I would push in the pin and it would restart after resetting . Then the pin caught and broke off . I had to replace the watch .
 This one was a disappointment . I thought I would be buying something from Citizen in keeping with the quality I had found in Skyhawk series , but this one smacks of cheap . Forget retail prices , this one really should have a sub seventies price point . If you pay more , you will regret it . Why ? Read on.Let 's start with the face
 I would like to give this watch a 5-star rating because it is really a very good watch for the money , but unfortunately it suffers from a major design flaw.The Achilles Heel on this watch is the placement of the crystal . I purchased this watch in June and only got to enjoy it for a month before the crystal chipped . With the problem stemming from the design and the crystal replacements -LRB- which is not covered by the warranty -RRB- costing 1/3 the cost of the watch , I 'm not sure if I even want to bother having it repaired . The problem comes from the fact that the edge of the crystal is exposed and sticks up just a fraction of an inch above the surrounding case . In addition to being exposed , the crystal is not beveled at the edge and so it is able to `` catch '' on anything that might brush against it . If that something happens to be hard , it will chip/fracture the crystal with even the mildest of pressure.If you only plan to wear this on special occasions or if your job does not involve putting your hands near any objects , then this timepiece is a very nice choice . It is thin and light , has simple subdued styling , has very accurate time-keeping , and has an easy-to-read dial . Aside from the issue with the crystal -- which is a pretty big issue for me , unfortunately -- I really do like everything else about this watch .
 Watch looks great until you wear it a few days and start to notice the scratches on the band . I work in an office setting and can not figure out why the band has so many scratches.They are tiny scratches that when all combined makes the watch band look very dull . Gets worse daily . I have only had this watch for a month and wish I had one with a leather band . I do not recommend this watch .
 I bought this watch for my husband two years ago for our anniversary because I wanted to get a watch that did n't need a replacement battery . About 4 months ago , the watch started shorting out . It would n't work unless it was indirect light , meaning , if his sleeve was over the watch , it would stop working . I called Citizen and followed all of their suggestions . I then sent it in to their Headquarters in CA and even though the watch is supposed to have a 5 year warranty , they keep sending me bills for the repair . They claim the watch was `` tempered '' with and that the repairs are not covered by the warranty . I have now had 5 different conversations with the customer service reps and keep getting the bills . This has been a terrible experience and I would NOT recommend the watch because this is a terrible company to work with . It is hard for me to say this because I have been buying Citizen watches for 15 years now and own several of them myself .
 for the second time now that I have ordered the SC-505 that is not the stopwatch I recieved . I recieved th 505W which is not even similar . It counts fewer laps and only measures to 1/100s rather than 1/1000s that the 505 measures . Do n't know where to find this actual watch , but clearly ordering it will not work
 I had purchased this watch to match my husbands , as we have monagramed clothes . The battery does n't work , and after taking it to the watch repair for a new battery , it still does n't keep time . I liked the style but the watch does n't have a long life to it .
 Be very careful when you purchase this watch from Amazon , they could be a return or defective or without a warranty card.I have all the problems above when I got mine about two weeksago .
 I purchased it jun 2007 , first the power reserve hand quit moving so you could not tell if it was high or low , the magnifier lens for the date tends to get scratched so the date is useless and then in july 2008 it quit running altogether and the warranty is expired so i am stuck with tossing it out or throwing good money after bad
 The only reason why I give this 2 stars instead of 1 is because it worked great for about six months . Then the self-winding mechanism stopped working . So I had to start winding it by hand , and then sometimes it would n't even wind properly by turning the crown . Also , when I would change the time -LRB- which was fairly often since it would gain or lose half a minute a day -RRB- , sometimes the gears inside would n't engage properly and the watch would remain stopped after I finished setting it and pushed in the crown.Don ' t waste your money on this piece of junk . Buy a REAL watch , like a nice Seiko 5 automatic -LRB- SNK805 -RRB- for about the same amount of money . It will last you several years without any troubles .
 I bought the black leather band , black face model as I really liked the looks and feel and the lack of battery , however , the movement was off and after 3 days it would be 5 minutes fast . I returned it after putting up with this for a month and have n't risked trying another one to see if it was a defective watch or typical of the model . By the way , the movement is made in China , so do n't assume for $ 100 you 're getting even bargain-grade precision quality -LRB- though my old $ 40 Timex movement is fine -RRB- .
 I have the lime green with stainless steel plus black in between links . Looks great . Within a month the second hand fell off ! Sent back for repair . After less than a year , the watch stopped working . Yikes , thought it was broken . Sent again to repair . Nope the battery died , after less than year ! Year 2 or 3 , the band keeps breaking and falling off my wrist . -LRB- Customer service rep says they know that the links break . -RRB- Apparently there 's a design flaw in the stainless steel plus black band . The black links are rubber , not metal . So they dry , crack and break . Two have broken already on separate occasions , three more have cracks now . Lucky I was n't scuba diving when they broke , otherwise the M1 would be at the bottom of the sea . Already paid a jeweler once to replace one link , but not going to keep paying . I have to buy a new band . I would expect to pay an additional $ 50 on top of the price of this watch for repeated postage , handling , battery , jeweler service , new band in the first 3 years after you buy the watch . In comparison , I 've probably spent $ 10 total on my 20 year old Casio for a battery change .
 Yesterday I took this watch for a dive in a pool . It seemed to work fine , no problems.Today I took it for a real open water dive -LRB- spring , not sea -RRB- . At a mere 20ft it flooded . About 1/3 of the space under the glass was water . Not a water vapor , just plain water . And it was a mere 1 minute underwater . The crown was all the way down but it seemed like there was no seal but a hole instead.In the evening I noticed the water to turn reddish . It seems that at least some of the internals are made of a regular steel . In a real dive watch one would expect stainless steel or anything else not corroding so fast . I did unscrew the crown , pulled it out , and then the whole thing came out . It was corroded almost all over . Not just corroded like reddish color here and there , but brown with tiny brown bumps . Like it was in a water for weeks . It makes me think , maybe amazon.com sold me an already returned watch.I guess the 200M rating means walking 200 meters in rain and not diving 200 meters down . Or maybe 200 minutes in the shower.This might be a `` dive watch '' but surely it is not a `` scuba dive watch '' . For diving in a pool but without scuba gear.Also , the bezel at 6 o'clock is sticking out . If one taps it with a finger it makes a sound . When I bought this watch and showed it to my friends they were making fun of this like `` are you sure there was no ` made in China ' sticker somewhere on it ? '' . I was afraid that this bezel will pop off sooner or later.This was my first and my last dive watch I ever bought . I 'm going back to buying a cheap `` waterproof 100M '' watches at Walmart for $ 9.95 . Then I just lube it thoroughly with a silicon grease -LRB- Silicone Grease 2.0 oz . Jar -RRB- . After such treatment a cheap Walmart quality `` made in China '' watch works perfectly . I took one to 150 feet several times and it is still working ! The only drawback is that the bezel does n't turn because it is painted . It just needs a bit of silicon grease every 10 diving days or so . And if I flood it , it wo n't hurt as much as flooding a real `` dive watch '' for $ 109.95 . In summary
 I bought this watch in ladies royal blue and in less than 60 days it stopped working . I took it for a battery change but that did not make it run.The jeweler said the battery was still good . Amazon would n't take it back since it was over 30 days . MY ADVICE - DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON MOMENTUM PRODUCTS .
 Wanted to have a watch that not only was attractive and tough as well as being water resistant , but being easy to read . The minute hand was almost non visible at a quick glance . It is even hard to see unless you have good eyesight for close up.On the plus side , it is attractive and tough . I replaced the band also being unhappy with the buckle .
 I love skagen watches -- this one is beautiful . However , I have difficulty actually reading the time ! The hands do not stand out from the black background - therefore I am disappointed in my purchase .
 This watch fogged up every time my wife wore it.Had the seal replaced ... but the problem remained.looks nice . But it 's a dog at heart .
 I bought this watch in ladies royal blue and in less than 60 days it stopped working . I took it for a battery change but that did not make it run.The jeweler said the battery was still good . Amazon would n't take it back since it was over 30 days . MY ADVICE - DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON MOMENTUM PRODUCTS .
 I have a great fondness for Timex watches . They last a lot longer under the kind of wear and tear mine see than other brands I have tried.I have two problems with this model :1 . It 's a little too big for me -LRB- Timex no longer makes a ladies version of this watch , so I had to improvise -RRB- .2 . The hourly chime keeps getting turned on . I do n't know how , the method for turning it off again is not obvious -LRB- especially without the manual -RRB- , and there is no visual indication that it has been turned on .
 do n't like it , is not the same as the sales description . i was expecting something better , oh well that 's why is hard to order by internent .
 Purchased this watch to replace an identical Timex quartz lithium which has a worn case , plating flaking off and a sharp bottom edge due to wear . Unfortunately . the newer model is considerably thicker than the one I 'm wearing . Fearing it will catch on clothing and other inanimate object ; it simply sits in a dresser drawer . When my existing watch dies , I 'll try the new model . So far , I 'm not exactly thrilled with this product .
 I liked a lot about this watch but the date is so small and shaded over by the tup that I could not see it . I just sent it to get something I could read .
 Watch arrived in non - working condition . I did not give it one star because it rolled loosely around in box . . though its a TIMEX and they should take a licking and keep on ticking . I liked the retro look in the watch and reminded me of a style watch I had when I was twenty . I have three high end watches already but this one looked like my 80 's watch I got for graduation , although my 80 's watch was Citizen ... I ended up buying a Q&Q brand watch . The timex that I got may have been really an exception . . usually Timex is reliable .
 I have owned a couple Seiko watches over the years , but this will be the last one . Within a couple weeks of receiving the watch , the stainless steel wrist band came apart . Really inferior quality control . I guess that 's why the watch was so inexpensive ; I should have known better - now I do !
 You may want to know why such a great looking , gee whiz product gets such a low rating from me . I looked at the watch in a store locally , and was impressed until I heard the punch line . MSN subscription ! I 'm not going to go into detail that MS has more money than God does . I will say , they 're very clever in keeping continued money streams flowing . The subscription service costs , are roughly equivalent to a low cost Internet dial-up connection . Unless you really have a strong need for this , I do n't see the value of getting it on a `` watch '' . Lets be honest here , if you are a high-powered business type , or imagine yourself to be one , you already carry a high-tech cellular phone . Compared with the capabilities there , using this is just overkill . In addition , most people would agree , that a watch is something that should be low maintenance . They recommend you recharge the Smartwatch `` daily '' ! Do you really want to become a slave to your watch ? The FAQ says , the battery on this watch is not even replaceable . I 'll assume MS thinks by the time it wears out , in a year or so , -LRB- from daily charging -RRB- you wo n't mind buying the next model , probably for more big bucks.All that said this is an attractive watch , with a strong geek appeal factor . People buy expensive jewelry all the time , to impress others on just a few wearing occasions per year . I ca n't complain if that appeal is why you are considering buying it . The watch face is just like a little computer monitor , -LRB- although not color -RRB- and can display many things . I just do n't buy this as a practical item , unless it 's the only thing you use -LRB- no PDA 's , cell phones , or notebook computers -RRB- for these features.Down the road , this may become a better technology , one that I may want to use . What it needs is a hot-switchable , rechargeable battery , so you can avoid putting the watch on a charger . In the future I believe there will be some recognition that working people ca n't afford to pay for dozens of subscriptions for phone -LRB- s -RRB- , Internet , CATV , PDA , beeper , and now a watch . Combine that with all the `` net '' services , `` email '' , sports , music , news , entertainment features , and others we expect to pay for . When that time finally arrives , we 'll see many of these services combined . Then the `` smart watch '' , might be worth a second look .
 It 's way too big for a woman . It looks exactly the same size as that of a man 's watch -LRB- I bought 2 , 1 women 's , 1 men 's -RRB- . So I had to return it . And they charged me - $ 20.98 for Promotional funds . Do n't know why is that ??? Anyway , this watch is not for women .
 the watch is beatiful but it 's not so good ... on the first time that i take a shower , entered a lot of water into the watch ... . and for change it it 's very dificult , the policy it 's very very hard ... . you have to pay for everything , like if you want change the watch YOU have to pay for shipping ... . if you wan na change something on the watch -LRB- because it 's broken -RRB- YOU have to pay ...
 Love the watch but the expansion band is way too tight . I 'm not a big person and the band is hardly expanded on my wrist but the band is so strong that it cuts into my skin . The watch I ordered had a clasp type band but they sent me one with an expansion band . Guess I should have sent it back but thought the band might loosen up some . Wrong .
 My daughter wanted a big girl watch for Christmas . She was so excited when she opened this . The first watch only lasted 2 days before the band ripped on one side and the pin fell out on the other . Amazon quickly sent us a replacement . Unfortunately , this one only lasted 2 weeks.My daughter is n't unusually rambunctious or destructive , so I do n't know what the problem is . A kid 's watch should be able to hold up to typical playing . I expected far more out of a Timex .
 I bought this timex watch to my daughter , and it was ok for 1 month , and now it has stopped working . I think it needs a battery replacement.The watch was just 1 month old . How is it possible to have a battery failure after such a short time?For people who are planning to buy this watch . . take care of this big detail .
 We had gotten this for our daughter last year to Christmas . The watch did n't even last 3 month . She jumped in the pool and the watch was dead . Of course at this point no exchange or refund . We bought her a second Timex different color same thing . It clearly states they are water resistance up to 99 Feet my daughter never got close to that number . We are very disappointed in this Timex product .
 My guess is that the water in the watch face is a pretty good indication this is not truly a `` water resistant '' watch to 99 feet . Our bathtub is maybe 16 '' deep and that is the only place our 5 year old daughter has used this in the 2 days she has owned it . Bummer when your kid thinks she broke her birthday gift when in reality its just a cheap watch . Notifying the seller -LRB- through Amazon -RRB- and we 'll see how that goes ...
 This is an edited review . I had previously given the watch 5 stars . However , that was within a few days of getting the watch . Over the next week , the watch steadily lost time . So I took it and had the batteries changed . It worked fine for a day or two and then again , steadily started to lose time . I thought maybe my daughter was messing around with the setting button and had been pulling it out -LRB- which stops the watch until it 's pushed back in -RRB- . So I reset the watch and put it out of reach for a few days . When I checked back again , the watch had again lost time . I had bought the watch locally , and unfortunately , had thrown out all the packaging or else I 'd be taking the watch back to the store .
 Please do yourself a favor and if you want a watch that looks like a classic and do not want to spend the money to get one , do not buy this for the prices that they are trying to sell these at . The movements are very inexpensive made in China and the construction of the watch will not pass for a quality time piece at all . These watches can be had for $ 49.00 , $ 59.00 and $ 89.00 dollars.Someone is playing a game at 595.00-890 .00 for these so do not fall for it . I can not believe these guys think they can pass these off for those prices . I own one I bought for $ 59.00 dollars new and wear it as a fashion style item with limited dress shirts . When you are up close on these styles you can see the low quality and poor construction of the watch.Enough said , DO NOT EVEN CONSIDER ANY OF THE Steinhausen watches unless you get it for under $ 70.00 dollars and know it is all for show and not a quality lasting watch .
 Would love to write a review on this product . Would love to HAVE the product . Ordered 28 June from valuewatches , still waiting on it .
 This item looks ok on the picture here but when I received it and saw it in reality , man I was disappointed . It looks and feels like a mere toy .
 on frebreary 19 and 20 i buy 2 watches for a gifh infortunally both watch broke in the same place -LRB- brazellete -RRB- and is imposible to fix it , is some king of stainless stell defect that broke complete the brazallete
 I owned this watch for 2 weeks and here are what I found : Pros :1 -RRB- Its a Beautiful watch and the material used seems to be of high quality .2 -RRB- Its automatic , so no trips to the watch repair shop every 2 years for replacement battery which ruins the H2O resistant seal .3 -RRB- Wrist Band , nice shine and clasp-less . Cons :1 -RRB- Mine did NOT keep accurate time , hence I returned it .2 -RRB- Thickness , this is a very thick watch and so its also heavy.Also , the actual watch is darker than it is represented on My Dell flat screen monitor . Its more `` mocha '' like.I hope this helps . Perhaps mine was just a Lemon , but I returned it after the time was constantly off . I was almost late to one of my appointments because of it .
 I had bought and already returned this watch . This was my first Amazon watch . Unfortunately I did n't get what was advertised as a new product and was very disapointed . It came in a worn and torn outer white box with deep , aged red paint marks inside it . The watch itself did not have neither plastic protector wraps on the bracelet nor the original tags or warranty cards from Cartier . At a heartbeat , looking at it , anyone could tell that the watch was either a high mileage display model or a worn item . At a closer look , without even a magnifier , I noticed some visible scratches and dirt glued into the bracelet and the case . The back of the watch also had the signs of wear.I own quite a few of upscale timepieces , starting from Rolexes Daytona SS , 18K ... and up to Vacheron , Audemars and Patek . Never thought of Cartier but ladies versions . So I know my watches.Sadly it was an unpleasant experience for me and I think I have to disclose it .
 SquareTrade 2-Year Jewelry Warranty -LRB- $ 5000-10000 Items -RRB- I bought this Cartier Men 's W62020X6 Roadster Automatic Chronograph Watch for my husband for Christmas . It was beautiful and I had heard good things about Cartier . However , after a year , it stopped working . My husband thought that I purchased it from Cartier , and thinking that it was a Cartier watch , a Cartier Scottsdale boutique , run by Julie Bylow , accepted the watch and wanted my husband to find the warranty prior to servicing -LRB- she DID NOT mention to my husband at the time that if the Cartier Watch was purchased elsewhere , she would not honor the warranty -- MINOR DETAIL THAT SHE MISSED ! -RRB- . My husband came home and explained that they needed the warranty . I faxed the one that I received from Amazon , and explained to Ms. Bylow at Cartier that Amazon had a special address to send the watch to and if she could please send it back to us to get it repaired . She would not give us the watch back . She still has it.Ms . Julie BYLOW from Cartier Scottsdale , AZ , sent it in anyway for servicing and now wants us to pay over $ 600 for repairs for a watch that we can get covered by the warranty elsewhere for free . $ 600 repairs for a new watch we spent over $ 6000 for and it was still new . Cartier should service this for free , or give it back so we can get it serviced elsewhere . Neither is possible.Ms . Bylow never provided us an estimate prior to sending it off , which it explicitly states was necessary in the Cartier paper work she would do if she were to service this watch at a cost . We provided her this documentation but she still wo n't budge . The store will not provide us our watch back . We now have to file with our insurance this egregious act performed by Julie Bylow of Cartier . We are now trying to resolve with Cartier Corporate , but have not received any resolve - and Julie Bylow has not provided any other contact to resolve her mistake on servicing our watch without our approval or review of any estimate . To this day , I do n't even know what the $ 600 + is for , since she has not provided me a mailed -LRB- she has my home address -RRB- or scanned -LRB- she has my email -RRB- estimate!Does Amazon have any advice on how to retrieve our watch which we never authorized to be serviced for a cost at Cartier ??? Help!I highly encourage you as a fellow consumer never to buy a watch from Cartier with this poor mismanagement of my husband 's watch . I will write back if this is resolved , but currently , Cartier will not provide back my husbands watch , and of course the warranty is running out during this time !
 Este reloj es de mala calidad , muy bonito su acabado pero el mecanismo interno no sirve , todo el mundo lo comenta , lo compre en diciembre y desde que llego no funciona , tiene problemas con le mecanismo . es una estafa pues esta falla es bien conocida por Invicta , deber&iacute;an recoger todos estos modelos .
 **** UPDATED June 7 , 2012 **** At first glance , WOW . Unfortunately , that is where it also ends.The problems with the watch begin in the sub-dials . In different types of light , they seem to almost disappear , or get lost in the reflecting light off the surface of the dial . -LRB- Click on the image above to see for yourself about the hands becoming lost on the dials . Even though in the picture , the only hand that shows what I am talking about is the date dial , but in real life , all three react in a similar way -RRB- . **** The date dial is only numbered halfway , the rest of the numbers are actually thin little dashes between the numbers . This makes it hard to read and slightly tricky to set because it is hard to tell what number or dash it is on . Another thing about the dashes , there is no dash between 31 and 1 -LRB- for obvious reasons -RRB- , so it almost looks like 311 , not that you can really tell with how small the numbers are.The bottom sub-dial is also poorly designed . It is also can be somewhat hard to read because like the date dial , it is numbered halfway with thin dashes between the numbers and because of that , some may find it tricky to set as well.On to the third dial , it displays the day ; surprisingly this dial is clearly displayed , but needing to know the day is not that important , that an entire dial needs to be dedicated to it . The dial should have been left out and the other dials made larger.The last problem with the sub-dials is the buttons that set them . The buttons can not be locked , so if they are bumped or pressed by accident , the hand of that dial moves . The date can become several days off what it really is , and the time on the lower dial can become hours off . This can happen easily and without knowing . According to Invicta 's manual
 I bought this watch in November . It stopped working in March , intermittently it would not run . I changed the battery , no luck . I sent it to Invicta in April . I called them today . The ship these overseas for repair ! ETA for it to be sent back to me is Late June ! Nice watch , unless it stops running ! They also charge $ 20.00 for the pleasure of not having a watch !
 I bought this watch for my Husband on Valentines Day . Very nice looking watch if you do n't mind the time always being off . I read all of the time setting warnings and still the watch would not keep time for more then a day . Very poor quality when it comes to how it runs . If your one of those people who do n't care about the time and want a bracelet that looks like a watch , this is the one for you . Would not buy this brand ever again . I feel horrible that this beautiful watch that I got for a great deal runs like something out of a cracker jack box . At least he would have had a snack with that .
 I should have payed more attention to the reviews . The negative ones are all true ! I got this watch for my anniversary and in a month it started collecting condensation inside it . Luckily I was barely within the return time with Amazon . So I exchanged it for another . The second one kept getting caught on it 's own hands until it stopped all together after 3 weeks . More research showed Invicta is a rip off to many . Invicta does n't honor warranties and products are marked down 75 % becasue that is their actual price . A good marketing scheme for a cheap watch .
 I received the product without working properly , it had a mechanical problem with one needle . I sent to do a internal cleaning locally , and now its working .
 I bought this Invicta and the first time I went to a swimming pool all the water entered into the watch . I 'm gon na submit images of the watch for you guys to see the water inside the crystal . This product shows '50 m water resistant ' -LRB- 165 Feet -RRB- but the pool has only 2 meters -LRB- 6.5 Feet -RRB- deep !!! A complete disappointment , 80 dollars thrown down the drain !
 You can not set the date and GMT being 22:00 and 16:00 , under penalty of breaking the mechanism and loss of warranty . How can you prevent someone press the buttons to be thinking about a chronograph ? Also the subdials are very small and difficult to spotting day , date and GMT ! Sory my bad english . From Brasil .
 I agreed with some of the reviewers , at first glance , this watch looked gorgeous and felt solid.But the watch stopped working after several weeks . I had bought my wife another Invicta watch in the same order last December 2010 , too bad her watch stopped functioning too a few days later after mine.Instead of using the warranty , where the shipping costs itself -LRB- international shipments -RRB- might cost more than the servicing fees , we decided sending these 2 watches to local shops for repair.If you 're buying these invicta watches for yourself , it 's ok . At least the staff at local shops greeted us warmly , pity that we 've paid a few hundred dollars for these new watches . But if you plan to buy this watch as a gift to friends , think twice , once the watch stopped working , it could be the most embarrassing moment and you might never know the real reason when getting that weird looks from friends.I wanted to be kind and given an extra star for its solidness and low price . But if 2 watches -LRB- out of 3 I bought -RRB- stopped ticking after severeal weeks , what good for its solid appearance?If you must buy Invicta , lower the expectations , and you 'll be less bothered by any shortcoming.p.s .
 I bought this watch because of the crystal , but it 's not good . It 's like a mineral crystal . The flame fusion crystal is not strong . I 'm disappointed because the watch has scratches and it is 1 year old . If you want it for the protection that you will have on the crystal , not buy this kind of watches . I have watches with sapphire crystal with more than 5 years and it does n't have any scratches . I 'm not comparing the kind of crystals , but the flame fusion crystal is not strong . It 's sad because the watch is so nice .
 WITHIN 4 MONTHS OF THE ACTUAL USE OF THIS WATCH , THE GOLD PLATED CASE MATERIAL STARTED FADING . IT ALREADY LOOKS LIKE A 2 TONE -LRB- ROSE GOLD & SILVER -RRB- WATCH . THIS IS JUST SO UNACCEPTABLE FOR A WATCH OF THIS KIND .
 Really liked the look of this watch , good size . However , was basically broken on arrival and did not want to fuss with a replacement . Was surprised because I own several other Invicta watches and the quality has been top-notch . Maybe just a lemon ?
 VERY disappointed with purchase . I received the watch with a dead battery and it cost me $ 26.00 to replace the battery and secure the water proofing with the new battery . I emailed Amazon to reimburse me for the cost of the battery and installation as it is not fair to me to have to pay for a new battery on a brand new watch but they did not respond .
 I was expecting a nice two tone watch that looked professional for interviews , and eventually return to work , and I am also updating my entire wardrobe . As soon as I opened the box , I was not happy . The gold and silver both look washed out , fake . I know it 's not real gold and silver in purity , but the washed out colors made it look a very small fraction of what I paid . It is not professional looking , and I was not at all impressed by the microscopic date display . You can barely see the number of the day , and I have good vision . I returned it for a refund , and will probably go with a trusted Fossil instead next try . I would not recommend this product to anyone who wants to get what they paid for .
 Received watch DOA . Called customer service to have them arrange a return . Waited about 2 weeks and it never came . Had to waste more of my time doing the return stuff myself . The watch being DOA made for an unhappy brithday recipenent .
 It works pretty good and it is quite exact , but ... it is engraved on back of it , WATER RESISTANT 3 ATM , I got it for 5 min into the water no deeper than 50cm -LRB- children pool -RRB- and that was it . Thank you Erik Edelhausen .
 Not worth 198 bucks at all . It is a pretty watch , I got a lot of compliments for it . If you look closely at the watch the Roman numeral 4 is IIII rather then IV . Seriously , how could you get that wrong ! That 's a blatant mistake and devalues this watch completely for me . Check out the photos on the site , every shot you CAN NOT see the mistake b/c they KNOW its there and they do not want to show it . Once you get it and you see it , its a huge disappointment . A watch that 's SUPPOSEDLY 600-700 bucks should not have such errors .
 A watch is too light to be made of st. steel , or steel is too thin . Looks small in the hand . More remind an fake what original . ` One of fixative string-courses on a small strap appeared half torn . Impressed with a box of watch , looks like a box of expensive jewelry , but I still bought the watch and not a box ...
 Received the watch as a gift from my husband , broke in less than 6 months . Replaced battery , so that was n't it ... ca n't return it since had to get the watch band adjusted -LSB- who does n't ? -RSB- - never again will I buy a watch from Amazon .
 I purchased this watch because I wanted two tone watch woth round dial but when I recieved it , I felt very disappointed as it was n't looking worth at all and packing was also broken . Its stoned are not shiny at all . You can get more nice watch in at this price . I wo n't recommend this product to anyone .
 I bought this from Macy 's about 4 years ago . Mine broke , they no longer carry it . The picture is IDENTICAL to the one I have . The one Amazon sent me is not . The crystals around the face are not boxed in like the picture . They are just pushed into the metal . Not anywhere as sparkly . I have n't been feeling good and I do n't have the energy to deal with sending it back . If the photo is exactly what you are looking for ... do n't order this . You wo n't get it. : p
 I love the look of the watch , but although it is supposed to be water resistant , the face fogs up after washing my hands . I 've only had it 4 months . It was also very difficult to remove links to fit a smaller wrist .
 Bought this for my wife and the heading says it all . She did not like anything about the watch so we wound up returning it .
 I would only purchase this watch if you have a large wrist . When I put the watch on , the band wrapped around so far that the end of it overlapped the watch face ! The strap is definitely a longer length than normal . I could have saved myself the hassle of returning it if the description of the watch would have included the length of the band .
 UPDATE
 This watch face is huge . It stands approximately one half inch deep . When I bend my wrist it digs into my forearm . The `` Flix '' system is a joke . I have to give my wrist whiplash to get it to light up . Then its hard to see because it has to be pitch black to see Indiglo face . I do like the Velcro band because it is big enough to fit my wrist . Unless you like big bulky watches look elsewhere . Sorry Timex .
 I ordered a puma watch and the problem was that it never came . I recieved a e-mail saying that it was canceled.It had no explanation why .
 When I first recieved this watch I was quite pleased with it and liked the way it looked.However a couple of weeks later the crown had fallen off -LRB- I noticed it sometime later -RRB- and now the watch is unuseable.I 'm pretty dissapointed with the quality of this watch since Timex has a history of providing durable and rugged watches and plan on contacting the Timex company to see whether or not their warranty will cover this defect .
 I bought this watch after reading reviews -LRB- both on Amazon and elsewhere -RRB- that indicated that it was both handsome and durable.When it arrived , it was , in fact , quite a handsome watch . Though it was less than $ 30 , it looked great on my wrist and fit perfectly . The Indiglo feature worked very well.The problem
 The watch is beautiful but the clasp is n't very secure and the watch could be easily lost
 If you 're a beginner in watch repairs , THIS KIT IS NOT FOR YOU.After 2 months of contacting Watch Pavillion , finally I received an email stating `` it 's self explanatory '' - NOT FOR A NOVICE who may need instructions so they do n't ruin their watches.BEGINNERS BEWARE - YOU ARE ON YOUR OWN .
 I do n't know why anyone gave this set 5 stars -LRB- unfamiliar with simple tools , or maybe the seller 's friends ! -RRB- , but these are a total waste of money , way overpriced -LRB- maybe worth $ 5 total -RRB- , extremely poor , soft metal , Chinese low quality junk . Not for anyone serious about watches , or wanting something that will last long . I would hate to see someone else end up with these based on the other positive reviews . `` Roll the dice '' if you like , but do n't say you were n't warned ! For the price of this set , these tools should be somewhat better . NOT RECOMMENDED !
 I received this tool set from my daughter for Christmas . Several of the tools were rusted and the set come with no instructions . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 It is over price by 5 times , the kits is ok but pay too much if buy it from shops . It is not completed kits.Once you get it , you also need to get few more to satisfy.I feel unsatisfy once I have it , I still look for different tools to repair and adjust my watch . 35 dollars for only 50 % of need and overprice 5 times from shop .
 pass this one by , first tool broke first time I used it . very poor quality
 You expect each of the tools in the Kit to be of decent quality ... most of these are not ... better to purchase individual tools of better quality ... which is what I now will do ! ... case is ok to hold the replacement tools you purchase .
 this watch has been great to wear , easy to use , and very comfortable ... until it filled up with water during my first swim with it on . I guess you get what you pay for . Other than the water resistance issue it has been excellant .
 I have problem with the water , its burry and misty . Timex Men 's Ironman 100-Lap FLIX System Watch #T 5E261Timex Men 's Ironman 100-Lap FLIX System Watch #T 5E261
 This watch has the potential to be an outstanding watch , at least for my purposes , with a large dial with day/date , chronometer , lap counter , alarms , elapsed time timer , lights with a flick of the wrist , etc. . Good for jogging , timing various processes e.g. barbecuing , wake up alarms , event alarms and so on.However , I only had this watch a little over a week when I went to switch from time to chronometer function to time cooking a steak , and all of the setting buttons became inoperable . The watch was `` stuck '' in the time mode , with , for some reason , the night illumination function on . Pushing any of the setting buttons in any sequence resulted in no change to the watch setting.I had an identical Timex watch before I purchased this new one , and it `` froze up '' also , but after about 2 years of use , which enabled me to rationalize purchasing a new one.Sooooo - Despite the fact that the potential utlity of this watch is outstanding for my requirements , if the potential ca n't be realized then the watch is useless . I will not buy another Timex of this model.I am very pleased with Amazon . The return and refund process was relatively easy i.e. printing a return label off the site , boxing the watch and dropping it off at UPS for shipment back to Amazon . Then , shortly after receipt of the returned watch I received an e mail indicating they were providing a refund , and a couple of days later , a credit was made to the credit card I used to purchase the watch . Because of this process , I have continued to purchase via Amazon .
 Pros - Big watch face and many featuresCons - Stopped working after 3 monthsI bought this watch to replace two other Timex watches . The other watches -LRB- 54391 -RRB- watchband broke both times . Due to their design , you need to ship it back to Timex to replace the watchband.So I decided to get another Timex with a Velcro watchband instead of a resin watchband . As the other reviewer mentioned , if you get the watchband wet , it really holds the moisture . The problem with that , other than being uncomfortable , it leaves a wet spot on your pants when your wrist is resting on your lap . Walking around with the appearance that you peed yourself is also uncomfortable.I emailed Timex about this problem and their resolution was to charge me $ 7.00 shipping and handling , plus the cost of shipping it to them , plus an additional charge if the issue is not covered under their one year warranty -LRB- i.e. battery -RRB- . After having purchased three defective Timex watches in under three years , I will never buy another Timex again nor recommend anyone else to do so .
 The watch seems second rate as the strap broke after one week and the coating on the face of the watch is peeling off .
 I am very dissapointed with the band on this watch . The band absorbs and holds moisture . The last thing I want while exercising is a sopping wet watch band around my wrist . This could cause irration and a rash . WHAT WAS THE DESIGNER THINKING ? Moreover , even when dry the band is rough to the skin and not comfortable to wear.I have liked Timex watches and felt the company was innovative and thoughtful in its watch designs . This watch band is neither innovative nor thoughtful in its design.I do n't even want to wear this watch . I really do n't think I should have to buy a new watch band for my brand new watch.Furthermore , Timex customer service is like dealing with a bunch of idiots . It is as if they read about 2 words of your email and then reply . I guess they think that if they keep feeding you stupid answers long enough , you 'll eventually go away
 There is a tab on the end of the strap that prevents it from going through the buckle with out great effort . Practically impossible to put the watch on . Either incredibly poor design of strap and buckle or the wrong size buckle was accidentally put on this watch .
 Watch band lasted 4 days then detached from the watch ! That 's unacceptable!Not sure what happened to the Timex Ironman watch brand . Too cheap to use a quality manufacturer , or they over stretched the model line and have no idea how to QA their product anymore . Probably it 's both . My first Ironman watch lasted about 4 years , or until I got really bored with it , and gave it to my dad . Then he kept it for 3 more years ! -LRB- Two Battery changes -RRB- The last few I have had , last about a year and began to fall apart . I am done with Timex . They have destroyed their brand with inferior product offerings . *** Kudos to Amazon 's return policy ! The one bright spot , was the very easy and pain free exchange process
 This watch was a real disappointment . It claims to be a watch built for the active lifestyle but fails to perform . The screen is great and it displays the time pretty well too , I 'll give it that , but the watch itself is built for someone with a desk job . The band literally snapped off the watch within 2 days of receiving it , and it never stays on the time either . With any wrist movement it will start shuffling through the modes and then snap off your wrist . It looks to be sturdy in the picture but watch band tie-in is a joke.Horrible watch for $ 50.00 . My advice is take your money elsewhere . This watch is a piece of junk .
 This is about my fourth or fifth Ironman/Marathon watch from Timex ... They are exceptionally reliable for the price , and I just need a day to day watch that can take a beating with workouts , etc. . I usually buy them at Target , but I was buying other stuff from Amazon and thought I would save myself the drive . Mistake!I have only had this watch for about 18 months ... mine usually last until the plastic band dry rots and cracks , which you can imagine is a long time . I unpacked this one , and noticed right away it had flaws in the plastic of the face , and within a week the pink paint had started chipping off the plastic . I kept it anyway ... should have sent it back , though -- Just this week the indiglo button died on me , and now the `` mode/pulse '' button wo n't work either . Piece of crap . Amazon , I will think twice about buying electronics from you again .
 This watch is very cheaply made . On the second day I wore it to work it stopped working . This watch is not waterproof . This was a complete waste of my time and money . I plan on returning it soon .
 This watch performed well and is a cool , sleek watch , but it died within one month , I will try to get a replacement battery for it , but I should n't have to .
 I thought this has been a good experience , but the first time my daughter wore the watch into the water -LRB- supposedly water resistant to 50 m -RRB- water appeared under the chrystal . Was the watch not really a Timex ? Was it jsut defective ? I am now trying to figure out , `` what now ? '' . Frustrating !!
 Wore this watch , brand new , twice in the RAIN -- not a hard rain , just average . First time , fogged up and the result is that the date is no longer readable . -LRB- One of the reasons I bought the watch was for the date display . -RRB- Second time , today , I am looking at the watch and there is water in the chrystal and the the display has all but disappeared . Unusable ! Horrible watch . I did n't even put it under water -- some rain just happened to hit it while I was walking my dogs . Timex is obviously not the quality brand that it once was . I guess their Marathon Watch is not for marathoners who dare to run in the rain . Good luck with that !
 This would be a great watch , if it actually was waterproof . As it states on the display , it is supposed to be water resistant to 50 meters . However , it is not . I swam with the watch a few times , and after about the third time , water got in the display to the point where I can not see the numbers . This is second time this has happened with this model . I contacted Timex , who were no help . I will not buy this again , and I do not recommend purchasing it if you intend to get it wet .
 I bought this watch when I started my re-entry into running . There were other models with more features -LRB- ie intervals would be nice -RRB- , but for a reasonably priced basic watch to get me started , it was great . I used it for an every day watch , but never for swimming or anything unusually hard on it . After 6 months , the display just disappeared.I tried getting a new battery - that was not the problem . Of course I ca n't find my receipt , and for the cost , it 's probably not worth the hassle of sending it back . But I wo n't buy another one . Too bad - great watch for the money - for about 6 months .
 I have written to you before about how disappointed I am with this purchase . I did return this watch once for repair , but nothing changed so evidently no repairs were ever made.Locally they tell me the watch needs a complete overhaul . A watch that I wore for about a week when I first received it , before it stopped working ! How you can be allowed to sell on this website I ca n't understand . Your customer service is the worst , and that says nothing about the defective watches you are pushing.I will be complaining to Amazon for as long as it takes to get you removed from their sellers list .
 The watch itself runs and looks OK . The real problem is when setting date and day . The screw in the crown has been poorly designed and it is a real a chore to set exact day and date .
 HiI have boghtCalvin Klein - CK Ladies Watch Flash K3424104 for 3 mouth ago but is feckin the Product Specifications say Water resistance 30 meter but I wear is and wash the dish at home the water just come in Easy . I will not gona buy anything from here FFFFFFFFFFFFFFeeeeeeeeeCCCCCCCCCCCkkkkkkkkkkkkkagain . FFFFFFFFFFFFFFeeeeeeeeeCCCCCCCCCCCkkkkkkkkkkkkkFFFFFFFFFFFFFFeeeeeeeeeCCCCCCCCCCCkkkkkkkkkkkkk
 I thought the white display on a black background looked cool in the photo but it turns out to be very dim and extremely hard to read . You need to be in a fully lit room and hold it at just the right angle for it to be legible . This is in sharp contrast to my old Timex Ironman watch -LRB- with the standard black display on a light background -RRB- which was easily readible under a variety of light conditions .
 Hmm , sorry there is n't a No Star option.I 've purchased this watch in green twice and both times it leaked-that is water appeared under the watch face . First time thought it was a fluke . Second time makes me very mad.I did snorkel with the watch but did not exceed the depth rating . Second watch just showered with it to produce leak.This is unacceptable for a sports watch.I have the same model but in blue and its still working , just worn and now grey .
 I have had two timex ironman watches - I gave one away and lost the other . I replaced it with this one - price was good and it looked nice . Howver , when i 'm running , unless the sun is directly on the face , i can not see it . And - when running and using the intervals , I can not hear the tones idicating the end of the interval . So - totally useless for these purposes .
 I have had the watch now for several weeks . I really wanted the black face because i thought it was cool . I read the reviews -- and was nervous because some people had trouble seeing the face . I have n't had much trouble , but I hate the light colored band . From the picture , i could n't tell if the black trim on the band turned completely black , as it got toward the back of the band , because that is the area that gets the dirtiest . But no , the band is green throughout and is grimy after three weeks . For a sporst watch , it certainly absorbs dirt .
 Although the watch probably tells time , I ca n't see it because the numbers do not show up brightly in the black face . It looks great on line , but it really is useless to me . I can see the numbers if I turn on the light , but who wants to push a switch every time they want to see what time it is ??? I am now paying for shipping both ways just to find out that the product ca n't be used . I will never order another product from Amazon that I have not seen in a store already . It is stupid to pay for shipping just to look at something that is n't any good and that can not be used .
 i like the look of this watch on the computer . . the blackface looks neat ... but in real like the numbers are really hard to see unless you are in direct light .
 Ca n't read watch without using light . This is no good since who wants to do this all the time . Do n't get watch with black background .
 The screen of this watch which appears bright white in the advertisement is actually a faded grey-brown . The sceen is readable in broad day light , but I do n't want to have to make an effort to move my watch into the light every time I want to know what time it is . I am sending mine back .
 For a men 's watch , I was rather disappointed . The watch is about the width of an average woman 's watch . The wrist strap is small ; the band is thinner than the width of my smallest finger . I 'm 5ft 11inches tall and I have an average man 's wrist . This watch is so small , I 'm on the last notch.The wriststrap is the smallest of any of the Nike watches I ever owned . I would strongly advise you to get the midsize 100 version if you are looking for a normal man 's watch . I was sorely disappointed.The lighting is subpar and not terribly bright . For some reason , nike decided to reverse the lighting , causing the watch face to go dimmer.I had high expectations since this is my second nike watch . I also felt disappointed that Nike abandoned the coin-open battery cover design on their earlier models to go for a decidedly clumsier micro screw panel.It 's a huge step backward .
 I ordered this product before Christmas this year , it looks like a really great product , standard 3-5 business day shipping . I got a `` confirmation '' the day I ordered it saying it had shipped , but no tracking information was available . It was expected to be here a week ago and never arrived . I contacted amazon , then the company I purchased from -LRB- watchgems -RRB- who claim that fedex `` lost it . '' Something tells me they just never sent it out ... They replied to my email almost instantly saying fedex lost it , how did they get ahold of fedex so quickly and find out that they lost it that quickly ? I would at lease expect SOME SORT of an `` investigation '' of where it went ... That 's why I think they never even bothered to send it . I did get a full refund , which was processed very quickly & it was nice to hear back from the company so promptly , but I really would have liked to receive the product I ordered . Oh well , hopefully better luck for you all .
 The face is so cool that you can barely read it . I liked having it as a `` dress watch '' I would n't mind running in . Was very sad when the band broke about 5 months into ownership . I guess it 's that other brand that ` takes a licking ... '
 One person described the Nike Imara Soar as a funky bracelet . That 's because they did not realise it was a watch - the display is very dark and can only be read with ease when the backlight is activated . Even in direct sunlight the digits are not easy to read .
 The band broke after 4 months . I was very desappointed . It is a very fragile watch . Do n`t buy it if you are thinking of playing sports with it .
 I love the look of this watch , as it 's small and interesting looking and attracts compliments . I also love that it 's a digital watch but not clunky or with a large interface . However , the band broke four months into wearing it . I sent it back since there is a year warranty and it 's not the kind of band you can replace . Now I am at my year mark of owning it , and the band is ready to go again . Do n't count on this watch for everyday wear .
 I bought this watch for everyday use . Unfortunately , the band is quite stiff and thick , making it very uncomfortable for me as I work on a computer almost all day . I also found the strap to be very difficult to latch/unlatch because it 's so stiff . I would n't recommend it .
 I love the look of this watch , as it 's small and interesting looking and attracts compliments . I also love that it 's a digital watch but not clunky or with a large interface . However , the band broke four months into wearing it . I sent it back since there is a year warranty and it 's not the kind of band you can replace . Now I am at my year mark of owning it , and the band is ready to go again . Do n't count on this watch for everyday wear
 I ordered this watch thinking cool , swiss and golf . I really looks like a golf ball . For a $ 100 novelty watch , I would definitely avoid it . The watch is nice , but looks incredibly cheesy . By a nice ESQ or a Movado . This will just make you look like a wan na be .
 You should know that Amazon is not involved in product Q&A with the majority of products sold through its online stores . Most items marketed through Amazon are really sold by third party vendors who pay Amazon a small fee for using its pipeline . I purchased this ESQ from World of Watches using Amazon 's point of sale , whereas you can see the vendor name indicated near the item pictured along with its selling price . World of Watches is one of the prominent third party vendors you will see using Amazon 's point of sale system . Personally , I wo n't do business with WOW again . If I see a watch I want on Amazon and World of Watches is the vendor listed , I find an alternate source for it . You may observe that the lowest price for a given watch is almost always found with a particular vendor , however there may be a good reason for that . World of Watches sent this ESQ with scratches on the case , pit marks in the crystal , and a second hand that stopped moving after a couple of days . Even * without * the stalled complication , I would have been forced to return it -- not for exchange , but for a full refund . I wo n't do business with a company that attempts to pawn off its defective or damaged merchandise hoping to make a quick sale . These vendors claim to carefully inspect customer returns for damage or signs of wear prior to processing an exchange or refund . How does a watch in such deplorable condition THEN go out the door to another buyer ? Simple . It goes out at a larger-than-usual discount in hopes the dolt who bought it wo n't notice or will consider himself lucky to have gotten a `` used '' watch at such a bargain price . I 've been buying watches off Amazon for a while now and this is happening about 50 % of the time . I 've received torn bands , nicked cases , damaged presentation boxes , etc. . Quite often , the second hand will be poorly aligned to the indices . These are watches that wo n't sell for anywhere near full price in major mall outlets ; they get scuttled to various Internet stores and marked down up to 80 % off MSRP so they can be unloaded . It 's fine to accept a minor cosmetic flaw or structural quirk when they do n't affect the function or even appearance of an item except on very close inspection -- if you believe the price for your * used * item is fair . The ESQ sold to me by W.O.W. would not have been acceptable even as a gift . I consequently did n't permit them to do an exchange . I later bought the watch from another vendor , blemish free and in perfect working condition . Bottom line
 Length :
 The unit looks well built and sits on the drawer pretty cool as all other reviewers noted . However , it just does not keep my only automatic watch working . My watch is a Tag Heuer WAJ2150 and as far as I and local Tag Heuer service are concerned , there is nothing wrong with it . I tried all available rotation rates/day to no avail . Once put in the cabi ` net , the watch stops after some time -LRB- 4 to 20 hours depending on how much it has been winded prior to being inserted -RRB- . I contacted the seller who gave me a call on my mobile almost instantly and asked me to try different settings which I did , but still no solution . The gentleman was very kind , he didnt seem to understand what may have been wrong with the unit and sounded genuinely interested to find a solution but after all , the unit is not doing what it is supposed to do and I am stuck with it as the return fee would prove ridiculously high for me as I reside in Turkey.One other thing is that the pads are a bit oversized . I am a guy with rather thin wrists and I ended up having to tear one of them and take some of the foam out before sewing it back again .
 After reading the reviews , I thought this would be a great buy , unfortunately I will be returning it soon . The watch is rather big , not something that I usually mind , but it is too thick . The chain band is too big for my wrist , it 's elastic and looks kinda cheap . The other leather bands are poorly made -LRB- I think -RRB- the leather is tough and the band itself is rather thick and poofy . They have a patent leather like shine and quality to them . The colors are also less than stellar , the black actually looks grey . Overall , I did n't like the look of this watch at all . In my opinion , it looks cheap .
 Watch face larger than expected , but did enjoy wearing it . The first time I dropped it , the face shattered and watch stopped working . Very disappointed in how easily it broke . Better off with a Timex .
 On the website this watch looked much better . Now that I got it I am kind of disappointed . It does n't look like the price I paid for it . The stainless steel band looks horrible . I thought it had a clasp , but it 's an expandable slide on . When i read the website I think I mistook expandable for adjustable . It 's really not cute .
 I had to return this watch . It did n't work . I have not idea if it was just the battery or what -LRB- it did not have that little plasic insert which is suppose to keep the battery from running when I first received it -RRB- . It was a very nice looking watch and if I had the time , I would have tried a replacement , but I needed a watch immediatly , so I ordered a timex instead .
 Watch is fine , but vendor did not include the instruction manual or warranty papers with watch and very fancy box . Left them email message and they replied the papers were `` inadvertantly left out '' and promised to send the materials , but have seen nothing in the mail . They can correct this problem any time and I 'll update this review .
 Although this watch seems well made and is very attractive , I returned it to the vendor . The stiff plastic band was NOT comfortable and is a custom design which does NOT lend itself to being replaced with any other quality band -LRB- like leather -RRB- . The watch DOES come alternatively with a stainless steel band , but the vendor did not offer this and the price is considerably higher when so equipped elsewhere.Also , the band was too long and there is no attractive solution to shortening it other than to lob the perfectly formed end off , rendering it with a `` hacked-up '' look .
 I never come ste product in the address Guess Women `` s Waterpro gold-tone Crystal Accented Watch # 11609L
 The color started wearing off the band with very little use . . First problem ever with a seiko watch -LRB- 20 years -RRB- . . love the seiko product !
 I own the men 's version of this watch , which has the same type of unique watchband , which is made out of denim fabric.The watchband is only available from Movado.I wore out the original watchband within 8 months , and the second one only lasted 6 months.The watchband costs $ 200 , so factor in spending $ 200 - $ 400 a year just for the watchband.I will not buy another watchband , so this Movado will never be worn again .
 This is obviously an attractive watch , and fairly good quality.HOWEVER , the leather band is very flimsy , and when , in a few months , you need to replace it you will discover that Skagen charges $ 32 for the replacement band , which is unavailable elsewhere . Furthermore , the silvertone frame around the watchface scratches up very easily . And the frame has openings that are so narrow that most plain leather bands will not fit into the opening -LRB- it does not have pins to hold the band in place , just a slot with screws to tighten it . I would DEFINITELY not recommend this watch ... there are too many other good options for a classy , classic watch without these kind of monopolistic business practices embedded . Do n't drink the kool-aid ...
 Its a very nice watch , however when they say slim , they mean it !! I almost needed a magnifying glass to see anything on the watch . Needless to say , I returned it .
 I purchased this watch for my Husband , but it was TOO bulky , showy and heavy . He did not like it at all . It is not good for every day use either .
 === ORIGINAL REVIEW === I love the look and feel of this watch . I was never drawn towards shiny stainless steel bands , but this black ion band looks nice and feels nice.I got the watch this past Saturday in the mail . Went on a flight to Nassau Bahamas on Sunday . Wore the watch for the first time and went swimming by the hotel beach on Monday . The darn thing died no sooner than 15 minutes after I entered the water . I was n't even `` skin diving '' ... the watch never experienced any water deeper than 5 feet.Major bummer . Under 3-year warranty -- gon na try to get it repaired . === UPDATE === SCA -LRB- Seiko 's authorized service center in North America - only 1 location -RRB- came back with an email . This email outlines $ 180 worth of OUT-OF-WARRANTY service . I asked them why -- they said `` Unfortunally BLINGDAILY.COM is not an authorize retailer from Seiko ; therefore we do not honor the three manufacturer warranty . `` Just so you know ... if you want to buy this watch , prospective customers , Seiko wants you to ask the store to see if they are an authorized retailer . If not , you get ZERO WARRANTY coverage . It 's like Seiko does n't want to repair their own shoddy workmanship.I know some watch companies will service the watches they made regardless where you bought it from . Do n't buy Seiko because you trust their name .
 This watch sucks . It does n't work at all . Unfortunately for me , I opened the packaging after the 30 day refund date so I could n't return it or exchange it . I would give it zero stars if I could . You get what you pay for apparently .
 This watch worked for one day . When I tried to set the time , the buttons did not work , so I had to take the back off . Once put back together , the watch worked for one day .
 I bought this product and I regreted . It was not working when I took it out of the box . I thought it was a battery out of juice and replaced it . It ran for about two hours and it stopped again . Then I noticed the watch was n't working at all . The minutes hand `` vibrated '' everytime the second hand moved . Very cheap material . I ca n't believe Jeep put its brand in such poor quality watch . Unfortunately , I was not able to return the product . I bought when I was abroad and by the time I came back home , it has passed a whole month . Be aware . Do n't waste your money .
 I love Burberry and wanted this watch for a while . I finally bought it and was thrilled to see how nice it looked on ... One problem
 Watch was purchased as a Birthday gift for our son ... while he initially liked it very much , liked the look of it , liked it 's various features ... like soon turned to disgust for all of us ... The watch literally worked for a day , then stopped working ... our son contacted the place which we purchased it from , they said that they were a `` music store '' and would not , could not fix it . He then asked to have it replaced , they said no could n't , would n't do that either . So he ended up taking it to a local jewelry store , paid roughly $ 50 to have it -LRB- this brand new watch -RRB- repaired . I 'm the father who used Amazon -LRB- my first time , wife has used Amazon a number of times -RRB- to purchase the watch , from this experience -LRB- just wrong , either fix it or replace it -RRB- I wo n't be using Amazon again , and it certainly has put a `` bad taste in our mouth '' with my wife and son as well ... !
 the military numbers are too small to read in daylight , and worse for a night working nurse .
 the watch is heavy thin perfectly flawless.i got one for myself and one for my brother oversea.my lasted about 6 years.the material is shiny like a mirror.but they do get scratch over long periord on the desk , cause i work in front of a computer.the crowd seal broke , water got in , that was the end of it.not made to last.i would buy another one if it is 400 bucks not 1700 $ forger bout it .
 The watch I received was not the same watch shown when I purchased it . The watch I received did not have the Seiko name nor the numbers on the face as shown . The watch I received did not have a blue background either . The band and watch face border were the only things that were the same as the watch shown.I returned it and was promptly given a full refund .
 Despite the Wenger packaging , this is certainly not the same watch band that came with the watch . It cracked and peeled the first day . I have worn this new band less than 10 times and the band has cracked almost through . Junk ! Junk ! Junk !
 This is the second watch we ordered . First one leaked after my girl went swimming with it . We ordered another one thinking that we will be lucky the second time around ... well , we were not . This watch is supposed to be water resistanct to 20m , but it did n't even hold 1 meter underwater . We 've lost all confidence in Timex watches .
 I have had the silver version of this watch for 6 months and have had it repaired twice so far . The mechanism jams and the watch will not work . It is relatively easy for a watch repairer to unjam but the problem still exists and will cost more than the value of the watch to completely fix it.I have also heard that the main spring is likely to break if you overwind it .
 The Avalon Mechanical Pocket Watch # 8619G received this date is not the pictured watch used to sell it . The internal parts are not totally golden . This is not a $ 235.05 / $ 115.00 . This watch has become very a unpleasant purchase .
 From the pictures it looks like a great watch , but the pics are decieving , the face of the watch is only the size of a penny , if that . A bit small -LRB- which looks feminine -RRB- for a 9 yr old boy . Otherwise nice watch
 I was trying desperately to get my 5 year son an ideal watch for his 6th birthday , beeen looking at watches for at least 2years now trying to get the perfect one . Settled on this one because its blue , moderate face size , and band not too slim . However when this watch arrived i could never give a little girls watch to my son , it is the exact oppersite of what i expected -LRB- bought -RRB- . I was mislead into beleiving that this watch was a watch suitable for boys . My son is a boy and will grow up to be a 100 % genuine , gentleman nothing other , I HAAAAAAATE the watch .
 I received a Casio Waveceptor watch as a gift , and was thrilled with the accuracy and coolness factor of having an `` atomic watch '' . That ended abruptly when the battery died . For starters , that happens quicker than you 'd expect with a normal watch , since the process of receiving the radio signal takes a lot of battery power to accomplish . Then there 's the process you must go through to get the battery changed.I went to several places , starting with Wal-Mart and ending with a dedicated watch store . All of them told me the same thing
 I wanted to like this watch , but could n't . If you want a decent atomic watch , get one of the timex ones , such as `` Timex 1440 Sports Radio Control 50041 '' or `` Timex 1440 Sports Radio Control 50031 '' . I have the 50041 and it has no trouble receiving the time in Washington State.This casio was the smallest and lightest of the casio waveceptors but is still way too big .
 Had it for a year and a half.Loved the accuracy . Lots of features and bells and whistles . Neat when you first get it , but you do n't really use them much.I 'll echo the comment that the buttons are too hard to activate.Watertight seal failed at the year and a half point.Will buy another Waveceptor type watch , but not this one .
 I like the watch and it works well but I ca n't use it because the plastic band broke after I had it just a few days and I do n't know how to replace it .
 I live in a major metro area in the NW and can get a clear signal about 10 percent of the time . I live on a hill and the weather does n't seem to be a factor . That would not be so bad , but adjusting the time manually is quite complicated . Save the watch manual for reference ! The pure-silver version of this watch looks nice but with most watches being very accurate , `` downloading '' the absolute correct time is pointless .
 First got a modem , not a watch ; then got a silver round faced watch ; then got another silver round faced watch . After 3 tries I gave up .
 Just an FYI for people that may be purchasing this to fit a small wrist - it does not ajdust that much .
 The watch while nice looking is much too laqrge for the average wrist , if it were smaller it would be an ideal addition to one 's jewelry collection
 This watch does not measure up to all that it says . I bought this watch in July of this year and it does not keep time . I change the battery and still does not keep time it is not water resistant the watch misted up . I have not contacted Famous Brand Watches who sold it to me to get feed back . But it is a waste of money go for a Casio Instead .
 Skagen advertises this watch with a super hard crystal . I now have two of these watches with cracked faces . I bought the second watch because they are beautiful.Well its true - beauty is only skin deep.I definitely will not buy Skagen again.I went to Tissot and Seiko Titanium.Buy quality.Keith
 This watch met my expectations , it needs to have more adjustable links that you can remove to make it smaller , but it is a fashionable looking watch . And Timex still p.uts out a reliable watch
 This is a beautiful looking watch which arrived DOA . It was as unmovable as Mount Rushmore . There are only three possibilities for its lack of motion .1 . It was broken .2 . It has no battery . I did not attempt to see if there was a battery in the watch .3 . The battery was dead.I suspect that 3 is the most likely explanation for its terminal condition . Regardless , I 'm sending it back for a refund . It 's too bad as the watch is slim and very attractive . I own a lot of watches ; this is the first that did n't run even for a second .
 Update : This watch stopped working two days ago . Not sure if the battery is dead or the watch has bit the bullet . Anyway , I attempted to contact Amazon to return the watch , but the window has expired for a refund.I am a little disappointed because this watch worked great in the past . I am hoping a battery replacement will be enough . _____________________________________________________________________________________________________ I 've owned this watch before for about 8 years . It worked perfect . It has a simple nice face and a leather band to give and take when your risk gives and takes from time to time . After the watch died , I looked high and low for the exact same watch . I could n't find it . I was sadden because I really wanted the same watch , but to no avail was I successful in locating this watch . I ended up buying a similar watch with a simple face and leather band from Costco . It was a nice watch , but it lost 3 minutes per month and that was a irritating to know about this watch from Costco . Nevertheless , I wore the watch for 3 years until it died . I went on Amazon.com and did a search for the brand name watch that I wanted to replace in the first place , which was Skagen . Glory-be ; I could n't believe my eyes . I clicked on the link and found the watch to be exactly the same as I had before.The reviews were good , but that was not the reason why I bought this watch . I bought this watch , because it kept excellent time did n't lose a minute and the only time I had to set the time was when Daylight Savings needed adjusting.I recommend this watch because it is a good watch . You can wear this watch to work , out on a date , an even out with your wife , or just to any place , but recommend not wearing while swimming . The reason why the watch died before was because I wore it at the beach so much that the salt air had corroded the stem . So , no more wearing this watch at the beach ; I 'll wear my cheapies for the beaches.I hope I have helped you in your decision whether to buy this watch .
 It was a nice watch for 4 months , then the stem pulled right out when I went to reset the time . Since Amazon is not a licensed Skagen dealer , you get Amazon 's warranty which only covers the internal moving parts of the watch . $ 70 in the trash .
 I purchased this exact watch from another dealer . The watch is attractive , but the 61/2 inch length is short and I needed an additional link for the bracelet . I was told to call Movado who would send up to 2 links at no charge . At this price , I certainly expected that ! I called customer service and they gave me a confirmation number , and said they would send me the link I needed in about 3 weeks . Then ... nothing . I called back after a month , they told me there is a charge of $ 150 per link so they had , on their own , cancelled the order , and never bothered to called me . I will NEVER buy anything Movado again .
 The quality is lacking . The band is thin and feels cheap . The buckle is flimsy . For a few dollars more you can get a quality product .
 I bought this watch in Dec 2003 when it first came out . Within one year the case started to corrode . The corrosion got so bad that the case is now cutting into my skin . I called Timex Customer Service and was told that the case is iron not stainless steel and that happens due body sweat . Bottom line the watch is only good for two years .
 I was impressed with the sleek look and feel of the watch even though the face seems somewhat thicker than most watches . However , it makes unusually loud ticks . I have to keep it in a drawer at night to prevent me from hearing it while trying to sleep . I can even hear the watch tick if I 'm wearing it in a quiet room or library . Others have also commented to me that they can hear my watch tick . Maybe I am the only one that has this problem or I 'm just overly sensitive to unusually loud watch ticks .
 As a nurse I need a watch with an adequate size face and a sweeping second hand . This watch was perfect in that regard , however , after only a month and a half the clasp just fell off !! Timex really goofed on this one . What a disappointment !
 This watch stopped working after eight months . A change of battery did not help . My SECOND Timex watch I bought after this one died after TWO months . Timex Customer Service wants me to pay to ship it to them AND $ 7.00 to have it shipped back to me after `` fixing '' it . These watches suffered no abuse . I have 50 years using Timex and these were the first problem . They must be making a shoddier product . Very unsatisfactory service .
 I was happy to receive the watch on the next business day as promised , but I quickly noticed it did not have the velcro band as promised . I thought I 'd set the date and time and wear it for a few days and maybe the lack of the velcro band would be forgivable and I would accept it as is . But that was n't all there was to the story . When I tried to set the date per the instructions -LRB- yes , I do read instructions -RRB- , which said to pull the stem out to the mid point to set the date . I could pull it out one notch , but no further . I used more force to try to get the stem to the mid point , and what I got was the watch in one hand , and the stem lying on the carpet across the room . Fortunately I was able to replace the stem , only to have the same thing happen on my next two tries . Watch in one hand , winding stem in the other . I nevercould set the date , so enough is enough , at only thirty bucks I still expect the watch to work . Not happening . The watch went back . Maybe I just got a defective product and others will be luckier.However , fool me once , shame on you . Fool me twice , shame on me . I ordered another watch of the same product family . This time I got the velcro band , but I also got the ole `` stem in hand '' trick I got from the previous watch . I 'm still debating whether or not to send the second one back , or to say shame on me and consider it my foolish loss for ordering a second one from the same product line as the first , only to get the same results . This is not like Timex . I 've had many of their watches over the years , and while they were low cost , they were not cheap . These two were definitely CHEAP !
 I received the watch earlier then expected . But was sadly disappointed in the quality!I returned and bought a G-SHOCK . Never going back to anything else !!!! PRO.-Looks good-Feels good-Feels physically strong-Good customer serviceCON-Indiglo light was not lighting the whole watch face.-Have to reset date every month !!! - Seconds hand was not in sync !
 This is not what I expected from TIMEX . Got this watch today and when I pulled out the stem to set date and time , the whole stem came out of the watch . It was also hard to grab the stem to even pull it out . It was so recessed that it became a chore pulling it out . At one time TIMEX was very good quality . I did not pay much for this watch , maybe that should have been my first clue . Oh well , live and learn .
 I had owned a similar model of Timex watch for over 10 years that kept perfect time . It would still be going strong had it not been for an overzealous , yet utterly incompetent repairman 's attempt to change the battery . At any rate , I bought this one new , sight unseen with full faith and trust in the Timex brand . Turns out that I should have done my homework , because after a few months I 've started to have the same problem that a number of other reviewers have mentioned
 This watch fit the bill perfectly ... for about two weeks . The adjustment knob tapped against a table and popped right out of the watch . Timex watches used to be made fairly well , I had my last one for about 12 years before it need replacing . Apparently , that time has come to an end .
 I picked out this model several years ago as a watch that I could use , but one that I easily replace if damaged on the job . It worked out great . Fast forward to Dec 2011 as I was activated and deployed to Afghanistan . I took the watch with me , but lost it enroute . Once in Afghanistan , I ordered another one exactly like my last . Order arrived promptly , and I started wearing the watch . Today , which is two days after I received it , the time adjustment pin fell out . Now the watch is useless . It seems to me that another review I read prior to purchase indicated the same problem . I always had good luck with Timex watches , but not with this current model . Will I own another Timex ? I probably will , but am disappointed with this purchase .
 I really like the minimalist style of this watch , but the noise created by the second hand is so loud that it keeps me from sleeping . I can even still hear it when I curl my hand around it . Do n't buy this watch unless you have moderate hearing damage . The noise is too annoying and this thing is going back to the store .
 THE WATCH WAS WHAT I EXPECTED . INEXPENSIVE . EASY TO READ , NO BELLS OR WHISTLES . JUST WHAT I WANTED FOR YARD WORK . BUT . THE BAND WAS WAY TOO SHORT TO FIT MY WRIST . MY WRIST IS 71/2 INCHES AROUND . THAT IS A SMALL WRIST . THE WATCH BAND BARELY MADE IT AROUND THE WRIST . WHEN IT WAS BUCKLED THE BAND WOULD NOT FIT INTO THE LOOP TO HOLD IT IN PLACE -LRB- TOO SHORT -RRB- I FIGURED SINCE THE WATCH WAS MADE IN CHINA THEY USED THEIR WRIST SIZES TO SIZE THE BAND.THIS WATCH MIGHT BE GOOD FOR KIDS BUT NOT AN ADULT . IF THEY CONTINUE THIS PRACTICE THEY SHOULD PROBABLY SELL THE WATCH AND ALLOW YOU TO BUY A BAND SEPERATELY BECAUSE YOU WILL BE BUYING A NEW BAND ANYWAY.I HAVE E-MAILED TIMEX ABOUT THIS PROBLEM BUT HEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE DEPT. MUST ALSO BE IN CHINA SINCE I HAVE YET TO GET A RESPONSE.IF YOU CAN BUY THE WATCH WITHOUT THE BAND DO SO . IF NOT DO N'T PAY RETAIL .
 I have had two of these watches and the resin case on both of them broke on the upper left side where the band connects to the watch . The watch kept good time but that serves no purpose if the case is broken and you ca n't wear the watch . I will never buy another Timex watch with a resin case .
 From about the third day of wearing the watch I noticed in 24 Hrs . it would lose a couple of minutes . At first two to five minutes . Now as of this review its gone to as much as 20 minutes slow . Very surprised . This is a `` Timex '' watch?I have had them in the past and they would run , and run and keep good time.This watch is a piece junk !!! And WOULD NOT tell anyone to buy one . Which I thought I would never say this about a , `` TIMEX '' watch.A . M.P. B. G. Fl .
 Lovely watch but it is on the large scale . If you have small wrists like the majority of the females i know then it wo n't fit you , despite being for women
 Lovely watch but it is on the large scale . If you have small wrists like the majority of the females i know then it wo n't fit you , despite being for women
 The watch I received was damaged and I need to send it back - I emailed Watchzone and they have not sent me a reply . I would like instructions on how to send it back for a full refund .
 I thought that it was very odd that a TAG Heuer Carrera Watch would cost only $ 149 , even though it was used . I ordered the watch and then received an email from the seller asking if I read the ad description . Well the product description described the watch but as I looked further , I found that the seller is not selling the watch but is deceptively selling just the band . After I canceled the order I received an email from the seller telling me that I should have known it was too good to be true and that I would be hard pressed to find a watch under $ 2000 . I just hope that the seller is not allowed to deceive other potential Amazon customers from what is normally a pretty reliable process . For someone that is serving their country in Afghanistan I do rely on the goodness of truth in advertising on Amazon . My money is earned at risk to my life .
 Received this watch today . It was not running when opened and the perpetual date was set wrong . The Indiglo works so 7 yr battery is functioning . Got watch to run by tapping it but always stops in a few seconds . Can change date manually but it always returns to same wrong date and then watch may or may not start running again . Why would any outlet ship such defective merchandise ?
 Irritates the skin and pulls the hair into it . Also , I had to pay an additional 12.00 plus shp . to lengthen the band , but it did n't solve the problem .
 The watch looked good , but there are two problems . First , when I opened the box the moment i received it , i found there were no warranty card and no user 's manual except two flyes about the watch . Second and the most important problem is that in the past few days the watch stops frequently without movements after some short time . I wore the watch every time and everywhere , even when i was having a bath or when i was playing basketball , but still i found it stopped at 3 o'clock one morning , and 5 another morning , and 7 another morning . Therefore , I did n't know what the time is when i woke up and I had to adjust the watch everyday i opened my eyes . I wonder what is wrong with it and what i can do with that . Thanks a lot .
 Only after 1 month 's normal wear , a gear dropped from the caliber -LRB- ETA 2824-2 -RRB- and sticked inside , I sent it back to Amazon 6 weeks before but it 's still under working ~ ! Never buy it and I will never buy a Tissot watch again ~ !
 THis was a reminder of the best reason NOT to shop online - Sometimes photos lie . The photo showed a large looking lite brown leather watch in reality once it arrived , watch was small dark leather and very girlish looking urg ! very disapointing . I gave it to a gay friend of mine .
 This watch is very misleading . It has a 99 lap function , but when you split the laps up , you ca n't go back and look at the times for past laps . So , if you run 3 laps and hit `` split '' at the end of each lap , it will take the time for lap 1 , lap 2 , and lap 3 plus give you a total time . However , you ca n't go back and look at the time for lap 1 or 2 !! This makes the lap feature on the watch essentially worthless . I ca n't even believe they would advertise that as a feature for this , it is a fatal flaw . If you want a cheap watch that has a chrono that you will not need to do splits/laps with , then this is a fine watch for that . But I rate it poorly because I was duped into thinking this has a lap function , which is does not .
 Had the watch for two weeks before i went swimming my max depth was 8 feet , far less then the 100m then the watch can supposedly handle . water got in the watch and shorted the thing out and its no good now . the $ 10 watches at walmart have lasted me longer and have been through far worse
 Everything else works well , but the reason I bought this was to see the time at night , without indiglo , it does n't matter that everything else works .
 To bad I have to do this , but the case is NOT metal and the crystal is NOT mineral . It is a PLASTIC case and a PLASTIC crystal . A call to Timex before I bought the watch indicated that the case was metal . It is not , but the back , as normal , is . The strap is not just nylon , it is nylon and leather . Come one Amazon . I have to dock all these stars because of this?That said , the set-up of the watch seems to be very intuitive for me with modes actually spelled out . The bezel material is rubber , which I like . The backlight shines THROUGH the numerals , not the background , which I also like . The back uses 4 small screws . I also like that it does not beep every time I press a button.CONCLUSION
 This is a crappy junk watch . Buttons are frustrating to use . Band is uncomfortable , and the thing is ugly as sin . As soon as you change the battery the sound stops working , the chrono stops working . It still tells time . Big whoop . I HATE THIS WATCH .
 Pro 's : - This is a very sharp looking watch , I like the styling.Con 's : - Rubber gasket around the winder came off within a week . It still looks fine , but up close you can see something is missing.-Over the course of a week I 've had to correct the time three times . Once was after not wearing it for two days , so that is fine . One adjustment was a correct of three minutes , and another was 20 minutes.I like the styling enough that I 'll give it a few more days . Any additional issues and it will go back . It is definitely not worth the `` list price '' . I caught a 20 % off sale from the Amazon 's price . The watch would have been returned already if I had paid the full amazon price -LRB- $ 180 range -RRB- . Update May 2010 - Never kept good time , but as mentioned before , I liked the style . - I dropped it , from waist height , onto carpet . The second hand broke off , and the watch no longer works . I wo n't order a Stuhrling watch again ... nice style , but poor quality .
 Purchased this watch as a gift for our anniversary ... Beautiful watch but IT DOES NOT KEEP ACCURATE TIME ! : < -LRB- Called Amazon -LRB- CUSTOMER SERVICE ? -RCB- for help , several times . After more than an hour of passing the buck , giving me one bogus phone number after another , trying to speak with people who can not communicate in English , I finally spoke with a manager who has absolutely no authority to do anything but give me yet ANOTHER PHONE NUMBER TO CALL.GREAT LOOKING WATCH IF TIME IS NOT AN ISSUE.I AM EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED WITH AMAZON CUSTOMER SERVICE .
 As many reviews state , this is a good looking watch . I ordered it based on the large number of positive reviews and the looks . When I received the watch , it worked for about 5 minutes until the hands came loose inside the dial and begun to flop around in the watch . I would not expect this to happen on a $ 15 watch , not to mention a watch that claims a list price of $ 700 + . Amazon accepted the return , no problem.Before I re-ordered , I started to look closely at the reviewers -LRB- and reviewers of other Stuhrling products -RRB- and noticed the poor reviews are generally written by people with lots of reviews and the watch had quality issues , while those who loved it only reviewed this product . I think I agree with another reviewer of a Stuhrling watch that the manufacture may be padding their reviews . I decided not to order this watch again and decided to go with Seiko brand . I usually do n't write reviews , but I think the ones you are reading may not be true ... buyer beware .
 Great looking watch . Unfortunately it apparently has a Chinese-made movement . Time was reasonably accurate ; however , automatic winder hung up and would not function , so it had to be hand wound every day . Also after several months of not very hard use , the second hand fell off . My watch repair guy said he would n't even open the case .
 Purchased for Valentines day - my g/f got a similar red heart watch from this company . This watched lasted 7 months . Main problem was that is stopped every night - very annoying having to reset this watch each day . The winding mechanism fell out as well , with the result that the entire portion of the watch started to move . By this time I was quite fed up and just threw it out . Probably a reason why this is heavily discounted ...
 I owned this watch for about six months before it stopped working properly . I received many compliments on the watch , and really enjoyed it while it lasted ... I will NOT make the mistake of buying another product from Stuhrling , and I think that their warranty terms are ridiculous . So now I have to send $ 20 with my poorly made watch and hope that the company can fix it or send me another one that will work for six months -LRB- hopefully -RRB- . It 's too bad that a watch was meant to do more than look at , otherwise this would be five stars .
 The screws on the bezel are very very shinny and look odd with the flat blackMore `` bling '' than I expected . Big Date feature is nice .
 This watch is much better at the picture then the reality , and I recommend you do n't swim with it.I bought this watch thinking that I was making a great purchase.One day , when I was at Rio de Janeiro beach , I decided to swim a little . Later , I realized that some water get inside the watch . Some weeks later , the watch was totally rusty and stop working .
 I bought this watch for my husband through a gold box deal . I showed him a photo of it first and then he gave me the green light . When it arrived , he was n't 100 % convinced he liked it , he said that it looked nicer on the photo ... I agree with him , and I think it 's more adequate for teenagers or younger men -LRB- preferably if they have large arms and hands -RRB- . I guess you ca n't always win with these deals ... ; -RRB-
 When i receive this watch , the first that i had do is connect to amazon and see the picture that i had view before . The watch is so big , so ugly , and look so cheap . I buy this watch in the gold box deals at 49 dolars , but the real price for this watch i say is around 5 o 6 dolars
 This watch is cool , But It 's biger than i imagine when i saw itand buy this one on the Amazon ,
 First of all , this is not a Swiss Army Watch . It is not even Swiss made . They did a great job photographing this watch to make it look like it is more than it is ... which is junk ! From the picture the case looks like the bezel . Its not , it is clear plastic . I would have known that had I read a little more about the product before I bought it.Also , Amazon is advertising this as a $ 350 watch on sale for $ 59 , `` Save $ 299.00 '' . Mine just arrived and when I took it out of the box the price tag says $ 79.99 . I seriously think the box is worth more than the watch . After getting my hands on this watch I would n't have even paid that for it ! Not sure if Amazon is guilty of Bait and Switch or just False Advertising but they should really be ashamed of this product .
 It 's purely appearance the quality of the rubber band is poor , the edges or corners of the case are bad finished , you feel the sensation you will get cut
 Totally does not worth even $ 1 . Very bad manufacturing . Two of the twelve `` S '' shaped pieces on the face fall the fist day I use it . of course I ca n't find spare ones anywhere . Also this 40 days issue is real , after day 31 you get day 32 , 33 all the way to 39 . You have to adjust it every month .
 The watch is attratcive , sturdy and met my expectations from this perspective . It does have a 40 day calendar requiring quite a bit of stem turning every month end to set the date at the 1st of the month . Where is a 40 day calendar required anyway ?? Mistake I suspect . In addition , within a few days one of the surround face inserts inscribed nicely with an attractive `` S '' fell out and ca n't be found . I would not buy the product again .
 I purchased this watch in March 2010 for casual wear . The watch looks great , but has an unusual feature in that the date does not reset at 31 , but continues up to 39 - a minor but monthly annoyance.Today , I dropped the watch when putting it on - it fell from counter height . When it hit the tile floor , nearly all of the numbers broke off and are now floating inside the face of the watch . I guess you get what you pay for , but the $ 60 Timex I am wearing at the moment has never lost its numbers.I would recommend looking elsewhere .
 I have had Swiss Legend watches before and have been very happy with them , but this watch was surprisingly unattractive when I received it . The face is much too large ; much larger than it appears online .
 The only thing positive I can say about this watch is that it keeps time . It 's a very CHEAP looking watch and it is enormous and i like big watches . I would not gift this to a person that I hated .
 The watch itself looks nice.But it 's made for an elephant to wear . It 's humongous for an average person . Beware of the size before you buy it.Swiss Legend Men 's St. Tropez Collection Square Yellow Dial Watch #SL -40067 -77
 Looking for a band that would fit over a 7 mm wetsuit to use with a Casio dive watch . This is n't long enough . Otherwise it seems fine .
 This watch band and a watch band spring band tool were a suggested purchase with a watch I was orderering . This band did n't even fit the watch I found out after taking to a jeweler . Bad suggestion as it turns out . The band itself is decent but not for my watch .
 The band is flimsy and cheap . I have already returned it and asked for a refund . It basically is a velcro strap and fits poorly . The photo ofthe band was not clear as to how it attached to watch .
 I purchased this band because I required something that could hold a device with a 19 mm opening . While the attachment strap itself is 19mm the clasp on the end of it is much larger making it impossible to attach something with a small bracket . If your watch attachment comes apart to fit the clasp then this product will work fine .
 Rec 'd my order promptly however this product is not very durable . Within 2 months the band began to fray and break apart at the seams.Bottom line
 Over a lifetime of owning and wearing several watches covering the full spectrum of costs and styles , I 've never experienced a watch this unreliable . The Regatta is a handsome watch , that comes in a meticulous package . Everything would be perfect , expect for the fact that it does n't keep time . This watch loses time , not by seconds a day , but in whole chunks . A half hour here , an hour there ; whenever I would look at the watch , I could n't really know what time it was . Shameful!An automatic watch should be able to keep time when worn 24/7 . This one does n't , so it 's going back . Thank g-d Amazon is reliable , even if the watch is n't .
 Nice looking watch in a nice box but it does n't work . Do not get confused , it is `` made in China '' . Se ve bien y tiene una buena presentaci&oacute;n , pero no funciona . Este reloj est&aacute; hecho en China
 I like the look of this watch but the automatic movement inside is a piece of crap.I have plenty of automatics from many different brands and have no problems from any of them , except from stuhrling . This is the second out of four from them that just does not run properly . And yes I wound it plenty and no I 'm not expecting it to be right on after every hour , I 'm talking it just stops after 3min , 5 min . They must use the cheapest movements they can find -- Stay Away !
 I purchased this based on the picture and description . The price was good . I was disappointed quickly once they arrived . This watch looks good and has a good a solid feel ... outside ... however , once you start playing with you see the problems quickly : - Crown is so loose I would be really worried to expose it to any wet conditions -LRB- not even talking about washing my hands -RRB- - The crown winding did not work - tried multiple times - stopped after 1 minute of running.I have returned the watch . I was particular disappointed as you can get a nice Seiko or Citizen for this price and those would work forever.In short - do not waste your time and money and get Seiko or a Citizen .
 Bought this watch last december . The looks is nice but a litle bit too light for automatic wacth . For the price can not complain , for the looks especially the interesting blue cross leather band is amazing deal . The only problem the thing is very fragile , i only used it for 2 months and one day I clap so hard at meetings suddenly the mechanical loosen it self and not long after that all the gear just fell off . I used many mechanical watches from many brands with various prices and this is first time i have to deal with this . Quite a suprise for sthurling brand too make this lousy watch , better watch out for this brand for their quality assurance .
 Got the box . abit too bulky . Watch slot cant fit 45mm watches where the leather strap buckle can not fit into the slots . They could have made the box narrower or thiner . Also the packaging and leather condition do n't look too new . For the price its acceptable .
 I was prepared to spend $ 1800 with this company . I called the `` Jewelers Vigilance Committee '' who Goldwatches claim they are a member on their website . I called JVC and they claimed Goldwatches is not listed as a member . Scared me ... I also did not think much of JVC since they did not seem too concerned that a jeweler was falsely using their logo on their website . Not too credibile in my mind .
 Some the buttons do n't work after having the watch for some 8-9 months . I wear it most days and it occasionally gets exposed to the outside elements like rain , sand , and dirt .
 I 'm a huge fan of my Timex `` Digital Expedition Chrono Alarm Timer Watch '' , but occasionally having a compass would be handy . And indeed , the compass on this watch works pretty well . But I 'll probably never wear the thing , because it 's so poorly designed as a watch.The buttons are large . I do n't much care for them , but they might be nice for someone with limited dexterity . The ridiculous movable ring has no real purpose , makes the watch more bulky , and makes the wearer look stupid . OK , I 'm being picky and if these were the watch 's only flaws I 'd be happy with it.I just ca n't understand putting such a pathetic user interface on this watch . My other Timex watch has '' + '' and '' - '' buttons for setting the time , timer , and alarm . But not this watch . If you want a 1 minute timer but it was previously set to 2 minutes , you have to cycle through 99 minutes to get back to 1 . And your only option is integer minutes , 1 through 99 . There 's a single alarm , which will sound at the same time every day . I do n't think I 'd use it much , since I 'd have to remember to set it for my weekday and weekend wakeup times . -LRB- My other Timex has three alarms , with daily , weekday , and weekend settings . -RRB- There 's no alternate time zone , which I use a lot on my other Timex.The top right button is dedicated to the compass . That really seems dumb -- do you really need one-touch heading while you 're setting the time ? Instead , they should use that button for something useful like '' + '' and '' - '' for setting times.The `` indiglo '' light is inferior to the one on my other Timex . It works fine in dark conditions , but it can be difficult to read in some dim light conditions .
 I found this watch to function satisfactory until the effects of moisture caused it to fail . After wearing this watch on a hot day , the function buttons gradually ceased to work . It seems that the function buttons are not sealed well enough to prevent skin moisture from entering the watch . As a result the watch failed to respond to function input . Eventually , after several days it will operate again . This defect in design makes this watch unreliable .
 purchased as Christmas gift for my 80 year old father.he has mac . deg . & also losing dexterity in his handsthe large contrasting numbers on face wre good ; butwhen watch arrived it had a leather band that require good hand dexterity to fasten instead of the stretch gold band that was shown.I e-mailed the supplier , but got NO response.i had to buy him a new band that he could use that cost an additional + $ 10
 My husband is legally blind and so looked forward to this talking watch . We received a defective watch . The buttons to set the functions do not work . Now I will have to send it back at my own expense ! Very disappointed in this product .
 This watch will not keep time consistently . Will work fine a few days , then quits and has to be reset . I grew tired of it , threw it against the wall into a million pieces and will never buy another watch on the internet .
 This is a very nice watch that I 'm sure would be great to have . However , the picture is very misleading . When the watch arrived , it was almost unrecognizable from the picture . It was larger than I expected -LRB- the picture is about the size of the actual item , as it turns out -RRB- and the silver-gray color is more metallic than it seems in the picture . I purchased this as a gift for someone , but when it came in I could tell it was n't what he wanted . I gave it anyway with the option of returning it , which the recipient decided was the best thing to do . He went online later to find a replacement , and the link he sent me was this exact watch
 I have returned the product . The arms of the watch was not working .
 I got this item as a gift for Christmas , and I was kind of disappointed . It 's a nice watch , except for the fact that instead of being a bright silver color in the picture , it was this strange-cheap-steel-sorta-yellowed color .
 This watch is cheap . The clasp aways unlatches itself . I 've also had issues with moisture on inside of the face .
 My Husband bought this watch and when we got it , it looks like a little kids watch . It said men 's and it appeared to be a bigger watch than what it really is . We were very disappointed .
 I would love to review this item , but I never received it ! It was ordered late for a Christmas gift , but the page promised expedited delivery and it would arrive on Christmas Eve . Guess what ? There was an I.O.U under the tree . I would also like to say that it arrived the day after Christmas , but after finally getting hold of someone at Customer Service , I was given the number to fossil because Amazon Customer Service could do nothing for me ! Fossil told me the watch had shipped . 2 days later I had to call Fossil again and they tell me I wo n't get it at all because it was out of stock . It was still showing as available on Amazon.com . So , Fossil told me to call them ! I did . They told me they would call Fossil . Then I get this review , and all I got for Christmas was a headache ! Never again will I order Fossil from Amazon.com ! By the way , it is still showing as available , and if you call Fossil they say they will never have anymore of these , so do n't waste your time !
 Very nice watch , silver-white dial . I wear it one day , the next day it stopped and never started again . Take it for repair and the jeweler told me that it has a gear broken , and it is chinese made , no spare parts ... needs to change the movement or throw it out.Bad luck with this watch ? I do n't know , no more stuhrling watches for me .
 I bought this watch because most of the reviews seemed like this would be a good buy -- a $ 600 watch for $ 100 ! What a deal ! My husband lost his Fossil watch that he loved , and this seemed like a comparable product . Fossil is a much better watch than this.HOWEVER , I was disgusted when I gave it to my husband as a surprise . The outer metal decorative faceplate was installed incorrectly . In the picture , the dot is over the 12 of the watch face ; on our watch , it was over the 10 ! So good luck using that in the dark . I would expect that lack of quality from a $ 20 watch , not an originally-priced $ 600 watch or even a $ 100 watch . Those details matter ! Also , my husband could n't set the time . That little pull out piece would not budge , not even with tools . This screams poorly made.I am disgusted and disappointed with the quality of this product . Thank goodness it comes with free returns ! Do n't waste your time on this watch Spend your money on a product that will last .
 I like the watch . However , on line the description said , ` red leather band ' . On line it looks tan and does not give a true dipiction of the color . The band is red , but it is bright orange/red ... not exactly what I wanted
 Hi , Was a bit disappointed with the watch received as it looked worn to me and it was advertised as `` new '' . However , the packaging was great and that was a consolation.Regards , Juliet Peh
 I purchased this watch as a present for my wife in October , 2010 , because of the size and appearance of the watch and the Seiko reputation . She loves the watch , except that since she has had it , it has on four or five occasions turned up 3 or 4 minutes slow , but still running . Yesterday she found it 15 minutes slow , although the watch was still running . After resetting the watch , it runs normally until the next occurrence , so now it goes back to Seiko for warranty work . I can not recommend this watch based on the problems my wife has had with it .
 The watch is really tiny . It looks big in the picture but is not so . i was really annoyed with it . cos i ordered it in UK they charged me extra 26 pounds which was not told to me.obviously shippin cost me another 30 pounds so i end up spending 126 pounds on a watch which is not really worth it . so beware from whichever country u order it . the swarvoski crystals are hardly visible in it .
 The watch is very nice , but my experience is that when I get worked less than a month and then bring it to a jeweler to see if it was the battery and told me it was problems with the machines , send e-mail to purchase and I said I had to call seiko warranty , and in central S SERVICE told me that the model was guaranteed I Disorder & warranty ... very bad experience !
 I wrote the review below just after receiving my watch . Now , 7 months later , I am returning it for service , as it recently began stopping several times a week . I am terriby disappointed at the apparent lack of quality and dependability . I fear I may have an expensive `` clunker '' on my hands , even after I pay to ship it as directed and pay the $ 10 they charge to send it back to me ! Alas , Alas!I just love my new watch ! I had bemoaned the loss of the back of my many-years-old Seiko watch a few years ago after having the battery changed and the back not having been properly secured . I have many other watches , but that one had been my day-to-day companion . My husband insisted upon buying a new Seiko for my birthday with the added feature of an automatic movement -- no battery to replace ever ! He had expected to pay at least $ 200 , and was amazed when I showed him Amazon 's offerings -- so much so that he bought one for himself as well . He allowed me to select my style , and I chose this one , as I wanted the gold and silver combo -LRB- like my old one -RRB- . The only thing I was unsure of was the size of the dial . The photo looks as if it would be of a similar size to the man 's watch we ordered for my husband . I was afraid it would be a little clunky on my wrist . I was delighted when it arrived to find the face is less than an inch across -- about the same size as my old one . I may have overlooked the dimensions in the product description , misled by the photo . In any case , I 'm extremely pleased . The bracelet was a little too large , but my jeweler easily removed two links to make it fit perfectly . Thanks , Amazon , for another great deal !
 I 've had this for less than a year and found that unless you get a self winder or some other device , it tends to lose time . If you do n't wear it continuously then you definitely need something to keep it wound up otherwise you 'll be resetting the time every morning.Even if you 've been wearing it all day , it seems to randomly stop working.Also , I bought it because it had the day of the week and date function but that stopped working as well . This version also has the Spanish day of the week along with the English which i was not aware of and really dislike and wish I could have turned off or not had at all.Don ' t recommend purchasing this watch at all . I should have spent the extra cash and gotten a citizen Eco drive instead as I was searching for a watch that did not use batteries . I used to have a Seiko Kinetic which only lasted about 5 years including having it serviced because the band broke at my expense . I doubt I will buy any Seiko watch ever again .
 This watch came in a VERY cheap box and the band was exceptionally cheap . It was the same kind of band that was on a fake Rolex my son bought from a street vendor in NYC.I returned the watch and my acct . was credited . I bought the same watch from Sam 's Club and it was much nicer .
 I had a nike imara watch in the past . It was my favorite watch , until it broke - I bought this product to replace it . Unfortunately the seller shipped me the wrong watch - the color around the watch face was the same as the band . To be plain , the watch was ugly . The color was brighter than the photo online led me to believe . Also , the watch looked junky - not like I had paid $ 50 for it . I would never have worn this watch , even though I loved my old nike imara watch dearly . I hated it so much that I sent it back -LRB- and I never send things back -RRB- . Thankfully the seller was accommodating in my return -LRB- although his English was shaky -RRB- , but it took longer than I expected for me to get my money back . Not the best experience I 've had on amazon .
 The box initally comes across very nice , rich black leather look but the inside is lacking the quality one would expect for paying this amount of money for this display case . The pouches that hold the watch are made cheaply and covered with very cheap material , hard on the sides . One would expect to have at least soft cushions to be encased by your collections , not a cheap cloth , if that is what it is , material . Would not buy if I had seen the interior . Bottom drawer is made of flimsy materail with smaller cushions than on top , do n't know why but the cushions are not interchangable .
 i bought this as a gift and expected leather , well because the ad says its leather . its smells of plastic and is definitly not real leather . i was very dissapointed in the look and feel of this box . the interior is very poorly made-cardboard and faux suede -LRB- im giving them to much credit here -RRB- glued together . i would not recomend buying this product if you want quality . the only reason i gave it 2 stars is its a decent price but NOT what is advertised . buyer beware .
 Recibi la Caja esta semana en Venezuela y no estoy conforme con el producto , ya que me llego con varios lados rotos y la llave no funciona . He comprado varias cosas por amazon y por primera vez me llegan los productos en mal estado.Telefno Contacto . 00507-6090 .1043
 Although I was very enthousiastic when I received this watch , I am disappointed . The watch was n't running accurately , it runs too fast . Then I was told this that this is normal , but I should wind the watch regularly to run more precidely.It 's being sold as automatic watch , and now I have to manually wind every 2/3 days . Unfortunately a disappointment .
 First of all , do not trust these positive reviews . The company includes a card with the watch that says if you leave a positive review on Amazon , they will extend your warranty for one-year . And from my experience so far with Stuhrling , you may need it . I am on my third watch of this style . On the previous two watches , the minute hand fell off inside the watch . I did not drop or handle the watches roughly , the hand just fell off . As far as aesthetics , the watch looks great - it is a larger watch so I do have several dress shirts that do not accommodate the extra size in the wrist area . I 'll have to check back in when I have had the watch for a longer time period - my first watch lasted 32 days , the second arrived broken , and my current is running well three weeks in .
 This is certainly a great looking watch . For that reason , it earns a star . Unfortunately , the movement leaves much to be desired . Perhaps I received a defective watch , but mine loses 5 - 7 minutes a day . Also , the lack of a second hand does n't help . Not too impressive for my first Stuhrling . This watch is getting returned and I 'll replace it with something from the always reliable Seiko brand .
 I bought this watch for my husband for Christmas . It is beautiful and he loves it . With the exception that it ran fine for about 6 weeks then died . I had the battery replaced and it started working but would stop at 5:00 pm everyday ! Very frustrating !
 Absolutely awful . No instructions on how to use the deployment clamp . Within five minutes of trying to fasten it the clamp broke , rendering the entire strap useless . Sturhling are attractive watches but better to purchase something with a regular buckle fasten . Not impressed at all .
 I bought this stuhrling # 144L .3245 E2 about two weeks ago . It stopped running after only 1 week . The battery must have run out . I am really DISAPPOINTED and ANGRY . A Swiss Watch could run for only 1 week . I do n't want to send it back for guarantee becase why I have to pay 20 $ for the shipping ? I would never buy stuhrling again !!!
 I was looking forward to this watch , but it would not stay running . I own many watches -LRB- automatics/self winding -RRB- , and yes it was defective . The look and the feel were all that I thought it would be , just the functionality was not there . I returned this one and got a Mad Man C-2 in instead , great watch !
 The Stuhrling watches are great for show but are unfortunately of horrible quality!Do not expect this watch to work for long ! Its also a big watch !
 The watch looks great , HOWEVER beware of durability issues.First , on the bracelet the little pins that hold the bracelet together regular become loose or fall out and have to be replaced . In the first year I owned the watch I had to have it repaired three times for this problem , finally I asked for a brand new watch and the problem occurred all over again . It is not like I wore the watch doing construction work either , I am an office professional ! Very frustrating.Also , the WHITE dots on the face of the timepiece , which have a substance in them to illuminate the face in darkness deteriorate over time and turn BLACK -LRB- within one year -RRB- ! Again this happened to me with two separate watches.This watch will frustrate and disappoint both cosmetically and functionally . As a timepiece this watch quickly falls out of accurate time unless you constantly wind it tightly by hand . Beware !
 I BOUGHT ONE OF THESE . IT LASTED TWO YEARS . HAD THE BATTERY REPLACED BUT THAT WAS NOT THE PROBLEM . THREW IT INTO THE DRESSER JUNK DRAWER . HINT
 I have a mid-size men 's quartz Seamaster 120 meters I purchased 6 years ago that now sporadically looses a couple of minutes a day or just stops . \ I have had the battery replaced twice in the last two months at a good local watch shop . They say there is nothing they can do . Disappointing quality . I would not buy Omega again .
 The description of this model -LRB- 2561.80 -RRB- says 41.5 mm , but it 's actually only 36.25 mm . This model is the Mid Size .
 You have to be in perfect light to read the hands on this one . Beautiful watch , however , the hands are silver just like the background .
 I ordered this watch as a christmas gift and while it was beautiful it was a women 's watch . I called customer service and was given a hard time about it , but the box clearly says womens watch . This is a very nice watch if you are ordering for a woman but not for a man .
 I have the black face version , identical except for color but not currently listed on Amazon.The description does not indicate that updating of the year and month windows is done manually . They are not operated by the watch mechanism but via manually depressed plungers on the edge of the case . Also the 24 hour dial is not adjustable to a different time zone than the main time so is IMO a almost useless feature . This is not noted in the description either.When setting the watch the date and day of week are intended to be set by plungers on the edge of the watch . On mine the day of week plunger will not operate the mechanism so I set the DOW via the time adjustment stem and then set the date via the plunger.The actual watch mechanism is a wrist watch size automatic wind nechanical watch mechanism fitted to a pocket watch case . It seems to be a solidly made stainless steel case but the claimed $ 1000 + MSRP seems out of line for what appears to be a Chinese movement watch in my opinion .
 I saw the adv on the website and liked the watch , i placed the order immediatly , when i received the piece i checked it i found that the tounge in the bottom flap is missing , this means in simple and plain words that i cant wear it , i contacted Amazon customer service , they told me to conatct the vendor , i wrote them email and attached a photo to prove my claim however i didnt get any response , contacted Amazon again who wrote me at the end that they cant replace the item , the only option i had is to return it , and since I 'm living outside the states at this moment i found that the shipping cost will be almost equal to the price of the watch , now i kept it with the hope that i will take it to a repair shop to find an alternative for that missing part , i advise every body to be carefull when buying expensive things through the web .
 Compr&eacute; este reloj en el 2008 , en aquel tiempo me cost&oacute; 400 d&oacute;lares , o sea el doble de lo que cuesta hoy . Es un buen reloj pero pagu&eacute; definitivamente m&aacute;s de lo que vale , tengan cuidado con esta marca pues sus precios son enga & ntilde ; osos .
 I purchased two stuhrling watches - one for me and one for my wife . I sent mine back and kept hers . She wore it for about 5 weeks and the watch stopped working . I paid $ 134.00 for a 5 week watch & now i am over my 30 day return option . I am very unhappy and will never order from stuhrling EVER AGAIN !!!!!
 This watch is not as solid as it looks . The bracelet is very fragile , and the whole watch does not seems to be tough enough for diving . Will not buy this brand anymore .
 The watch quit working after 5 weeks . Not Happy at all . And when the company sayd it wants $ 20.00 to repair or to send back for a new battery that is no good .
 * apparently been used -LRB- can tell from the watch leather belt -RRB- * the watch dial is not at the right place * good price , attractive watch , but should alert the buyer the condition of the watch .
 I bought several of these watches to use with middle school track runners . I was really excited about the price and appearance of the watches . However , I 've used them twice and have already had two or three of the watches break . It seems that the pin that holds the metal bracket on the top band -LRB- the bracket for fastening the watch around the wrist -RRB- comes out of place exceptionally easily . If my kids catch all the parts , it 's no big deal to put it back together . But more than likely that small pin will fall to the ground to never be seen again , and now I am creating my own fastening system for the broken watches . I 'm really disappointed .
 My daughter asked for a slap bracelet for xmas , searched high and low and found this one . Ordered two , they both were broken ! the face and the hands were loose . I have taken them to a watch repair place to get fixed because this was my only option .
 I bought a Lancaster for my husband ... The clasp on the strap kept coming undone and the crystal face cracked almost immediately . All that would be one thing , but the Lancaster accredited repair affiliate has had this watch for 4 months and can not get hold of the parts from Lancaster ! I 've even reached out to them myself and they just ignore me.This company will charge a lot of money for a sub-par product and then refuse to even help you get repair parts ! DO NOT BUY A LANCASTER PRODUCT !
 It 's likely that many people needing this are also hard of hearing . The voice is very quiet and somewhat distorted , and the construction and finish are poor . The price is low , but we would gladly have paid more for a better product . We had to replace the strap within the first two weeks .
 I received this item and it appeared to be ` new ' and unopened . When I put it on I noticed it was n't working . Thinking that it was the battery , I took it to a jeweler . He said it did not need a battery because the watch appeared to be broken . He also showed me -LRB- under a magnifying glass -RRB- that the watch clearly said `` Parts Japan '' , `` Made in China '' . He told me that authentic Skagen watches are made in Denmark and usually do not bear that inscription so in HIS opinion , the watch looked suspicious . I do n't know about these technicalities . All I know is that I really wanted the watch and it was n't working . Very disappointed . Sent it back to Amazon . I would think twice before purchasing this watch .
 It 's great if your in the habit of buying a new watch every three months.It falls apart and breaks way too easily .
 This is a a second Skagen watch we are having problem with in the last 6 months . It appears Skagen is no longer using quality control for its products . Beware !
 I know this is not a product review , but Amazon is not giving any option to provide seller rating , maybe because it 's too late or it 's because the seller is Amazon . I purchased this item as a father 's day gift gift and when I got the item , it was too late to go for an exchange . I ended up buying something else which was not as meaningful as this one would have been to my dad . But what can you do when you buy online !
 I have three Skagen watches . They are beautiful . However here are the issues I have with them : Most importantly , everything about this watch is propriatery . Changing batteries is a pain as you ca n't find them locally and it costs $ 14.95 . Bands are $ 34.95 . Also you better keep your sales receipt even though they have lifetime warranty.I sent in my replacement band and battery with payment for two watches in July and they cashed the check and did n't receive anything until January . I called them and they promised to send a free battery , but when I received the items finally in March , no battery was included -LRB- let alone a free one -RRB- . Other issues : a -RRB- Wire mesh bands
 The watch was a favorite of mine for a number of years . Lightweight , adjustable and breathable wristband ; very slim . BUT , after the battery was replaced , the seal failed and the watch died . I ordered a replacement through Amazon at a very low price . The crystal cracked when bumped . Same thing on the second replacement . Toughen the glass , please .
 My wife bought me this watch 2 years ago . I have enjoyed the sleek fit and comfort , but have had nothing but problems with the band . I must admit , I am probably pretty hard on my watches , but I have had to replace the band 3 times now -LRB- at $ 25 a pop -RRB- . What happens is if you kink the band in any way , the wires that make them up will start to fail leaving you with sharp edges that catch on your shirts , and anyone within arm shot of you . I have not been able to find another band that will fit this watch . Too bad because it really is a nice looking piece .
 Besides the fact that the date display is extremely small and hard to read , the watch stopped working after six months and I threw it away . Yes , I did have a new battery put in before throwing it away .
 I love the design of this watch . It looks even better that what you see on screen . The thinness is very cool.However , my band is starting to come apart after only four uses . I am very careful with my things and do not abuse them . I would expect a metal band to last a long time , but this one is coming apart on one side where it 's welded to the bracket that holds the pin to the case.I called Skagen in NV and they said `` sorry , we only warrant the movement , not the band . '' After pointing out that I expected the band to last more that four days , the lady transferred me to someone 's voicemail in order to get rid of me . Classy , Skagen.This watch is great if you only plan to use it occasionally . Otherwise , look for something more sturdy . Other Skagen watches I own have worked great , but not this one .
 This time piece does not have a second hand and I would have liked one , also you have a difficult time to return and item I would have liked to have a return option included with the purchase . I would have upgraded to a better watch / one with a second hand and a date also the web page did n't address these issues that I could see .
 I wore the watch for the third time and the strap broke suddenly . I was walking on concrete so now there is a dent at the side of the watch . Thinking back , I highly suspect the watch to be a refurbished piece since they brought it down to a cheaper price . I am not buying another skagen watch ever again .
 Folks , I have 3 of these watches . Why 3 ? Because at first I loved the extremely flat design and when I woke one day and found the crystal had cracked , I immediately bought another . Then , it too soon had a cracked crystal . I then learned Skagen would replace the crystal , -LRB- for $ 25.00 -RRB- , so I faithfully sent them both off to Skagen . In the meantime , I purchased another one . Sure enough , the first two watches had the crystals replaced as paid-for . I now had $ 350 invested in three watches and in the course of the next 3 months , the crystal broke in all 3 of them . I refuse to pay for any additional replacement . I am convinced Skagen has designed a defective watch . The crystal 's design , or it 's material , can not handle the extreme flatness that makes the watch so beautiful to begin with . BUYER BEWARE ! In all 5 cases , the crystal cracked without a traceable reason . Had it been one or two , maybe my fault ... . somehow . BUT FIVE TIMES ?? I think not . I am 45 years old and have owned many watches . Never have I broken the crystal on a single one .
 I bought this model because it looks great . I paid $ 100 for it from one of the department stores . From the day I bought it the watch has lost about 10 to 15 minutes a day . I thought it was the battery so I replaced it for $ 10 but that did n't help . In order to get it repaired I had to send it to them via special delivery which cost me $ 12 more . I checked my mail today and they sent me a letter asking for $ 8.95 for the cost of repairs or else I wo n't get the watch back . I 'm trying to figure out why I 'm being asked to pay for repairs for a watch that is clearly under warranty . I 'll be calling them tomorow to find out . In the meantime . . do n't buy a Skagen watch unless you like cheap junk and lousy service .
 First time I tried to put on the watch , I had to bend the tab to get the band to clasp properly . Then the adjustment piece came loose while wearing and off came the watch . Put it all back together , it worked for a couple of weeks until it again needed adjustment . It is an ongoing problem.Today I went outside . The crystal broke spontaneously as soon as the cold air hit the face.The watch looks nice , but it is poorly made . My advice would be to stay away from Skagen until they change the band clasp system and correct their crystal breakage problems .
 I work in an office and do not subject my watch to any unusual stress . Within three days of receiving my new skagen titanium watch the crystal was shattered . I have no idea what caused it . After paying $ 36.00 -LRB- including shipping -RRB- and sending it back to skagen for service , I received it back in two weeks with a new crystal . This one lasted only two days before shattering . There is obviously a design flaw in this watch . This one is my last one . It is junk . Do not buy a skagen .
 I have three Skagen watches in my drawer in various slim styles like this one . They all have cracked crystals . I 'm not hard on watches , I 'm a 58 year old office worker . I certainly did n't manage to smash all three . So , despite the fact that I love the looks , especially of this titanium one , I wo n't be buying another .
 This watch has a very poorly designed clasp and the first night I wore it I noticed it had fallen off after about an hour , never to be seen again . I should have returned it as soon as I saw how easy it was for the clasp to come undone .
 Looks great , but I 'm on my second Skagen . The first was this type - after a while , the band kept undoing itself randomly . Returned it . Now I have one with a leather strap , but the dial keeps popping out -LRB- and stopping the watch -RRB- . And the crystal mysteriously cracked , with no reason . I 've searched and some others had the same problem .
 I did not swim in this watch . I did shower in it . It is dead . after a months worth of wear.My family members are expecting non-legitimate merchandise , it is possible but I assume it is purely a case of fragile show watch meets godless heathen played out in the Roman fashion.This watch was too good for this world . It is also shite to read at night time .
 1 ... I took the watch to a jeweler to replace the battery . Cost me $ 15.00 dollars2 ... After few hours it stopped working . The jeweler put the battery to test and proved that it was the watch not the battery3 ... Kept the receipt and the Skagen booklet . Mailed it to Skagen for repair . Skagen did not charge me for service but skagen charged me $ 9.00 dollars for handeling4 ... Had to pay postal service $ 4.00 to ship it to Skagen5 ... When I received it back from Skagen , it was working fine but could see water spots6 ... All other Skagens that I purchased , I gave it away as gift so it never got to the point that I had to replace the battery . The experience shows me that to replace a battery professionally then deal with defective seal which I had to send it out to Skagen for repair , which they did not fix and returned it back with water spots which must be the sign of moisture and a bad seal when infact Skagen checked on their repair paperwork that they had fixed the seal , and with total cost of 15 +4 +9 = $ 28 dollars trying to repair , Skagen is worthless after the battery dies . Furthermore Skagen deemands that you send out a check for shipping and handling which they will not be liable if you are not a resident of Reno where their repair shop is and you can not sue or reverse charges if charged to a credit card . Bunch of crooks .
 While this watch is very slim , low profile , and looks very stylish , the construction of it is extremely cheap and very disappointing . It arrived broken , and looking at why it was broken , I found that it looked like the metal watch band was just glued onto a metal tab that was connected to the watch . Very disappointing to see a corner like that cut , the band could of been much sturdier and better secured than with glue . Clearly Skagen cares more about making a stylish watch than they do about making a good product . I would not suggest anyone buy this watch , and I would be hesitant of any of their other watches .
 I bought this watch as a daily wearer . Thin , and a neutral color . The watch was not what I expected when it was received . The gray mesh band is extremely reflective . It ruins the neutral gray look and turns into a overly shiny metal . I had to return .
 The watchband is a completely ridiculous travesty ! Impossible to put on , and if you accomplish that feat , impossible to stay on . This gift was an anxiety provoking nightmare ! I really tried to work with it , but to no avail . I returned it , regretfully . It is/was a quite handsome watch .
 It 's a very pretty watch but There is a problem with the clasp . Very hard to latch and wo n't stay . I 'll be returning .
 This watch 's bracelet brusied my arms and when I went homt to give this to my father as a gift , he lost it within a week , the lock is not so trusty and that 's a money down the drain
 The Watch does n't work . Now I have to decide
 I bought one of these watches around march and when I got it I was very excited . It looked so cool !! I got tons of compliments on it from friends , family , and co-workers . It was indeedd a cool watch , but not even 4 months after buying it the watch just stopped working on me I thought mabey the battery was dead so I bought a new battery for it that didnt work . So not i have a 115 $ piece of junk sitting on my dresser collecting dust . do yourself a favor DO N'T BUY THIS WATCHi gave this a 1 star rating but i didnt wan na rate it that is how displeased i am with this product i shoulda bought an Invicta
 Overall its a nice watch.but if you need a new band good look on finding one.I went to at leased 10 stores all of them said skagen there are no bands available.so I had to get a new watch ...
 The watch keeps falling off the wrist -- this renders it useless . we will have to take it to a jeweler to replace the wristband .
 This watch malfunctioned within a 30 day period . I will never buy a watch from Amazon again . This is the second malfunctioned watch I bought in the last 45 days
 I love the thin design of this watch and it is easy to read at a glance . The real issue is the time tested issue with thin watches , what I am saying is they simply do n't hold the time well . I have had the watch only a few days and it seems to loose apron 5 minutes per day this is a big issue since you would loose 35 minutes a week so this watch gets a F rating from me the simple task of telling time is simply to much for this pice . I love the look and the thin design is wonderful it is like wearing air on your wrist.it is made from a wonderful titanium and the rounded face is great at reducing glare . in the end I must say this is not worth the money or time to even glance twice at this time pice . I would return it if I could because it simply cant do the job it was created to do . 0 of 10 RatingSkagen Men 's 233LTMN Titanium Black Mesh Watch
 I have had it for a total of 3 weeks and it is already falling apart , the face has some annoying scratches , it is supposedly hardened crystal , but I am starting to doubt that . The band is coming apart , and the clasp does n't really catch very well . All in all , the worst watch I have ever purchased.The face is hyper sensitive to scratches , It has been a little over a month now , wore it all the way through an underway -LRB- USN -RRB- , and the watch is in horrible shape . If you have an active lifestyle , go buy a Casio G Shock . It will be cheaper , and stand up better . All in all , this has been a waste of money.Update as of December 13th . The watch has all together stopped working , unfortunately the return window was only a month .
 First off let me say I love skagen watches . I owned my first for ten years , sadly my wife thinks she threw it out in the trash 2 days ago hence the reason I am browsing atm . My second skagen I bought 2 years ago and was last years version of this watch.I bought a second one because I needed a watch when I sent my first skagen in for repairs -LRB- the second and minute hands had fallen off in the case -RRB- Repairs will run you 34 dollars , for anything other then the mechanical components of the watch , even if it is the mechanical components , your likely to find a new crystal face and will still be charged 34 dollars . its 15 to replace the battery -LRB- both require you to pay shipping to them -RRB- but a good jeweler can replace the battery for 8 dollars or so.I bought this watch to upgrade to titanium , because I thought I would like it even better then steel . Sadly this was a mistake for me . I work as a firefighter and my watch takes some more abuse then the average person . I like the slim profile of the skagen because it does n't get caught on my firegear as I put on my jacket . The mesh band is superb as it allows my skin to breath without pulling the hairs on my arm . Sadly the titanium mesh band has proven to be more flexible then the steel . As such the edge of the band started fraying like a knitted sweater that someone pulled a string on.Another note for the band , currently this style of band is held by two small screws , while the band has n't broken yet it is showing signs that it may also break at the attachment point . The black coating on the titanium is also starting to wear and silver is becoming visible.Summary : Skagen is a good watch but if your planning daily use that might be slightly abusive , I would recommend the skagen steel band watches that attach with the spring loaded pin . I have been less then happy with the titanium bands , I would also recommend silver as scratches are less visible .
 I bought this watch for my boyfriend for Christmas . He loved the watch , I loved the watch , everybody loved the watch . He would get comments on it from friends , co-workers and complete strangers . It 's a great looking watch for the price.Now the watch is about 4 months old and the band has developed snags in it that catch on clothing . He 's already ruined two shirts.I 'm going to try to see if I can find another band for it , but I 'm really disappointed . Granted he does wear it every day , but a watch band should hold up for more than 4 months .
 This is a nice-looking watch that I got as a gift for my husband . He received lots of compliments on it , and if I was rating it on his impression in the first months of owning it then this would have been a five star review for sure . Now I feel a little guilty that his last big gift from me did n't last out the year.After about six months , the black finish was starting to wear off around the edges . After eight months , a tiny link from the mesh band broke near the join of the band and watch body , we had to cut and file at the band -LRB- leaving an ugly mark -RRB- in order to keep the band from scratching up his wrist . Less than a month after that , he found that the crystal was broken after a normal office workday . The warranty covers none of these things.My husband really loved the watch , but it 's just not good enough quality to hold up and you ca n't count on the warranty .
 Great looking watch , and even though earlier reviews spoke to the band eventually snagging clothing , etc , I took a chance and ordered it . Found it ran unacceptably slower than I wanted.Was pleased with how easy it was to return & receive a refund from Amazon .
 8 months after I purchased this watch , the watch strap came off from its joining location with the watch . Although this watch has an amazing look and design , it is not reliable . Since I can not use any other watch strap for this model , currently I can not use the watch .
 i purchased this watch for my husband august 22nd we recieved it on the 26th of august.we liked it the clasp did not close at first then the next day my husband tried the watch again and pressed hard on the clasp we went to church and later breakfast and my husband realized that the watch was missing from his wrist . . the clasp was not right it did not engage as it should . . Meanwhile I have sent a total of 7 emails to amazon on this issue and also have put a claim against Imperial watches as per instruction on my amazon account . . the only emails I got were to send the watch back and Fedex Address slips ... which as you can surmise is totally redundant since the watch is gone . . I have asked in my claim which you must have in your files for a replacement with a better clasp or a refund ... I await your reply edith carballada
 Great looking , thin and lightweight watch . Unfortunately , the crystal spontaneously cracked after a little more than 6 months . Apparently , that is a common problem with this watch and this brand lately . Luckily , Amazon was able to refund my purchase . My previous Skagen Titanium watch lasted 5-6 years , so I am unsure if I will purchase another one .
 I bought a Skagen watch because it looks great . I paid $ 100 for it from one of the department stores . From the day I bought it the watch has lost about 10 to 15 minutes a day . I thought it was the battery so I replaced it for $ 10 but that did n't help . In order to get it repaired I had to send it to them via special delivery which cost me $ 12 more . I checked my mail today and they sent me a letter asking for $ 8.95 for the cost of repairs or else I wo n't get the watch back . I 'm trying to figure out why I 'm being asked to pay for repairs for a watch that is clearly under warranty . I 'll be calling them tomorow to find out . In the meantime . . do n't buy a Skagen watch unless you like cheap junk and lousy service .
 Thank you for your recent e-mail inquiry . This e-mail is to inform you that the Cinquecento Grigio Watch has a limited lifetime warranty on movement . The warranty does not cover the battery , crystal , watchband or failure due to abuse . We doe not manufacture the item . It is made in China .
 Great difficulty opening and closing the watchband . Too much time and trouble to open & close ; not a good design.The face and watch itself is very nice .
 When I recieved this watch about 9 months ago , I thought it was beautiful ! You can just stare at the electric blue face forever . You ca n't feel the watch on your wrist it is so light . The band is extremely comfortable , the whole watch is extremely thin!After about 7 months , the battery died . I had the battery replaced by an authorized dealer . Since then the watch works , then it stops . It can work for a week , or a month , or a day , then by some mysterious reason , it stops . I had it looked at by the dealer . He told me that the watch would have to be sent out with a fee for shipping , and insurance.After reading a few reviews , I do n't think I 'll send it out since so many people have numerous problems with the band and battery . If I did n't experience this problem , it would defenitely been at least a 4 star.It is really a shame , because that face is awsome !
 Though a devout Rolex man , I still fell for the elegant beauty of the radiant blue dial smoothly merged into that slender black band . But , alas as with some women , the beauty was only skin deep . It quit running after less than a year , with only about ten nights out on the town . A new battery provided a short rebound relationship with time , but the same inevitable result . Now i have to shell out postage + $ 9 for repair of a watch that should have worked in the first place . Does n't sit well with me . But they do n't make a black Rolex ... The Danish are too laid back for precision anyway , leave it to the swiss or japanese ...
 DO NOT BUY THEIR WATCHES , SAVE TIME AND grief poorly made , the strap fell apart within a week to 10 days , Amazon has good customer support , i will not exchange , just a refund
 I have 3 Skagen watchs , and just refused a 4th . All gifts . Not one of them has ever worked , and the batteries are always dead and expensive to replace . You ca n't reclose the back if you try to change them yourself . The dials are not easy to see , the leather straps quickly fossilize , and the metal straps are not comfortable , and difficult to use . Do n't waste money them .
 At first my wife loved the watch I got for her for Christmas . It has been less than 6 months , and half of the medal is already faded , and the battery is dead . That is absolutely ridiculous . Will be complaining and trying to either get a new watch or getting my money back . What a horrible Xmas gift . Thanks a lot !
 My wife bought this watch as a gift to me . It was an attractive , light-weight watch that I prefer . Between the two of us we could not get the clasp to stay on . I was disappointed as was she . We returned the watch to the seller . The seller called my wife asking her to have me take down my review on their product . I only wrote the truth . They also told her the clasp worked fine for them when they recieved it back . They offered a refund plus a refund of the return shipping charges . That was fine but I would not retract my review on their product . The clasp did not work . To disparage my wife and I over the product defect was not what I 'd call very good customer service . Hey , products can be faulty . I 'm not saying the whole Skagen brand is faulty , just the watch we recieved .
 Notice how many of the positive reviews say `` I just got this today '' or similar . Their satisfaction will not last.The watch is extremely pretty out of the box , but it wo n't be pretty for long . The face of the watch is hypersensitive to scratches and scuffs . Mine glanced against a wooden bookshelf and was left with a deep scar , maybe a week after I got it.Skagen knows that this is a design defect . A year ago they replaced a friend 's scratched watch , acknowledging that the crystal was too soft . But now that they realize just how bad and how widespread the problem is , it seems , they 've decided they ca n't afford a replacement policy.The reason I bought this watch was the attractive face , and I 'm left with an unattractive one . How will yours be ruined ?
 I bought this watch because it is slim and stylish . However , it did not function out of the box . I had to take it to a jeweler to verify that the battery worked and watch did not . I called Skagen and they said I had to ship it back to then , at my expense , This for a new , non-working product!This has been a very negative experience with a lot of hassle and I still do not have a watch . I would not buy this product again .
 Basically , it is a beautiful watch , but I would stay away from it , I returned mine and here is why .1 . The band is very stiff you can not budge it which makes it feel like it will breakat any time , and reading the reviews ... this is the case .2 . The clasp is an absolute nightmare . The inside clasp does not hold , and the other does not either , so it 's simply a cute design that looks good on paper but not strong enough in practice . It kept falling off .3 . The hands have a green inlay as if it would glow , but they do n't , and there is no light .4 . There is no second hand which is n't a big deal really.This watch needs a new band , a rethink , if they could change these things , I 'd buy it again , but until then , all I can say is stay away .
 First experience with Skagen and it was good until it abruptly stopped working . Thought at first it was just the battery , but I had that replaced and nothing . On the plus side at least it was cheap . I guess you get what you pay for .
 Nice watch , but the face cracked all the way across on my first day wearing it . I was at the mall with my wife and baby , so I do n't think there was any impact that should 've been an issue for the `` super hardened '' crystal . The features on the watch are nice , but I 'm obviously disappointed with the durability .
 I purchased the watch at Macy 's in July . I loved the light weight and simple design of the watch , but after only three months the band broke off of the main body of the watch , with no impact whatsoever . It was a good thing I noticed it falling off my wrist , or I would have been out $ 145 . It turns out that the band is simply glued onto the main body , rather than being attached with metal pins . Today I exchanged it for a $ 99 G-Shock watch and store credit at Macy 's . It serves me right for not getting the G-Shock in the first place . Kesha is a spokeswoman for their Baby-G series and even designed a couple watches herself .
 This watch is great when you first get it . It looks sleek , and its very lightweight . Over a few months however , it has several major problems and I will never buy one again . First the band conforms to your wrist and becomes slanted or curved because your wrist is thicker on one end . The glass on the watch face gets scratched very easily . I actually take my watch off if I am doing something that might damage it , and it still became scratched from just regular wearing .
 After about a month of ownership of this beautiful watch , I went into HyVee 's beer refrigerator for 30 minutes . I was diligently choosing beers I was curious about . I then walked outside into a hot , humid day . I drove home . During the drive , I begun to hear a cracking sound . I was n't sure where it was coming from , but it was near.After I arrived home , I looked at my watch to see the crystal was cracked right down the middle . In fact , to my horror , I got to see it crack one last time.The watch still works great . I plan on getting it repaired . Unfortunately , the one item that 's not under warranty is the crystal .
 The novel feature of an UN-REPLACEABLE battery is clearly a design objective of Skagen . So they think you will invest 1-2 months and a hand full of cash to return it , OR just buy a second watch . I pointed out this to Skagen customer service in Nevada . I also pointed out that this was the LAST watch of theirs I would buy and the next would be a Seiko . Unfortunately I own two of these watches . I bough the second before the battery of the first failed . MORAL
 I really liked the look of this stylish watch so I ordered it . I still like the looks of the slim design , and blue face , but the strap ruins it . It does n't lock together properly , and I 'm constanly having to make sure it has n't fallen off my wrist . Yes , it has actually fallen off my wrist . It sucks that I have to pay shipping to return this , but I guess those are the risks of buying something like this off the internet . DON `` T BUY THIS ITEM , or any other SKAGAN watch with a similar strap .
 I looked at a lot of these watches and the designs are really superb ! However , like other reviewers have pointed out , the black on the band scratches easily . Also , mine arrived DOA . I took it to a watch repair place and had them check the battery . I was a bit suprised to see MADE IN CHINA stamped on the inside . They had to replace the movement . I am disappointed .
 I last bought a Skagen watch two years ago . The quality was excellent , and I have been happy with the watch ever since . Unfortunately , the quality of Skagen watches appears to have gone down in the interim . I ordered this watch because it looks classy . While the face is classy , the band leaves something to be desired . Skagen has decreased the width and thickness of their watch bands . The band looks far too small for the size of the face . Furthermore , the clasp does not fit securely , and jingles whenever I move my writs . Furthermore , the area around the clasp was painted sloppily . The paint does not extend entirely underneath it , and parts of the clasp are unpainted.While the face of the watch is still attractive , they removed the second hand . While the watch 's face is still stylish , the quality of the band and the watch overall do not justify its price . All of this speaks to cost cutting since the last time I purchased a Skagen watch , and the overall effect is that of a stylish watch executed cheaply and poorly . I would not recommend this product .
 The clasp failed on mine . I put a coat on and went to target . It disappeared somewhere , of course noone turned it in . I had trouble from day 1 with the clasp . It got lost within a week . People are right , it 's so light you do n't notice it , and then the clasp unfastens and its gone .
 This is a very attractive watch , I 've looked for a long time to find it at a good price . But when I got it , the clasp did n't work-it immediately fell open . In reading the fine print in the instructions for the watch , it states that the seals have to be replaced every two years under normal usage . I 've never seen another watch in my life with this limitation . It would be interesting to hear from people who have owned the watch for 2-4 years . I sent it back , but it is too bad because I love the way it looks .
 The watch is handsome like many Skagen watches but the clasp is delicate , weak and breakable and it lacks a `` second '' hand , again , like many skagen watches .
 This is the second Skagen mesh band watch I have had to return because of problems with the bracelet clasp . It is difficult to lock and then comes apart .
 Was not happy that the face cracked one week after wearing it . I do n't recommend buying it . Almost wonder if this was a fake !
 This could be a very nice watch if the designer had spent as much effort in the design of the bracelet clasp as in the watch . The locking clasp is extremely difficult to use and is definitely not `` heavy duty '' . Also - the packaging for this product was very poor - my watch arrived with all of the `` protective containers '' separated into multiple pieces in a box much larger than required . When I asked for another watch - the 2nd watch arrived with worse packaging than the first !
 I loved the watch when I first received it . I wore it two or three times , then a piece of the wire mess that the band is made of broke and was sticking up . I tried to bend it around but the loose wire continued to snag my clothes so I stopped wearing it .
 i 've been looking for the perfect watch for some time now . i 'm a little bit picky when it comes to looks/design . i wanted something functional , yet classy . something i could wear everyday no matter the occasion . this watch was perfect . i love the black face , it really makes the crystals pop . i love the way it looks and the way it feels on . the reason i am giving it a 2 is because within 1 minute of having it out of the box , and not even on my wrist , i found a scratch on the face . i have no idea if i did this , or if it came like that , but either way i was very upset considering the price that i paid for it . since then , about a month , a couple more scratches have come up on the face . they are very small and not extremely noticeable , but i notice them and am bothered by them . i feel like a watch from this company who boosts of great quality should not scratch that easy . yes , i know that faces on watches will get scratched . but i have owned `` cheap '' watches before and it took years for a scratch to show up . summing up
 I love this watch , but the band snagged on my pants and is already ruined within two weeks of receiving it . : -LRB-
 I am truly disappointed with the poor quality of this watch , even though it cost $ 100.00 . I bought it 2 months ago and already the one pointer has broken.As it is more than 2 months I can return the watch at my own cost and have 1/2 of the original price refunded and bear the cost of return fees to a country outside USA.Not sure I would waste my money on such a poor performance product again
 I bought this watch because I needed durable metal construction that would n't pinch . Plus , I loved the way it looked . However , every day I have to constantly check to make sure it is still displaying the correct time . It loses 5 minutes every 3-4 hours .
 I could ' t stop reeding , I loved reading it . The book was entertaining and imaginative , I learned a lot . I can highly recommend the book to anyone who wants a relaxing break .
 It is a very pretty watch , but the clasp is poorly made and wo n't stay closed ! It has already fallen off because of this .
 Very nice design and stylish . Long battery life . Band is very stylish but does have a tendency to fall apart and become sharp - and catch on shirts , etc. . Band is not under warranty .
 Very nice looking , and the illusion of being slim ... but the clasp started undoing itself within a year . Replaced it with a model with leather strap , but one day the crystal just ... cracked ! For no reason . Skagen is junk .
 I regret purchasing this watch . The strap is poorly designed and snaps open from time to time -- usually at precisely the moment when you are doing lots of things with your hands and can least afford to deal with your watch falling off . It is nice enough to look at but buyer beware .
 This watch is just as described in the description and in the reviews . I ended up returning the watch the next day becasue it just was n't my style . I have a Movado and a few Seiko 's so I guess I am just used to the size and wieght of larger watches . Though in this Skagen Watch I did appreciate the ease in which you can adjust the band length yourself with only a little screwdriver . The blue face is very attractive and eye catching and the watch itself is very light . If you like larger watches with wieght and substance , I doubt you will appreciate this watch as much as someone who wants a lower profile , light-wieght watch .
 yes , this is an attractive watch , but beyond the superficiality of that is the reality of it being a one-star . one-star to emphasise the uselessness of this watch in anything but the perfect light , mostly daylight . in any lesss light it is IMPOSSIBLE to see the hands , there is not enough contrast between the hands and the blue dial . the crystal is such that when light from lightbulbs etc shine on it there is a glow-reflection that hides the hands , to where they can not be seen . I was in a dimly lit resturant , in a brighlty lit casino , in the bedroom with a floursence bulb in the lamp and in none of these could i read the time due to the reflective glare . so the watch , time-reading , to me is rendered useless . all the watch then is . . is just jewelry.onto the clasp mechanism ... man , who designed that monstrosity ! it is lift this , push that , hook over this , press here ... it is COMPLEX ! and it does not work very easy ! it is hard setting up to the size , it is hard putting on , easier to take off , but also easy to then loosen the wrong part and everything comes apart and there goes the watch toward the floor . my wifes landed on the bed , and so did not break ... but the landing n a hard floor . . maybe bye bye crystal as it may easily break . the clasp , the clasp , go to no war with those who designed this foolish mechanism , you 'd be shot before figuring out how to set it , get it on or get it off.and if you are older , and your hands a little worse for wear , no way will you master the clasp.if i could send it back i would !!!! , now lets see , a gift ... yes who do i not like : - -RRB-
 No second hand and no date indicator are minuses . Nice look for everday watch .
 The watch is on its way back , because it arrived with a dead battery . Bummer.That said , while this watch is extremely light and comfortable to wear -LRB- for the hour or so that I had it on -RRB- , the instructions say that you ca n't wear it in the shower - and it 's pretty small . I 'd have dealt with it because it 's a good looking piece , but it 's noticeably smaller than any other men 's watch I own.Don ' t miss this detail
 I bought this for a christmas gift . It was broken in under 3 months . My husband wears it only to work at a desk job . I thought the battery was out took it in for replacement and was told it was broken . The jeweler showed me that if you roll watch in your hands the watch hands jiggle . This is the second like it we bought and the second broken watch we have . Unfortunately I did n't learn my lesson the first time . My husband really liked the look of it so I tried again .
 why is it 50 % more than regular price ? Can i buy it at regular price please ?
 In the price range , skagen undoubtedly has the nicest watch designs I 've seen but unfortunately it 's not enough to overcome the problems they have designing functional bands . In less than a year , I paid twice to have broken pins repaired and then gave up when the mesh came unattached from the pin connection and the watch would have needed repair a third time.I know the watch comes with a warranty I did n't take advantage of , but this is an irrelevant point to me . To warranty the watch , I would have had to pay $ 8.95 to skagen in addition to paying shipping and wait weeks for the watch to come back . What good is that ? If I was a `` good customer '' and followed skagen 's procedures , I would have paid at least $ 40 on top of the price of the watch , within a year , just to keep it functioning . I take very good care of my watches and did n't wear this on a daily basis either , it simply has an awfully designed pin assembly . About the same time I bought this watch , I got a skagen as a gift for my girlfriend and to no surprise , it has had the same problems . I just love giving gifts that I have to regularily take to be repaired ...
 I have three Skagen watches . I really liked the way the first one looked so I got another one for casual use.One of them is the blue version of this , 355LSSN . They are beautiful . I would never buy a Skagen watch again , however . Here are the issues I have with them : Most importantly , everything about this watch is proprietary . Changing batteries is a pain as you ca n't find them locally and it costs $ 14.95 and they do not seem to last long . Bands are proprietary as well and is $ 34.95 -LRB- The watch is $ 58.20 as of now !!! -RRB- Also you better keep your sales receipt even though they have lifetime warranty -LRB- so who cares when you bought it ?? -RRB- As for their customer service , it is terrible . I sent in my replacement band and battery with payment for two watches in July and they cashed the check and did n't receive anything until January . I called them and they promised to send a free battery as an apology , but when I received the items finally in March , no battery was included -LRB- let alone a free one -RRB- . I gave up.Other issues : a -RRB- Wire mesh bands
 I read all of the reviews on this watch and saw some claimed the crystal broke without any trauma . I figured that just could n't be ... well , this was the magical exploding watch that did n't last a week . The watch was sitting on the table when the crystal just broke and little glass chards scattered about the table . We 've never seen anything like it ! There is certainly a design flaw with this watch . I loved the sleek look and the lightweight titanium band ... but had to return it due to the exploding crystal .
 This item is look 's good . but when i ordered i found problem on that watch .
 Watch was DOA when I received it . Someone should look before sending . I sent it back but lost money from Amazon .
 I bought this for my husband 's birthday , to replace a Timex that he has had for years which still works , but the band is broken . I thought it would be nice to get him a nice watch with a little more cachet than a Timex . It had to be able to go into our 4 ft deep pool because hubby is too lazy to take it off . So I found this ; water resistant to 100 meters NOT ! The inside of the watch face misted up , end of story . I returned it and am looking for another uncool but reliable Timex .
 I was double checking the details on these Skagen watches since Amazon does make mistakes , sometimes . After trying to find this watch and see if its worth buying , I found it wasnt in the men 's collection but in the women 's . So if you think it looks good , feel free to buy it . Overall , Skagen watches are great . I already bought 2 slimline watches , and thinking of buying another .
 this watch suchwater get in easyly and stop working
 the watch is beautiful , graceful , even elegant ... BUT the clasp is designed by a designer who likes complexity . this has , as do all of the mesh bands , has the clasp from HELL !!! out of the box , it needed a manual to figure out ... this the first warning sign . setting up to the wrist size was awkward and hard to do . then putting the watch on and hooking one mechanism over some rod is very hard , then there are more steps , each one a real challenge . then when i took my watch off , i must have pulled the wrong lever and zip the watch feel groundward . happy to say it ended up on the bed , for had it gone to the hard floor , i may be looking at a new crystal buying experience.an older person with hands no longer working well will find this watch impossible to put on and take off.i could never ever recommend this watch , not for it 's looks , but just for the band and clasp ... foolish foolish person who designed it !
 I would rate this zero stars but the system will not allow me to do this - hence the one star.I bought this watch for my wife as a 2006 Christmas present . The crystal subsequently cracked due to temperature changes . The elegant design of a thin gold rim holding the crystal can not stand large rapid temperature differences . I went to my local jeweler who was very familiar with the crystal issue with Skagen watches . I called Skagen , seems they are aware of this problem too . However the only option offered was to send the watch back for repair - pay $ 25.00 for repair of the crystal , pay $ 8.95 for s & h and then pay insurance and return postage . As I paid $ 65.00 for the watch I consider this a total ripoff . I would not buy another product from Skagen and recommend that Amazon discontinue selling any Skagen products until they become a responsible corporate partner . It is a pretty watch and seemed like a good deal - but it is not turning out that way . Or you can buy this watch and only wera it in warm climates .
 We tried to set the time when we received it and the hands started moving independently of each other . Returned the damn thing .
 The armbands on these watches are not on hinged pins , but attached directly to the housing of the watch . That makes them prone to breakage , and when they break they are almost impossible to replace . I 've found quite a few stores that sell Skagen watches but none that sell Skagen armbands . I 've been told that I would have to send the watch in , which would take 4-6 weeks and cost more than half the original sale price of the watch . Great design , but I 'm not going to buy another Skagen watch !
 I had the unfortunate experience of trying to replace a black leather band of my Skagen watch . I found no one in the SF Bay Area that could do so . I was directed to the Skagen Service and Repair department in Reno , NV . I placed my order -LRB- $ 30 + -RRB- and never heard back from them . After countless telephone calls , I finally received a generic letter stating that the band was out of stock and might have to wait 90 days for its replacement . I was reluctant , but had no other choice to report them to the BBB . Within 3 days my replacement band was received ! Furthermore , this watch was not from Denmark , but manufactured in China !
 Overall , this is a nice Skagen , but unfortunatly it was n't as thin as I wanted it to be . I have a different skagen that is way thinner than this one . If you are a starter , by all means get this watch . but if you like Really thin , do n't go for this watch
 Within 2 days of receiving this nice-looking watch , the paint on the clasp andsome on the mesh band flaked off , leaving strips of dull gray next to the nice black color on the band . This totally ruins the look of the watch . Any ideas on what kinds of paint I could use to replace the paint that flaked off ?
 Selecting Skagen , I thought I was buying a quality watch ... Far from that.It may look beautiful , but in a week or so after you start wearing it , its black polish starts to fade , leaving awful white patches . . What is more , the little ` mails ' that compose the mesh have began to loosen on the creases ... The closing mechanism is so badly designed , that the watch spontaneusly falls off from the hand all the time . A total disappointment and a waste of money .
 I got this Skagen online thinking that it looked like a nice , expensive watch as a reasonable price -LRB- as the reviews also pointed out -RRB- . I was disappointed after receiving the watch however , as the mesh band looks like a cheap nylon band , even relatively close up . Although I like the idea of a smaller watch , the face looked very small on my wrist especially with the wide mesh band . I returned this watch for a refund and learned that you have to try before you buy .
 I loved this watch . It looks cool , it 's weightless on , it seemed durable , and I 've recieved a bunch of compliments . The problem that I 've had is that the crystal broke without provocation . I never hit it on anything or dropped the watch , I just woke up one day and it had two big cracks that run through the center of the face . I have had this watch for less than 3 months . To make it worse I had another one just like it right before this one and the same thing happened in less than two weeks . I thought that the first was a lemon or something and liked everything about the watch , except what had happened , so I choose an even exchange . Wrong choice . The titanium is strong , but the crystal is week . My advice is
 Pro
 WELL , HAVE THE STAINLESS SKAGEN MESH WATCH . THE CRYSTAL CRACKED FOR NOREASON . REPAIR IS MORE THAN THE WATCH IS WORTH . THAT WAS MY LAST EVERSKAGEN . VERY BAD PUBLIC RELATIONS . I DONT RECOMMEND SKAGEN WATCHES AT ANYPRICE .
 The watch was purchased and given as a gift to a person that lives abroad . After 2 weeks of use the batery was dead . The person intalled a new batery and it worked fine .
 This watch 's crystal face is extremely fragile and unprotected around the edges . I bought this watch as a Christmas present for my adult daughter . Shortly after New Year 's , the watch was dropped and the crystal cracked several times . Undeterred , I bought a replacement . The new one has a scratched crystal and band after 4 weeks of occasional wear . It was used only as a dress watch and not for daily wear . The product description promises a `` scratch-resistant mineral dial window . '' The manufacturer takes no responsibility for damage to exposed crystals and yet they have designed it so that the unprotected crystal sits above the stainless steel casing . Beware .
 The screen cracked . By itself ! This is obviously a design flaw . It was just sitting on the table ... and popped ! Cracked in half.The repair costs like 35 bucks . . Ya right , like I was gon na pay that . I called them and pressed 0 , and got the guy to accept that its a design flaw . He even told me its a very common problem for this watch . I still had to pay the 8.95 for return shipping .
 Minor injury will scratch the `` crystal glass '' . Band is prone to breakage without unusual use . I agree with difficulty in changing battery .
 I bought this model because it looks great . I paid $ 100 for it from one of the department stores . From the day I bought it the watch has lost about 10 to 15 minutes a day . I thought it was the battery so I replaced it for $ 10 but that did n't help . In order to get it repaired I had to send it to Skagen via special delivery which cost me $ 12 more . I checked my mail today and they sent me a letter asking for $ 8.95 for the cost of repairs or else I wo n't get the watch back . I 'm trying to figure out why I 'm being asked to pay for repairs for a watch that is clearly under warranty . I 'll be calling them tomorow to find out . In the meantime . . do n't buy a Skagen watch unless you like cheap junk and lousy service .
 Nice watch but the flimsy metal clasp broke after 3 months . I took it back to the store . They fixed it but changed me for it . It 's broken again after another 3 months .
 My partner and I both own Skagen watches . We love the design but the workmanship is of a very poor quality . His leather watch strap , amongst other things , has been replaced every 8 months and the leather can not be replaced with another better quality one - we 've asked ! Service involves sending the watch away and it takes 4 weeks or longer for them to return it . They do not e-mail you once they have received the package so it means as a customer you may have to call/e-mail/follow up several times as they have misplaced / `` lost '' our goods at times . Complaints go unacknowledged . At the time of this review , the winder has fallen off my watch and I am girding myself for what feels like another battle to get customer service . Prospective buyers - the watches do not last . We regret our purchases !
 I was very disappointed with this watch . It looks cheap , fake , I 'm not sure how to describe it . Skagen are know to be thin watches , this was not thin and the wrist band looked too silver as if it was n't stainless steel . I had to return it , even though I paid a lot less than the department store . I will save up my money and get the ` real ' thing .
 I received one , A diamond away.Very ugly , I need refund!I need refund !!! What a pool quality !!! What a very pool quality !!!
 Too small . Completely disappointed . Cant return because live abroad . It is too much complicated . Next time , will buy only after take a look at a shop . The picture makes you think it is much bigger .
 I purchased this watch about a year ago after losing my first Skagen watch that I really liked . My watch is only exposed to water when I wash my hands ... I always remove it to shower or swim , but somehow water penetrated the watch and tiny droplets were visible inside against the glass . After disappering a couple of days later , I though my watch was fine , but now I 'm noticing that it is n't keeping accurate time . It has slowed 10 minutes and I 'm sure it is n't the battery . Nice looking watch but obviously not water resistant .
 I am actually sorry I bought this watch . It is very pretty , and I like that very much , but it just falls off my wrist every time I try to wear it . I am sure I will lose it . I may try to have the catch altered , but I hate to throw good money after bad .
 Very nice design and stylish . Long battery life . Band is very stylish but does have a tendency to fall apart and become sharp - and catch on shirts , etc. . Band is not under warranty .
 I lost my Skagen watch , so I ordered this one as a quick replacement . Therefore , I need it ASAP . I do n't have time to spend more $ $ and take this to someone to change the batterry . This is ridiculous ! Every watch I buy , the battery is included . I had to try to pop open the back by myself , and I ended up cutting my thumb open with a knife . Still have n't gotten the back open yet . Awful .
 Watch has great style appeal , but the watch I received did not work . Returned the watch . Return process was very efficient .
 This is a beautiful design , but the workmanship is terrible . The watch fell off my wrist within ten minutes -- the clasp is worthless -- AND the watch face popped off when it hit the carpet . Please .
 I bought this watch and initially loved it . Very pretty . Very simple . Extremely comfortable.However , the mesh is a bit delicate for everyday wear . I do n't know what happened exactly , but after a few weeks of wear the corner of the mesh strap caught on something and I got a really bad bend in the middle of the strap . Its impossible to shape it back together once this happens . And the threads of the mesh are super sharp when they come apart like this , so in addition to being obviously damaged , its unwearable.I have to send it back to Skagen now . We 'll see how the customer service is .
 I purchased this watch for my wife and have to say that I was happy with the appearance of the watch . My brother purchased a watch from Skagen and I have always liked the way it looked . He did n't have any problems with his , but my experience was n't so positive . The watch I purchased had a clasp that was unnecessarily difficult to buckle and so it was sent back and replaced . The replacement watch had a clasp that worked well , but the watch ca n't keep time . It falls behind 10-15 minutes per week . I would think that constructing a watch that stayed on time would be a primary objective for a watch manufacturer .
 At first when I got the watch and wore it I got a lot of compliments . Now the metal color is coming off and I have n't worn it that much . I am very disappointed at this time and will never order another watch again of the particular brand .
 Watch is beautiful , but we were very disappointed to discover that the owner 's manual reads , `` Please check the back of your watch for the water-resistant rating '' . The manual states that no marking indicates that the watch is not water resistant . This watch has no marking , even though the product description on Amazon states that it is water resistant .
 This watch is a bit of a disappointment . The face is not as thin as I expected for a Skagen watch and the overall quality does not appear to be the same . My husband has a Skagen watch with a similar mesh band which is a better quality and it has a much thinner face . Also , the ring around the watch face is a darker grayish color and not silver/steel as I expected from the photo . The clasp is a bit difficult to open and close , but seems secure enough . I have not worn it yet so can not comment on how it keeps time . It looks as though it will not wear well , but hopefully that will not be the case .
 Watch is gogeous . Price is great , The clasp/closure the worst . Had to have a professional change it to size as I could not understan the directions . Wore it twice and it fell off again . Retuned it ... Disappointed .
 I purchased this watch on Amazon thru Zuckers Gifts INC & it broke shortly after which i got a complete run around & no one would replace it of fix it , im sorry but i always knew Skagen stands behind their product but i guess i was wrong.NEVER AGAIN SKAGEN !!!!!
 I have a Skagen watch myself , one of their titanium ones . Its for about 4 years now and it 's still on my wrist , running strong on the original battery . I love the design of their watches , the slick bands , the minimalist faces , and most of all the thin/flat faces that do n't make mincemeat of my dress-shirt cuffs like most of the other gaudy monstrosities on the market that look more Fred Flinstone 's sun-dial watch . Come to think of it , my band actually broke as well , but the repair process was so hassle-free that I had almost forgot about it . Sent it into their warehouse in NV and had it back on my wrist in about a week.That being said , I bought this for my wife for Christmas and she loved it for about 3 months . Then it broke . The tiny metal clasp either bent so that it 's now straight and wo n't hook or it completely broke off , we ca n't tell.Skagen wo n't fix it without 25 bucks for a new band . The watch is n't THAT nice . My wife has since bought another watch from fossil that she likes and that 's still going strong.So I guess this review is kind of bitter-sweet . Love the design , hate the build quality of the band , and customer repair service is hit or miss .
 Nice looking watch , a little small . It worked for 12 hours , went to a jeweler to replace battery -LRB- needs a special tool to open -RRB- jeweler replaced battery it still did not work . Returned & Amazon gave a full refund .
 Only runs half the time . Runs for three or four hours then stops . The crystal broke after 1 week . Do n't waste your money .
 Crystal broke easily and cost more to have fixed than I paid for the original watch . Great look and feel however . Time keeping seems to be perfect .
 I bought this watch last week , it showed up in a couple of days , but I hated it . I was looking for a simple , modern watch , and the photos make it look like it might fit the bill , but the band is a cheap leather imitation like you 'd see on a child 's watch , and the overall impression was flimsy as opposed to sleek . Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere .
 I bought this watch and a similar Skagen model in brown . The watch does n't feel slim and elegant , it feels cheap . The band is ultra thin and glued not sewn , connected to the watch case by two small screws so I assume finding replacement bands will be a chore . I got the watches for around 55 dollars each and even at that price I feel like I got screwed . I own a Wenger , Seiko , Stuhrling , 2 Invictas , and have a Burett on the way . For the price I think Wenger -LRB- Swiss made -RRB- , and Seiko are the way to go when it comes to quality at a reasonable price .
 The watch looks much bigger and heavier online but in fact it 's lighter and smaller . Ok watch . I removed a second watch from my wish list and returned this one . I will not buy this watch brand .
 I have purchased three Skagen watches including 2 of these leather watches and one Chronograph . All three have broken crystals within the first month . The chronograph shattered when I set it down . It was not even dropped . The style of these watches is the reason I purchased them but I should have know that you give up quality for a low price . I now have one working watch out of the three . Look somewhere else .
 This watch looks great . It 's every bit as nice as the picture online . The wristband is a bit stiff , but loosens up a little in time . The profile is incredibly thin and makes for a great fit under a shirt cuff.But the major function of a watch is to tell time . That 's where this one fell short . After two days it stopped . I reset the time and it started up again , so I thought I must have not clicked in the stem correctly . After another week it stopped again . Another careful reset and it worked fine . In fact , it then lasted for four weeks - thus taking me past the return period ... After that , it stopped about every four days and has now died altogether.The problem could be as simple as a dead battery -- I should note that it was shipped to me with the watch ticking , unlike usual watch shipments that have the stem withdrawn so as not to drain the battery . Who knows how long it sat in a warehouse ticking away and shortening the battery life . But replacing the battery means losing the vacuum seal and thus the water resistance . On a new watch . Not what I 'd expected.Overall I 'm thoroughly disappointed and would recommend against buying it .
 I have owned a similar Skagen watch for four years or so . Like other comments , the crystal cracked after less than a month , but I had it replaced at a watch repair place and never had a problem again . This watch looks and feels great , but there were two problems with the watch I owned . First , the watch band is only replaceable by ordering from Skagen directly for about $ 35 . I 've always gone to Target or Wal Mart to buy new leather watchbands , but this style is very unusual , and what is really annoying is that you ca n't get it from a Skagen retailer or find a knockoff anywhere . I replaced the band about two years ago by printing out and mailing back an order form to Skagen -- no Internet ordering . What a pain ! Next , the watch stopped every month or so . At first , I thought it was the battery , but my watch repair place said the battery was fine . By pulling out and pushing back in the stem , the darn thing would start again and be fine for another month.This month , both the watchband and battery needed to be replaced , so I tossed it in the trash and am looking for a similar watch in another brand . I love how the Skagens look , but I 'm very disheartened about their reliability .
 I was pleased with this product for the first few months . Then the band decided to start blackening my dress shirt cuffs -LRB- on the inside -RRB- . I sent an email to skagen customer service asking if there was a nonblackening wristband that I could replace the original with . They said the band was designed for this watch and there was no other . OK , I sent a reply asking if this was normal or maybe just an unusual occurrence that might be corrected with a replacement band . They did not reply and I did not receive any ` no reply ' email , nor was the address marked as no reply . So I assume they received that email and did not reply . The watch is clearly a dress watch and I do not wear short sleeve shirts so it 's useless to me now . Will go to goodwill so I give it two stars for the next owner .
 Well you ca n't tell the hour unless you sit and study it for about 30 seconds and it scratches very easily and I would n't recommend buying this online as you most likely have to take it to get links out unless you have a gynormous hand and it 's not worth $ 50 . Go to target and buy yourself a nicer one for $ 20
 I bought this watch as a birthday present for my boyfriend and after a little over one year the bezel and crystal fell off while he was walking . The bezel got nicked because it hit the cement . He wore it only in an office -LRB- had another watch he wore outside of work -RRB- and never did anything unusual that would cause this to happen like dropping it or slamming it into a wall . I sent it to Movado and repairs totaled to a little over $ 500 . They also claimed that the clasp was loose and needed to be replaced -- something we did n't know was a problem . So in one year 's time , basically this $ 1000 `` high-end '' watch was falling apart and the cost of repairs were more than what I paid for it.Since they claimed the watch received `` shock '' -LRB- even though as I said he never did anything out of the ordinary with it besides where it to work -RRB- nothing was covered under the warranty . Unbelievable.Movado should not be considered a high end , quality watch . If fact , they seem to be cheaply made and are of such poor quality.His Kenneth Cole watch has survived all his outdoor activities for over 5 years.I will never purchase a Movado product again nor will I reccomend it to anyone . Buy any other brand than Movado .
 I thought long and hard before buying my first luxury watch . After all , a fancy watch is a piece of jewelry - if I want accurate timekeeping , I can look at my cellphone.Movado seemed like a good brand to start with . Sleek good looks , fits under a dress shirtsleeve , and within my $ 1000 price range.I wore it happily for two years.One day , I was supervising the installation of some equipment on a rooftop , in the rain . Not heavy rain , because I did n't seek out an umbrella , and I was in a suit . The watch was shielded from direct water contact by the suit jacket and my shirt , but the ends of my sleeves did get wet eventually.The next day , I noticed that the inside of the crystal had fogged up . I found this very surprising!I put the watch on a windowsill in the sun , to heat it up and hopefully drive out the moisture . Eventually the fog disappeared . I went back to wearing the watch . However , 2 weeks later I noticed the hands had ` something ' on them , and 1/3 of the face had a different sheen . I took it to a watchmaker , who said the hands were corroded and the face water-damaged . I explained what had happened , and he could n't offer an explanation except to say that maybe water * vapor * got into the watch because of the damp , warm confines of my wet shirtsleeve . He put it on the vacuum tester and pronounced it 100 % watertight!I had him change the battery and re-test the watch ; still tight . I contacted Movado in Canada , to find that it was 4 months out of warranty , and that I was out of luck . To replace the hands and face at my expense would have cost as much as I paid for the watch.Though I love my watch and can only see the corroded hands and damaged face if I look closely , I wo n't buy another Movado because of this .
 I had wanted a Movado for some time and finally decided to spend the money and buy one . I wish I had researched these watches before dropping nearly a thousand dollars on one.After wearing it less then 50 times in the year that I have owned it the link that is connected to the face broke and I tried bringing it back to the store that sold it to me but they are not an authorized Movado repair shop and the closest one was over a hundred miles away . The Movado solution is to ship it to their central repair office at the cost of the customer . So I did that and the price tag is $ 311 to replace the single link that had just broken on its own.I have talked to other people with Movado watches and it seems like most people that I have talked to have had problems like mine . I can not see how the Amazon reviews are so good for these watches when nearly everyone that I have talked to has had terrible things to say about them . My $ 50 Seiko has lasted 5 times longer without incident . DO NOT BUY A MOVADO - you will spend a lot of money on a watch that looks great but will not last .
 Title says it all . Checked it against all tide data . Unless NOAA , Scripps Institute of Oceanography , lifeguards , dive shops , surf shops etc are all wrong ...
 My husband bought this watch for my birthday in 2003 . Within the first year it began to show signs of wear . The face scratched VERY easily , and the gold began to wear off . Within the second year two of the crystals fell out , and the gold continued to disappear . The watch really looked bad.So I sent it to ESQ to see if it could be repaired . They replied with an estimate of $ 95 , and that did not include and repair to the gold . I was told that that would require gold-plating which was more expensive to do than the watch was even worth , and that the damage to the watch was normal wear and tear . There was no way I was going to pay such an excessive amount and still be left with a watch that looked worn and old . I requested that the watch be returned to me as is.My Timex watch that I have had since high school has lasted far better than this ESQ. . The ESQ is overpriced for the quality . I would NEVER buy and ESQ watch again unless it was under $ 50.00 . Can you imagine paying over $ 300 for a watch that looked unpresentable within two years ? Never again .
 After visiting one jewler who replaced the battery and it would not run , I took it to a second and they inserter and sealed the back correctly . It ran perfectly . I would change this review to 5 stars as this is a well made handsome watch I got at a great price . I do n't think it is available any longer though.This is a very handsome watch and has a clean look . It is also a very heavy watch.I was really happy with it at the price I paid . It looked good with casual clothes and with business attire . It 's heaviness was the only drawback.I give it a generous 2 star rating because mine went dead after two years , outside the warranty period . It would cost me more to repair it than it cost to purchase it . I have a 16 dollar casio that will last forever , and my eighty dollar citizen is still going strong after 15 years though showing wear . Go figure.The other question I have is that it was listed as discontinued two years ago and it is still on the market?Hope you have better luck with yours that I did mine .
 Bad quality cristal , too soft , i fall down into the floor and broke the cristal and the metal band . It 's imposible to me belive tha the original price could be 400 . - $ , NEVER .
 I bought a Casio watch on October 17 , 2009 . The case broke on June 16 , 2010 . I took it to where I bought it and they said that since it was the casing that broke I had to contact Casio . I contacted Casio and they said to send it to them AT MY EXPENSE and they would let me know if the repair would be covered under the warranty . Well , you guessed it , it was n't covered . Can you believe that ? 9 months and they would n't repair it ! Casio said that they do n't cover the case under warranty . Well , gee , what is a wrist watch without the case ? I will NEVER buy another Casio watch again .
 Nice watch for the money , easy to see the time against the black face , however the clasp on the band is useless . Does not stay closed . Looked to send it in for warranty fix or new clasp but that would cost $ 28 for S&H ... inexpensive watch , I guess you DO get what you pay for . Disappointed with their warranty service .
 True to it 's design as a Rolex knock-off , this is an attractive watch . Mine was the blue dial with the blue bezel . Substantial , but not overly large/heavy . I wore it quite often for the 9 months I owned it , but it took the wear & tear quite well.Unfortunately , the watch simply would not keep accurate time . Either it was running too fast -LRB- gaining something like 5 minutes a day -RRB- or it would stop no matter how regularly it was worn . It was frustrating enough when the automatic feature would n't keep it running when it was taken off over night . But when it would n't keep runnning even after I began wearing it 24 hours a day , I gave it away.As others have said , beware Invictas with automatic movements . This is a very nice looking watch -LRB- disregardig the hokey magnifying window over the date -RRB- , but I bought it to be a watch , not just a piece of jewelry .
 The watch , which is obviously a knock off of a Rolex Submariner , has a good feel to it , and is nice looking to wear.Don ' t expect Rolex performance ... it gains about a minute a day with my activity pattern . It runs down if you do n't wear it for a day or two . Frankly , I 'd pay a little more and get a Citizen Eco model ... I have one of those which is better quality and keeps perfect time no matter what . I can only give this a `` so , so '' recommendation .
 This watch is a nice looking watch but very bulky . The automatic movement does not work well . This watch keeps poor time , losing about ten minutes a week if you can keep it running . The only way to keep it running is to wear it when you sleep at night . If you take this watch off and let it sit for eight hours it will stop . You have to reset this watch every single day . Also , the latch on the band is very poor and comes undone easily . I used this watch for about a month and threw it in the trash . It was n't worth the postage to send it in for repair . All in all , the worst watch I have ever owned . No more Invicta automatics for me . The only reason I rated it a 1 star is because they did n't give me a choice of zero stars .
 I bought this watch winder for a Christmas 2007 present for my husband and it worked great for about 4 months . I contacted the seller for a replacement and they will not respond to my requests . Do not waste your time on this watch winder .
 There is a smell from the inside that makes my watch and the unit smell awful .
 Have tried this winder with 3 of my automatic watches - all stopped running after a few days on this `` winder '' - only to run well again once I wore them or placed the watches on one of my other winders . I changed the batteries on this unit but had the same result . What a disappointment . I would give it `` 0 '' stars except the box has a pretty finish to it - maybe I can use as a nice display case for a QUARTZ watch ! Definitely would NOT recommend it !!
 This my first purchase of an Invicta watch . In the past I have worn Bulova , Pulsar , and Anne Klein . My favorite is Bulova . They make classy yet durable watches . I was debating between the Bulova two tone watch and the Invicta 8942 . I decided to go with the Invicta because I was curious to try this brand and the visual appearance appealed to me slightly more than the Bulova . What a mistake ! I received the watch broken ! All tags and protective films on the watch were intact but the pin that keeps the band connected to the dial was off . Needless to say I was extremely disappointed . I researched the Invicta warranty and I found out that it would cost me $ 25.00 to ship the watch back to them to fix . I was all prepared to return the watch and get my money back but I attempted to fix it myself . After about an hour of fiddling with it , I successfully connected the band back to the dial . Yippee , at least I do n't have to spend anymore money to get it fixed . First impressions carry a lot of weight with me . I will not buy Invicta again . I will stick with Bulova !
 When the watch first arrived , I was thrilled ! It looks great , can be dressed up or down , has a nice weight to it , and was reasonably priced ... so for the first few months of ownership I was totally happy ! There was even the nice bonus feature that the watch hand and number dials subtly glow in the dark.However , after owning the watch for about 4 months , the seal on the watch apparently started to break down , and a little water got in the face through normal use -LRB- I think perhaps from the date/time adjustment dial , though it was in the ` closed ' position ... I never took this watch underwater so it was just from routine wear -RRB- . At first I thought this was no biggie - it has happened once in a while to watches before , and sometimes the water will just dry out with no problem . Well , after a few weeks the visible moisture went away , but in its place were tiny dots of white over the watch face/dials . I am assuming that it must be mold , and it has made the watch rather unsightly to look at -LRB- although it still technically works -RRB- . Fast forward another 3 months , and the mold has grown rather than diminished , to the point I 'm ready to throw the watch out.Needless to say , the experience has made me wonder about what kind of quality you are really getting in Invicta watches ... I am now in the market for a watch again , and although the great looks of the watch are still tempting , I think I will stay away from the Invicta brand .
 I bought the aforementioned watch on August 12th . 2 days after receiving the watch , it stopped working . I called Invicta as indicated on the warranty that came with the watch . They told me to send them the watch and they would repair it . I sent the watch to Invicta -LRB- which cost me $ 12.00 -RRB- as instructed to do so by Invicta personnel . I called Invicta a week later and was informed that I needed to send an additional $ 28.00 to pay for shipping to Switzerland for repair . I asked them why they would not replace the watch because I had only had the watch for 2 days before it stopped working . I provided the required proof of purchase with the watch when I sent it to Invicta , so they could clearly see I had only had the watch for 2 days prior to it now longer working . They told me then , that if I had wanted to replace the watch I had to send it back to Amazon , but I no longer had that option because I had already sent the watch to Invicta . I was informed that I needed to pay an additional $ 28.00 and it would be at least 90 days before I received my watch back from repair . If the company had simply told me to send the watch back to Amazon in the first place , I would have done so , but as I previously stated , the company told me to send them the watch and never made mention of the option to send the watch back to Amazon . At this point , I 'm not going to see my watch again until Christmas . Gee , I wish I knew then what I know now . Thanks for your query .
 I bought this watch over a year ago . It was a really good looking watch . However , a little after a year it stopped working . When I took it in to buy a new battery , I found out it was not the battery that was bad . The watch was sent by my jeweler , a reputable jeweler with whom I have done business for years , to a Seiko watch repair who said the watch was no longer being manufactured and that they had stopped making this watch something like 10 years ago . Also , to fix the watch would be $ 87.50 , the `` standard '' price to refurbish Seiko watches . Since I only paid $ 125 for it in the first place , I did n't think it was worth it . I 've worn Seiko watches for years and years , and this is the first time this has happened . Maybe your 's will last longer ...
 It 's ok overall for the money , but if you think you 're going to get something like a $ 100 mahogany product for $ 25 , think again . Cheap plastic box with a basic motor in it all made in China . when new , it 's really silent but after couple of weeks or so , it becomes noisier and noisier and now it 's like a cofee grinder . plus , I think if you leave the watch on it for 4-5 days or more , it will eventually stop winding itself , the machine just spins too slowly and monotoneusly to move the rotor inside the watch . When it finally breaks down , will most likely NOT buy another one .
 The winder is very cheap . It works but I will be amazed it if last more then a year .
 Well I guess you get what you pay for . I bought two of these . After 6 months the belt on one was rubbish so I put a rubber band on it . That never worked quite right and you should n't have to take your winder apart all of the time fixing it anyway . On the second one the motor died after 1 year.Watch for these being sold by others as well ...
 Unit is exactly as presented , operates quietly , flexable progam , however it quit almost 1 year to the day after purchase . The circuit board and connections are first class , but evedintly the motors geartrain could be more durable .
 I have a Seiko kinetic watch that this unit does work on . The unit works as adverstised however the circular motion the watch moves in does not work on keeping my watch wound .
 It 's not a high quality winder . Mine was not quiet from the begining and sometimes I need to take the power cord out and in to get it to start.By the reviews I read before buying it , I knew what to expect , so I am OK with it . Now , I wish I had get one with both ac and dc power to put the watch in the safe .
 We bought this as a gift for our son on a special occassion . One week later , in a shallow pool and after splashing around for only a few minutes , it stopped working . Replacing the battery -LRB- at 1/3 the cost of the watch -RRB- did nothing . Takes a licking ? No , it did n't even take a gentle splash .
 So why does Amazon feature this watch as one of their gold box specials at a fraction of its alleged retail value ? Remarkably it 's the heaviest watch I 've ever owned , surprising for a device that simply keeps time and marks the date . Thin and graceful it is n't , though it does have diamond inserts in the eight places where there are n't numbers . The main difference from the pictured watch is the gold numbers of the actual watch , making it harder to read than the one in Amazon 's picture . Also , the gold-framed square area tends to infringe on the date number . Despite the limited functions and the size and weight of the piece , it 's not as easy to read as my Timex.The fairly massive band accounts for much of the watch 's weight . And even at its `` shorter '' length , it 's way too big for my wrist , sliding off my hand with no problem at all.It 's made in Japan , and comes in a fairly large cushioned leather box -LRB- what possible use let alone space could there be for these ostentatious packages ? -RRB- . There 's a warranty but no instructions -LRB- forget about making the band fit without paying a jeweler to size it to your wrist -RRB- . Lessons learned
 While I like the lightness of this watch -LRB- I hate wearing watches because most of them feel heavy on my wrists , and this is one of the few watches -LRB- other than my Swatch Skin watch -- a plastic watch , essentially -RRB- that I actually wear frequently . All the other reviews I agree with in this regard.However , the quality I found is `` You get what you pay for . '' After about 1 year , which incidentally is the Warranty Period , the watch started falling apart . First , the little tab on the clasp broke off . Then , one of the dial markers -LRB- the 7-o'clock marker -RRB- popped out and was floating around banging around inside the watch face . Then lastly , the watch keeps dying on me . I changed the battery with new fresh batteries 3 times already , and it dies on me all the time . I take off my watch at night , wake up the next day before going to work , and see that the watch stopped around 2am the night before . I have to adjust the time , then go to work . Then , sometime during the day it 'll stop . I look at my watch and I think it 's 3:15 pm -- what a long work day ... And realize it 's actually 7pm !! Even a $ 10 children 's watch keeps better time than this ... Seeing how the warranty is up , there is nothing I can do about it . So I 'm actually shopping for the exact same watch and came to Amazon . This is a good price , I paid $ 100 + tax at my local Nordstrom . But I am asking myself , buy another $ 100 watch -LRB- or $ 70 at Amazon -RRB- that will last 1 year , or spend some good money $ 500 + for a watch that might last me at least 5 years ?? Hmmm ... Titanium watch selections are limited , though . Especially in the style I want -- traditional , no chrono , clean face with a traditional clasp style . Like this 105LTX watch . But higher quality ... I am still shopping around , but I think I 'm not going to buy this again .
 This is my third Skagen watch . It 's quality is far below the other two which , by the way , were significantly less expensive.The band is a total pain to re-size and has an unfinished , rough-edged feel . Ca n't return under Amazon 's watch policy or I surely would.Stick with a model with a woven or leather band and you 'll be far more satisfied .
 I have three Skagen watches . They are beautiful . However here are the issues I have with them : Most importantly , everything about this watch is propriatery . Changing batteries is a pain as you ca n't find them locally and it costs $ 14.95 . Bands are $ 34.95 . Also you better keep your sales receipt even though they have lifetime warranty.I sent in my replacement band and battery with payment for two watches in July and they cashed the check and did n't receive anything until January . I called them and they promised to send a free battery , but when I received the items finally in March , no battery was included -LRB- let alone a free one -RRB- . Other issues : a -RRB- Wire mesh bands
 I 've had this for a year and a half . I wish it had been a better watch -- I wasted $ 70 . It 's a very attractive watch . BUT -- the clasp is useless . I had to adjust it several times in order to keep it clamped shut , and now the little holding-tab is so soft that I can move it with my thumbnail.Also , the `` super hardened mineral crystal '' -LRB- that 's what it says on the case -RRB- is all scratched up.Skagen has a limited lifetime warranty on its watches -- but it does n't cover the strap or the crystal.What good is a watch that you ca n't wear ? One star , and that 's being generous .
 I bought this model because it looks great . I paid $ 100 for it from one of the department stores . From the day I bought it the watch has lost about 10 to 15 minutes a day . I thought it was the battery so I replaced it for $ 10 but that did n't help . In order to get it repaired I had to send it to them via special delivery which cost me $ 12 more . I checked my mail today and they sent me a letter asking for $ 8.95 for the cost of repairs or else I wo n't get the watch back . I 'm trying to figure out why I 'm being asked to pay for repairs for a watch that is clearly under warranty . I 'll be calling them tomorow to find out . In the meantime . . do n't buy a Skagen watch unless you like cheap junk and lousy service .
 The watch color does not correspond exacrly to the web photo.The case and bracelet is in fact graphite color and not steel , as it appears in the photo .
 I purchased 2 Skagen watches from Amazon , I think they have great styling , thin , very light weight and a good band . The problem is the crystal , my first one only lasted 2 and a half months . Cracked in half . NO warranty at all on the crystal . I have had dozens of watches from Timex to Rolex and never had this problem . The repair is $ 8.95 shipping plus $ 25,00 for the crystal . So how many stars ? 5 for style , 1 for durability .
 I 've owned three of these watches and each one has had its crystal cracked . So , I finally got the hint and stopped buying them.It 's a great watch , and very thin , very classy , but not durable in the least .
 I had similar problem most of you got . I do not know what is the problem with Crystal of Skagen watches . I bought in 2003 Thanks giving week end at K 's . Crystal was broke in Jan , 2004 . So store manager sent for repair and got repaired . Luckly he did n't charge me because he understood my concern.Again after a year crystal was broken , I really worried about this time . So one day I found customer support number on Skagen website and called support person . I explained about the situation and I asked to talk to Manager . Manager was quite nice and she sent me new watch and asked me to return broken one . They have sent return envelope to do that . If you guys have similar problem , call skagen customer support .
 I loved this watch . I 'd been looking for a long time and when I found it I wanted it right away . It has a big , simple face and the band is a tight matte weave instead of glaring plated shine.But . The very first night when I set it gently on my bedside table , the entire crystal face cracked in a big circle all the way around . Warranty did n't cover problems with the face but the store owner took pity on me and gave me another . Two nights later I set the new one gently on the bedside table in the dark . When I woke up , the exact same pattern of catastrophic break.Now the owner said that nothing like that had ever happened before but it happened twice in a row and in very short order for me . If I were you I would n't risk it . You might not be lucky enough to get a refund .
 I love this watch , however I have to give it a 1 star rating due to what I believe is a crystal that is made of cheap material . I have had two of these and both have crystals have broken with normal usage . It is a great watch other than that . Skagen promotes their `` lifetime warranty '' , but the crystal and band are not covered and replacement is practically as costly as buying new .
 Great Style , seemingly great value , until you put these products to the test.I had wanted one of these for a while , and as of Christmas '08 I owned the `` Light Weight Titanium Link Part #
 I bought this watch full price from our local department store . It looks nice and is comfortable and sleek on the wrist . I read some of the reviews here and saw people reported the crystal blew out with out any trauma . I thought -- they were crazy.Well , I wore mine for 6 days , took it off for the night and while it was resting on the table we heard a `` ping '' and could not believe our eyes ... the center of the watch face exploded and little chards of crystal were all over ! Had many watches and have never seen anything like this in my life . There is definitely a design flaw with this watch .
 Crystal broke only after 3 days of wearing , looked up warrenty $ 9.00 for shipping and $ 25.00 for replacement crystal . Total $ 34.00 , I got the watch for $ 79.00 .
 Great looking watch , arrived quickly . Appearance is what I expected.BUT , the face/crystal is cracked . Is there a warranty ?
 Like the looks of the watch . However , it 's very noisy and the clasp tends to come apart after removing the watch . The face can also be difficult to read in bright light -LRB- reflection -RRB- .
 I bought it as a replacement for a lost Skagen . I love its sleek and simple style . But the seconds hand was annoyingly loud , and I returned it . A pity that Skagen has n't resolved this hitch .
 I was pretty psyched when I got this last year because it looked amazing and the ticking did n't seem as bad as other people said . It really does look amazing and I 've worn it every day and with suits.But then when I was traveling it randomly broke . I 've never smacked this thing ridiculously hard and one day I looked at it and there was a big crack across the crystal . This propagated and got worse until it was almost completely unreadable . Plus , about halfway through its life the ticking got really noticeable . Sometimes loud enough to bug me when I was trying to sleep . Especially bad if you put it on hard surfaces in certain ways.Now , having owned it and see it broken , I have to agree with the others - looks great but unless you 're set on it , avoid .
 I purchased this watch for a reasonable price , and it was shipped just as stated . However , the watch itself is of poor quality . It looks really nice and has a great feel to it . Very light , however the quality suffers because of this . The glass in the face of this watch is too thin and shatters easily . If you do not wear it outside the home you will probably be fine . I tried contacting the company for a replacement or refund on the item and they told me that the damage could not be fixed or replaced . I do not recommend this product for anyone who wears watches often .
 I bought this watch a few years back . I liked everything about it , except for the SOUND ! One other reviewer mentioned this , so I know it 's not just me . This watch is loud , it ticks and you can hear it at night ... drove me crazy , I used to put it in the closet and close the door , I could hear it 30 ft away from my bed at night . I emailed Skagen about the problem and a customer service rep emailed me back and basically said , `` there 's never been a problem , must be you '' , when I objected and pushed the issue I got a defensive email back from another Skagen rep basically saying that there has never been a problem with this watch , no defects , it 's supposed to work this way . Well ... I misplaced the watch about a year ago , and I have n't gone looking for it ...
 I purchased this watch in 2008 . Within months , the crystal cracked and I sent it back to Skagen for replacement . Again , within months , it cracked again and I had it replaced by a local watchmaker . When the third crystal cracked , I threw the watch away . Good styling does n't make up for bad design .
 Nice looking but with very serious design and/or manufacturing flaw - after LESS THAN 2 month of use in office environment glass CRACKED WITHOUT ANY IMPACT whatsoever . Now I 'll have to find out if Skagen 's customer service is any good . For $ 70 watch I certainly expected better quality.After reading other reviews for this models I realized that many other people had the same issue.BOTTOM LINE - AVOID !!!
 I received this watch in February and the crystal cracked in a major way -LRB- with no abuse or accident -RRB- in July.I 've owned several Skagen watches and been generally satisfied with their performance . However , unlike the other watches of this design that I 've owned , this watch has a crystal that bulges outward . I have read other reviews that indicate that the crystal is a weak point in this watch and I completely agree .
 My girlfriend bought me this watch , and it broke a few weeks later . The second hand simply fell off . I have no idea how this happened . It was not getting banged around or anything . I put it in my gym locker , and when I took it out and put it on , it was broken.This is the second Skagen watch I have had problems with . My previous watch had issues with losing time every so often . Even after putting in a new battery , it still lost time . Needless to say I will not be buying a Skagen watch again.Additionally , this watch ticks very loudly . I needed to put it in a drawer at night or cover it so I could sleep.The only thing this watch has going for it is that it is very good looking . But do n't expect it to last long .
 This was a beautiful watch and very comfortable to wear , however , I recieved this watch as a Christmas gift and before New Years Eve the crystal had cracked . This was not due to any mistreatment on my part , it simply broke . I would recomend avoiding this watch .
 I bought this watch for my husband as a birthday present he liked the sleek very thin design . After 2 DAYS !! Of owning the watch while sitting on the couch we heard a pop and the middle of the crystal cracked and popped out literally flying 2 feet in the air ! He had n't even moved . It reminded me of what happens when you place say a hot glass in cold water it will crack . the funny thing is that the crystal is like 1 inch and the very center of the crystal literally popped out leaving a hole and the remaining crystal still in the watch just an empty donut like hole . I know he did n't drop it or anything and he has an office job so it did n't get smacked around . Very disappointed and Dillard 's would not return or exchange it so it is good to know that Skagen will replace it !
 Having owned a Skagen before , I bought this one . Nice look , color , etc. , but caution
 I purchased a lovely Skagen watch , and within two weeks it was losing time . It was n't the battery . Under warranty it was sent away to have its insides replaced . When I got it back , within a week it had lost 10 minutes . I took it back to the store , and they exchanged it for an identical watch . Guess what . I 've owned the new watch for two days and it is off by 4 minutes . I 'm going to the store today to return it and buy a Seiko instead .
 This is my first and last Skagen watch . After having the watch for less than a month , the watch started losing time . I sent it in for repair under warranty which cost me the outbound shipping and $ 8.95 `` handling '' fee to Skagen . It took almost 3 weeks for the repair -- the `` repaired '' watch arrived and when I removed it from the envelope the time was off by 20 minutes -- assuming it was set for the exact time when it was `` repaired '' I was immediately concerned that it still was n't keeping time . I reset the watch and after 3 days it was losing time again as suspected . What 's the point of having a watch that 's only right once a day -LRB- since it 's got a date feature , it ca n't even be right twice a day like a regular broken watch ... -RRB- ??!! It 's a shame , because this is a classy , beautifully designed watch that I 've gotten numerous compliments on , but it 's worthless to me except as a conversation piece . It 's no wonder there are scores of these available at liquidation retailers like TJ Maxx and Overstock . Save yourself the aggravation and avoid purchasing this junk .
 These watches are prone to cracked crystals . I liked everything about the watch until the crystal cracked and the cost to repair exceeded the cost to replace the watch . After purchasing 2 with the same result I am now wearing my 7 year old TIMEX with no problems . Check the internet reviews before you buy or wear only for dress .
 the skagen watch is very attractive . only problem i have with it is that every so often the watch falls off . it is supposed to snap into place and sometimes it appears to be in place , but is n't and falls off . i fear that at some time i will just lose it .
 The watch was OK , but the clasp was not as described on Amazon , so I did not want it . Sent the watch back in accordance with sellers specs , AND NEVER RECEIVED A REFUND . Seller does not respond to phone calls.VERY UNHAPPY !!!!!
 I dont know if it was just a flaw with my particular watch , but after just over a month of owning the watch i started noticing it was slow and progressively got worse over the next month - now if i set it 5 minutes ahead of the right time , in four days it will be hours behind . It also says its waterproof up to 30m , but Ive only washed my hands with it on and barely got it wet , so I dont know why it is not working . Just looking at it now , im realizing it has been at the same time for the past day ... very dissapointed .
 I will admit that I did not even try to look for any instructions as to how to shorten the band to fit my wrist . But even if I had shortened it , the face of the watch was bigger than I expected . Just too big/long for my small wrist . I returned it .
 No item has been received and Amazon are still strying to track the order . When and If i receive it id be happy to provide a review , but to date I give the service 0 stars .
 I had the same problem as another reviewer where after 2 months the watch started getting slow by several minutes a day . I replaced the battery , did n't help . Sent it to the manufacturer for repairs , and they sent it back claiming to have fixed it , but the problem persisted . And I was out the shipping & handling costs . It is nice-looking , but not a good timepiece .
 The what overall is pretty nice . Skagen is a good quality watch . the problem with this one is the clasp . It 's difficult for a peron to use the clasp and it doesnt always lock when you think it 's snapped in . This clasp is very inferior and causes the watch to fall off sometimes . Not very happy with the overall quality .
 This is a handsome watch . However it came loose in the package and I had to work to make it look appropriate to present as a gift . The catch on the strap does not stay fastened , something which leads to easy loss of the watch . I do n't have time to send it back and get something else for Christmas , but after Christmas I will send it back and get something else for my wife . I am sorry I did n't pay attention to others who had commented about the strap . I figured that they would have seen those comments and fixed the problem , but sadly , they had n't .
 This is a very pretty watch but it does not keep time . Initially it did for about half a year , than it stopped , I had the battery replaced , then it only worked sparodically , keeping time for a few hours to a few days at a time accurately before it slows down or stops entirely requiring the time to be re-set & it 'll re-run again ; so I replaced the battery a 2nd time thinking it may be a faulty battery & the same thing happens . It 's a piece of junk now . What a waste of money .
 While this watch is very nice looking and I love the design , it does n't work so well . The small hand in mine does n't keep up and always looks an hour behind . I had it repaired once after only owning it for 9 months . EVEN UNDER WARRANTY , Skagen charged me $ 13 to repair it plus shipping cost . After less than a year , it 's broken again and I went to the website and they want $ 34 to repair a watch . Plus I have to pay to ship it to them . The watch costs less than $ 100 so at this point , I 'll just toss the thing . Too bad they concentrate mnore on design than function .
 For a watch designed for kids , I would expect a MUCH more scratch resistant face . All of its nice touches are basically useless after a week when the face is so scratched that you ca n't read the time any more .
 I was somewhat pleased with the item . It was too big for my writst , and I 've yet to locate a watch repair shop that can fix it for me . I 'll probably end up giving it to someone as a gift . It was in excellent condition , brand new actually . It 's just not what I 'd expected , but this is a first for me with an online purchase . I 'd certainly buy from the seller again , this is not a damper on my purchasing choices with the seller .
 I just attempted to purchase a watch from the Fashion and Time store , and had an awful experience . The watch was promised for shipping within 11 days , and by day 14 had still not arrived . Finally Amazon sent an Email to me advising that they could not confirm shipment of the product , and I had to contact the Fashion and Time Store to cancel the order . I never received any response to Emails forwarded to the store regarding my order.When all was said and done I was then able to order the same watch -LRB- new -RRB- from a different provider for about 15 % less.I would NOT purchase anything from the Fashion and Time Store again . - Mark Bosscher
 Huge . I mean ... LoL REALLY huge . Size would n't be an issue if it had the corresponding technology ; 1atm water-resistance on a near 1lb . watch ? Come on man ... You might look like a complete `` tard '' wearing this one anywhere other than in the closet on a moonless night . It 's a `` faux Russian '' relic . -LRB- not made in the U.S.S.R. by the way ... -RRB- If you 're looking for a unique paperweight or an over-the-top costume piece -LRB- attention you `` steam-punkers '' -RRB- this is it ... But , would n't be your 1st choice on a Saturday night . Or a Sunday afternoon ... But , if it is ... Then , you 've got bigger problems than wearing this watch .
 I 've owned 2 different Rolex watches -LRB- both were the Explorer II model in all stainless steel -RRB- . While they looked great , both lost about 5 minutes per month . Before quartz , Rolex used to brag about how accurate their watches were . And , that was true at the time . But , now that quartz watches have set the standard for accuracy , Rolex no longer makes any public claims about the accuracy of their watches . While a Rolex is a true product of craftsmanship -LRB- it takes over a year to create each watch -RRB- , if you want accuracy , then you 'll have to go with a quartz watch.Rolex Oyster Perpetual Day-Date 18kt Yellow Gold Diamond Mens Watch 118348
 Rolex watches are way over rated . Being mechanical self winding watches my two lose around 30 seconds per day . My son 's Seiko varies about 1or 2 seconds per month with the WWV time signal
 These batteries typically last less than a month . Apparently you get what you pay for .
 Product came from US I had to pay $ 70 delivery and when arrived I had to pay another 32 import tax and then could not open the box due to the cabin pressure on the flight over causing a vacuum . This sounds ridiculous but I tried many times but the only way to open it would have caused the box to rip and I did not want to give a present in a damaged box . I have now posted back to the US at further expense to myself , and am currently awaiting a refund . What a waste of time and money , lesson learnt !
 The services and delivery process through Amazon online was very good and arrived in quick time . However same can not be said for the 20 - watches burlwood box . It 's a pity though the box was well constructed but the surface finishing was slipshod with unevenly applied clear lacquer on the box top . Although it 's not too expensive one would have appreciated better QC control before delivery by vendor . Too much of a hassle returning and asking for a replacement or refund , will avoid ordering from vendor in future .
 ... does not keep accurate time . Either there is a problem with the mechanism or the battery , which should n't be the case . Overpriced for faulty quality .
 Despite it says WR 10 ATM on the display , it is NOT.Even when you wash your hands gets water inside.It 's almost impossible to read the subdials.I strictly NOT recomend this watch .
 I bought this watch for my son . We both love the way it looks , and figured that since it was a Timex , quality should n't be a problem . However , within 2 weeks of getting it , the second hand fell off and rattled around inside . We returned it , and Amazon was prompt in sending us another one . Unfortunately , it only took one week for the second hand to fall off of the replacement watch . Do n't buy this watch . One could have been a fluke - two is bad workmanship .
 So disappointed to receive a purple watch when I thought I was getting a pink watch . The photo makes the watch look pink -LRB- magenta -RRB- . I do n't think of magenta as being part of the purple family . The watch-aside from the color-was great . Wish I could have kept it ... We will see how well the return process goes ... Zodiac makes a wonderful product .
 My expectation was that this would be midsize unisex watch . Certainly , the photo suggests that this is a sleek , stylish , `` weekend dressy '' watch.Beware if you think the same
 I BOUGHT THIS GARBAGE FOR MY SON DURING CHRISTMAS -- AND LIKE THE OTHER MOSSIMO WATCH I HAD THAT BROKE -- SAME HAPPEN ... IN THE GARBAGE ... AVOID MOSSIMO -- YOU PAY WHAT YOU GET FOR ... DO N'T WASTE YOUR GAS MONEY . .
 If you buy this watch , be sure to save your reciept , because it will fail , and you will need to return it . This has happend twice to me.The MSN service is fairly cool , but after a month or two , the watch starts to reboot frequently , and then it will eventually lock up with a blank screen , from which you can not reboot .
 Mine stopped working in less than 2 weeks . Amazon will take it back , but Microsoft will not refund the $ 60 annual fee I paid , even though they confirm there are problems with the watch -LRB- hardware and software -RRB- that they are still trying to work out . My advice , if you decide to get this watch despite the neg feedback
 It looks like MSN Direct may have discontinued support for this particular watch . They had disabled my watch even though I still had about 9 months left on my account . Then , when I tried to re-add my watch , I lost access to the msn direct website . Now everytime I try to go to the website , with the watch listed on my account , I get an error and it wo n't let me do anything . If I delete the watch from my account , I can access the site fine . Ca n't ever get a hold of MSN Direct to find out what 's wrong . I would n't buy this watch if you want the customization features .
 I charged the watch for 4 hours and set up my MSN Direct service . All without a problem . The watch worked for about an hour and went dead ! I tried to recharge , reboot and manually start the watch but it is just dead
 This watch has a very limited usefulness . I live in Denver CO area . It does n't provide very current traffic data , has a relatively short battery life and a relatively difficult to read face . It looked like a great idea when I bought it , but MS and all tech providers are changing rapidly . I 'm having a hard time selling it and may just wind up making another contribution to our already overloaded landfills .
 My only reccommendation for this model is stay away from it . Get something different . My second watch in less than a month just died and wo n't reset.These models are a piece of junk that should never made it to market . I like the MSN Direct technology , but with watches like this I 'll not be wasting anymore money on the watches or the service from Microsoft .
 I love gadgets so I was real happy to get this . But , it is poorly designed . It hardly ever works . If I go into my basement or on the subway it sets itself to 12:00 . It constantly turns off . Too bad they only give you a 90 day warranty , because they charge you $ 120 to fix this $ 130 watch . Avoid this . It is garbage .
 I had the watch for less than 24 hours and it stopped working . The screen went blank , and no matter how long I charged it , it never turned back on . I am going to try and get my money back , else I have to wait several weeks to get the old one fixed!what a rip ! As with any Microsoft Technology , wait until Generation 2 !
 I wanted to like this thing ... and I did until i realized that it is extremely susceptible to static charge -- which wipes out the data and resets the watch . At least 20 times a day , all of my data would be wiped out and the watch would reset to 12:00 . Signal strength was always pretty good -- but the watch is completely unreliable in my opinion . I have read some message boards on this watch and this is a common problem . It is a defective design . COMP USA charged me 15 % to return it and on top of that MSN would not refund the up front yearly MSNDirect charge -LRB- however , after a few days , a MSN supervisor called back to say that they would credit the money back -RRB- . I have read that the SUUNTO watch should be much better because the antenna is in the watch , not the band . Much less susceptible to static charge . Bottom line = Fossil made bad watch , COMP USA has terrible return policy , and MSNDirect almost swindled my -LSB- $ -RSB- -- but after some persistence , they made right .
 Mine lasted six days before going dead . Not dead battery , it is fully charged , just a completely dead watch . Judging from the other postings , my experience was better than many.I find it amazing that MS and Fossil did n't delay this product until they got the bugs out . I guess these things build up momentum in the corporation and then no one dares pull the plug . MS will survive another flop , of course . Reminds me of my experience with Windows ME.Also , messaging did n't work inspite of painstaking efforts , showed every Outlook calendar item to 10:30 pm Sunday January 25 , strap extremely tricky to adjust and never feels comfortable , buttons too hard to press and do n't always operate correctly , too big and dorky looking , etc. . I would have kept it inspite of all the above , just cuz I like checking the weather , but like I said , it does n't work at all now .
 Watch LOOKED well made ... but NO CONTACT info was shipped with it for help ... the MSN DIRECT SERVICE was VERY poor ... they try to TAKE charge and do NOT know the product at all ... worse is they can not speak English . I called several times ... got the run around . Every time you call MSN ... they ask WHO you are ... your name . . address ... phone number and on and on and on NO matter how many times you call in.During the SHORT time it worked the DISPLAY was the VERY best I have seen . I purchased it at COMPUSA ... I was the FIRST person to ever purhcase one !! Hmmm I like gadgets!I have never had ANY digital watch EVER die on me ... even the $ 5.00 ones ... my OLD timex 's that have laid in my night stand are STILL working.NOTE
 This is just another gadget that MSN and others have come up with to make some easy money . If you really think that this is a good idea by these companies just send them money directly for R & D. Most likely the money will go toward stock options and more marketing hype . Do n't bother with the S&H ; and the frustration of the junk you just bought . Hope they can get a better product in the future.The huge watch is quite useless . You can get the same information easily on the net or over the radio w/o the $ 60 per year fee . Only works where there is the FM signal . Needs to be charged every other day . btw , you must remove it do recharge with magnetic coupled charger.Not guaranteed to work where you live . You have a local area , so if you travel you can encure more fees like a cell phone.The only nice thing is that you do not have to set the time -LRB- usually -RRB- . Other watches do that as well . Gee , I bought an alarm clock for $ 14 that does the same . And , oh yeah , it gets PRI and NPR as well for the information I need within ten minutes.One star only because I had to give it some rating .
 Many of the features of this device are awesome and show a clear path into the future of wrist-watches . Heaving your watch know your calendar just makes sense.However , there are problems!The watch simply resets itself all the time ! This means that it does not keep track of time well at all , because every time it resets itself , the time of the watch goes to 2am , Jan 1st 2003 . Granted , over the next few minutes , the watch re-aquires the correct time from the server , but even that does not make it OK when the watch resets itself sometimes several times within an hour.Example
 I was going to get the Abacus version of the new MSN Direct watch , but I noticed that almost all the customer reviews of the Fossil versions complained of hardware problems , and none of the Suunto reviews did.The Suunto is shockproof and waterproof , while the Fossil watches are not . The battery life is 5-7 days instead of 2-4 days for the Fossil watches . The antenna is integrated into the watch face , so it ca n't malfunction the way many complain that the Fossil watches do . And the watch uses an ordinary buckle and a strap with holes in it , so there 's no issues with having to get extra hardware to use to adjust the watch strap , as many complain they must do with the Fossil watches.I think the Fossil watches look better , and , obviously , they are cheaper , but it is definitely worth the extra money to get something that you can rely upon , if you 're going to buy it at all . $ 299 in addition to $ 59 a year for service may seem like a lot for a watch , but I know lots of people who pay thousands of dollars for their watches , and those watches do n't really do a whole lot . If you were looking to spend $ 19.95 on your wrist watch , then this one is n't for you . But if you want to spend a little money to get a nice watch , then there are a lot of much more expensive watches , but I do n't know of any nicer ones .
 Very nice looking watch . However , DOA . My understanding is , I can void the warranty and pay a local jewelry store to change the battery or send it in to Invicta . Sending it in will cost shipping , and the price for the battery , take 4 to 6 weeks , and I may never see my watch again if Invicta happens to `` misplace '' it . So - lovely watch but stupid Invicta repair policy garners this product one star !
 Probably the best thing about this set is the tin metal case . The clasp on the watch broke before my daughter could get a chance to wear it . The face on the watch is pretty small , so a bit of a strain to tell time . I did n't realize that actual makeup was included with the play cell phone - recommended for children over 8 ; my daughter is 5 , so this obvious created some parental control issues that I wish I had n't needed to get in to in the first place . All in all a pretty cheap set that I wish I had n't bought .
 I knew it was cheaply made when I bought it . So I guess this was no suprise .
 When I wore the watch in the pool the first time it filled up with water and eventually stopped working . Needless to say , I do not reccommend it as it clearly claims that it is supposed to be water resistant .
 I thought I had found the perfect watch for me . . But after less than 2 hrs of wearing it , I had to take it off because of the PAIN it caused from constantly pulling my wrist hair , and I do n't have very hairy wrists ... I had to return it because it 's not practical to wear a watch that causes pain . . And NO , I would not recommend this watch to anyone .
 The watch band is a nightmare to put on , the ad pictured a different type of clasp . The picture was very decieving .
 When I opened the box I gave it to my wife right away , very small and should be classed under female or kids definitely not men . If I did n't tell her I bought myself a watch already it would have been a lil surprise for her but it did n't work our like that and I 'm very disappointed
 I regret buying this stuff because it does not fit with what I expected , because the clock is too small . http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GB0FYE/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 It does not look rich and the digital little screen is too small to see date and time.I do not recommend this for those folks who want their hand look rich with superb sports watch.Picture look like robust watch but when it came on to my hand I feel it is light weight and delicate.Guys , it is not my recommendation.Thanks ,
 I 've had this watch for two weeks . Good looking watch , and only $ 20.95 , but after wearing it while cleaning our patio with a hose , the inside fogged up . Condensation is ringing the crystal . I 've had inexpensive running watches last for years , but once moisture gets inside , it 's dead . During the two weeks it came in contact with high humidity perspiration , suncreen , water . I expect more from this type of watch .
 I bought this watch three months ago specifically for hiking and backpacking , with its high water-reistant rating and rubber wrist band . It has been on two week-long trips , and developed visible moisture under the crystal each time . Exposure was nothing more than sweat or a minor splash from a stream . I would send it back , but its not worth paying shipping to get a partial refund . Very disappointing .
 This was a watch I dearly wanted to like . It looked like it had it all . A FULL analog display , with the digital display BELOW it , instead of hidden underneath the analog hands for 4 hours every day . Design was nice , simple , neutral colors , and the watch itself is not too large to fit on smaller wrists.Perfection ? well ... not quite ! I do n't know how Casio 's engineers did it , but it is almost as if they purposefully designed the plastic cover of the digital display to catch nearly all angles of light . Then they recessed the display DEEPLY back into the watch face , so if your angle gets too sharp , you ca n't read it ... . But you also ca n't read it head-on due to glare ! You end up having to play hide-and-go-seek anytime you want to read the digital display , carefully angling your wrist until you find the sweet spot . You end up doing that instead of the simple action of just looking at your wrist , noting the time , and moving on with your day . I returned it after less than two days .
 Very small for man and it looks good only on picture but to actually see it , its a bit disappointing . It is plain and simple . Should be priced at $ 20 only
 It 's very small and too plastic only the light is original , I think it could fit more a children than an adult
 Once the package has been opened you ca n't return it except by reselling it through Amazon.I decided to keep it rather than accept the small return I might or might not get through Amazon.Besides , I like the built in light that makes it possible to read the analog time in the dark .
 The biggest problem about this watch is that it is made of very cheap alloy . when you pick it up it is unbelievably light . The features advertized on this watch are very counter-intuitive and very difficult to use . The light on the watch is not the indiglow kind , but the one that shines only a part of the face of the watch . Also , the analog part of the watch is set by using a button that only makes the minute hand move forward.In my opinion , you 're better off paying a little more for a decent watch , but if you are really looking for a cheap watch , just go to Target or Walmart . At least you can try them out before buying them
 Wow , what speedy service -LRB- received in 4 days -RRB- . Good instructions -LRB- but had to be read twice -RRB- to set the digital/analog time as well as the alarms -LRB- reminding me to take my medications -RRB- . Took a few more minutes to adjust the band , but the only real dislike is the watch thickness . The rating is for all the bells and whistles at a very low cost .
 the product came to be if your battery does not change myself for coming back to live in another country , but with the remains of great products
 This WAS a great watch for the price . A little sporty for me , a little dressy for my wife . Large stopwatch numbers -LRB- I 'm a track/XC coach -RRB- for my older eyes . But now I can not read it because the crystal is SO very scratched . I would not recommend this unless you put it in a padded box every night and never hit your arm on anything ever as you walk or work . And I 'm a teacher , so it 's not like I 'm using it on a construction sight . I would have expected better from Casion and Amazon .
 Bought this watch for my husband , one year and two weeks ago . The 10 year battery died 10 days ago . No special use . No underwater use , just normal wear and tear . I bought this watch thinking it would not need a battery change as often . . and replaced his old watch that got about 2 years per battery . . and this one got one year and four days . Would n't recommend it because that is a very misleading statement about this watch !
 both first watch and replacement leaked - never submerged below one meter - supposedly `` water resistant to 50 meters ''
 I loved the price , liked the looks , and was quite happy with this watch ... for one year . Then the analog part of the watch stopped working properly . Such a shame . Other concerns -LRB- minor , considering the price -RRB-
 I bought this watch while in Australia 18 months ago . The analog watch is not precise . The analog , digital and digital world time clocks have to all be set independently , and it 's not easy to do . After about 9 months the watch `` hicupped '' and all settings were lost , but after resetting it worked fine until last week , when the digital display disappeared and the analog clock stopped . But it was n't due to the battery dying -LRB- it 's supposed to last 10 years -RRB- , because the light on the display stayed lit for several days before it finally died . There must be some internal electronic problem ; nothing I did should have caused it to `` freak out '' twice like it did . I wo n't be buying Casio again .
 Functional but too fragile.On the second day got two big scratches all of a sudden . I guess that 's due to a cheap plastic glass . would recommend not to buy them .
 Did not like the watch , ended up exchanging it , dial is to small , dial light is not nearly bright enough , setting instructions are difficult to understand and follow , and print in instruction manual small and hard to read . Ca n't really recommend this product , sorry !
 this produdt is purple there is no blue-ish about it . the style is great the color discription is wrong . i ordered it thinking blue-ish ok it looks more blue then purple in the description . I looked at it when i got home ... . purple not even deep purple . I 'm returning it !!!!!!!!
 Definitely would n't buy another.Pros
 Watch looks nice but the wrist band provided is too small for an average size wrist . There is no outward adjustment - the watch was sent fully expanded and after one day of wear I had an enormous blister on my wrist -LRB- bigger than a quarter -RRB- and about 1/8 '' thick filled with fluid . Called Casio to ask about getting more links - was rudely told they are not available . Ca n't find a watch band locally that will fit . Bottom line I have thrown away my money on this watch . My last Casio lasted about 10 years and still fits but is pretty banged up and that 's why I replaced it with another Casio . Will NOT buy another Casio and will continue to inform people that they are now too cheap to provide a watch band with adequate adjustment .
 I must have received the lemon in the line . The plastic area where the band connects to the face is very soft . Within days the plastic had already pulled apart and the band ripped free . Not sure why such a key area of the watch and the most stressed part of it would be plastic . Not recommended .
 It has some interesting functions like Phone Book and stop watch , however , most of those functions are now can be replace by cell phone ... In addition , even though it claimed 10 year battery life , mine stopped working within a year . For the price of this watch is not even worth the money to replace the battery . I went ahead bought a Seiko instead .
 I found a scratch about 1mm long on the surface of my watch.Also I find lots of scratches on the back of the watch .
 There are a number of excellent Casio models available , and the operational function of this model may be excellent as well , BUT the band is cheaply made , lacks the flexibility of typical metal Casio bands , and is too small to fit my wrist . The watch may work well , but I 'll not know since it does n't work for me to wear it .
 I recieved the watch not functioning either because it is defective or that it does not contain a battery . You must return the watch to Malaysia only and not a local service center . You will pay shipping charges and a 10 % restocking fee . The watch and customer service was not the quality that I expected .
 Casio watch was advertised as waterproof down to 100 meters . It failed on the first submersion as significant moisture collected inside the watch .
 The product is exactly as described . Except the back light . It could use a better light for night viewing .
 I used to like Casio products until I wore this watch . I use it mainly for travel , and changing the time is just too difficult and time consuming . Only good thing about this product is it 's looks .
 I think this will be my last Casio watch purchase . I bought this because I wanted an analog watch with month , date and day . This is my third Casio combo watch and I think it will be my last . Casio 's watches are far too complicated and fussy to set bot analog and digital time . I own a Casio -LRB- supposed -RRB- &#34; atomic clock set &#34; watch but it never has worked and when I fly wearing it , even when it the same time zone -LRB- NY to PA and back to NY -RRB- , the time changes on the watch . It did n't come with an instruction booklet , I had to get it as a pdf online and the print is so tiny , it is hard to read . Rather than having to deal with resetting the watch for DLST , I decided to buy a second inexpensive watch and keep the Casio Atomic for when the time changes . I first bought a Timex a month or so ago and it is terrific and easy to set , but it only provides the date , not the day . Since it was quite inexpensive , I decided to buy this Casio 10-year battery watch , only to find it is a total pain to set . It really is a very decent looking watch , but like the Casio Atomic and a previous Casio , it is a major production to set . Since this is my third Casio with combination analog and digital display and all three are troublesome to set , it must be the trend with Casio watches . I 've not had the watch long enough to see how accurate the time keeping is , but I know one thing , I do not want another watch that takes a half hour of fussing to set the analog and digital settings .
 The battery life was not as advertised . The battery died after a year and a half of owning it which is half a year after the 1 year warranty coverage . Maybe Amazon had it in stock for 8.5 years already ? It seems like it would be a risk to buy one of these watches at this point from Amazon and risk having to spend more money to replace the battery because it might cost just as much as it would to buy another one of these watches . Who knows how long they have their products in storage at their warehouses.I also own theCasio Men 's AW80V-1BV World Time Ana-Digi Data Bank 10-Year-Battery Watchthat I bought at a Walmart back in 2008 that also has a 10 year battery life and the battery is still alive .
 A good watch for under 20 bucks . Band is very cheap mine broke in less than a month .
 The Casio Men 's World Time Watch -LRB- Model AW80-7AV -RRB- has a couple of compelling good points
 The 10yr battery life and the waterproof rating made the $ 20 price a great deal . But , I have had this watch for under 2 years and the seal broke and water got inside.When I checked how the seal was broken I found a large crack in the plastic body of the watch . The crack runs through one of the screw holes -LRB- for the back plate -RRB- and is perpendicular to the band pin . Either a design or manufacturing flaw has the force of the band pins being too great for the plastic body to bear . The result is a crack along the weakest point -LRB- screw hole -RRB- that compromised the waterproof seal.Luckily I caught this before too much damage was done by the water that got in . Now I am left with a watch back with three screws in it , no waterproofing.The lesson ; even if it 's a great deal , a cheap watch is just a cheap watch . I would n't recommend it , I 've have better life from $ 6 watches .
 this was supposed to have a white face , but is is silver-faced . Reading the face is very difficult . Particularly at night even with the backlight !
 Cheap , cheap , cheap ... not worth the money . It 's a watch but it is a cheap watch . Looks cheap , feels cheap ... save your money .
 Watch has very poor display in the night - Used watch for 2 years - the battery works but the watch stopped working .
 Analog and digital time have to be set independently and both run independently.No winding stem , so resetting the analog when you travel is a pain.The light is useless -- it 's a white light and you can not read the hands in the dark.The crystal scratches easily.There are positives : The watch looks good.The digital display is large enough to read without glasses .
 I purchased this watch less than a year ago from Amazon . It was a fantastic companion to my daily exercise and work routines , until the band split . I discovered , subsequently , that it can not be mounted on another band by design , and that the resin material is completely resistant to repair by epoxy , hot glue , or super glue . Electrical tape held it together for a while , but after just under 12 months of ownership I was left with a fully functioning and completely unwearable watch .
 A real disappointment . Not as pictured or described , however , Amazon was first rate regarding my return . Thanks Amazon - that 's why I keep coming back .
 Too bad , the watch looks nice . Either the battery is expired or the watch is broken . It wo n't function at all . I wasted my money .
 Love the watch . Good price , like the little bit of color without being too much , or too girly.But ... about a week after the return window closed , the light stopped working.Timex 's warranty still covers it , but requires shipping it to Timex and paying $ 8 . So , pretty much half the cost of the watch.Bummer .
 I bought my husband the larger/guy version of this watch and his has worked great . When I bought mine , however , it stopped working within 10 weeks after only moderate use . The display of the watch went blank , then rebooted to only show gibberish - none of the buttons work any more . To be clear , I 've used the product a few times each week when I swim laps -LRB- for 30-40 minutes at a time -RRB- , and surf -LRB- so under water only while paddling , and not to any depth -RRB- . But here 's the kicker
 I got this watch to replace my cherished 20th Anniversary Edition Ironman watch . I never would have switched but I wore out one of the buttons after many years of use . The functions are almost the same on this new watch , and the actions are almost the same too , but there two things that are noticeably worse
 I returned this product because I had trouble figuring out how to use the functions . After stabbing at the buttons for about half an hour , I finally gave up in frustration and packed the thing back in its case and sent it on its way . Others might have more patience , but for me , life is too short for devices that are n't user friendly .
 I had one of these before and it worked great for many years . Got a new one , but after swimming in the ocean for an hour , the display went blank . I was n't sure if it was a battery problem or if water had gotten into it , but either way I had worn the watch for less than a year . I am sure that i didnt bang the watch too . I took it off to deal with later . The next day , the display was filled with black inky liquid . The warranty was worthless since this was categorized as a &#34; display problem . &#34; . Needless to say I am very disappointed in the lack of quality and recourse .
 This watch is waterproof , so my daughter wore it to the beach , pool etc. . She did love this watch , but ruined the crystal when she sprayed herself with sunscreen . Voided the warranty , and this is not listed in the pamphlet . What a disappointment .
 Initially disappointed by the shipping time . Watch arrived nearly a week after Amazon estimated it would.Then , wife wore the watch for about a week . In the swimming pool a couple time as well . Moisture got underneath the plastic face of the watch and fogged up the display . I do n't notice this problem mentioned anywhere else in the comments for this style Ironman , but several of the other styles do have similar comments -LRB- guess it is a risk you run to get one that is truly water resistant -RRB- . Returned the item and will buy one from Walmart locally . Since there is the possibility of it happening again , would like the quicker return process my local Walmart will provide .
 I initially liked this watch . However after several months the pink coloring on the bezel started chipping off . A year later and its more chipped off areas than pink areas and it looks terrible.I also developed contact dermatitis from the rubber band . Careful if you have latex/rubber allergies .
 Poorly designed productPurchased 8/9/12 . Used occasionally . All of a sudden the watch face clasp would not open any longer so the watch was no longer accessible . When I tried to pry it open the spring release for the watch face clasp is broken so now it does not lock in place rendering it useless . Bad product , would not recommend it to anyone .
 This is one of the worst telephone i have ever bought . i always read the reviews before i buy anything online . there was a bad review for this phone.but this phone was so cute and the different thing that it did , so i took my chance . wow this was a mess . looks can fool you . the phone while it very clear , until the phone goes blank . you may be having the best talk ever , then you can not hear anything . then out of no where the phone comes back on . it does this if you are on the phone 2 minuntes or 5 hours , it clicks on and off the whole time you are on the phone . i called timex and they said that this phone has not been made in years . it is not worth sending it back , because you have to pay to retun it . which cost about $ 8.00 and then there is a 15 % restocking fee , and thats why mine will stay in the box it came in and it 's home will be in my closet . so again DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME !!
 i got into a 4ft pool and the watch just went blank it says water resistant.i really liked it but i got dissapointed .
 While this is a very attractive watch - rec 'd several compliments and I liked it as well - I returned it because in less than one week the analog time lost 10 seconds . I thought this was an unacceptable rate for a watch of this price . Digital readouts can be impossible to read since , at times , they are partly covered by the minute hand . Countdown was worthless ! It ONLY counts down to a specific date - you ca n't set for example , a 5 minute countdown . You can only set it to alert to midnight of a specified date . Due to the metal wristband it is somewhat heavy -LRB- if that 's a concern - it did n't bother me -RRB- . One thing I noticed as soon as I took it out of the box , the case is very nicely sized - not huge like other multifunctionals from Seiko and others .
 Difficult to use -- could n't get the back off of a few watches -- even tho I had the instructions . Go to a jeweler -- easier !!!
 The only thing silver about this watch is the color . It haS a plastic `` crystal '' , and is powered by a non-replacable battery . Came in a nice , wooden box that is probably worth more than the watch.I could have bought a better watch @ Wal-Mart for under 20 bucks . Ca n't return it because it has been engraved . Thats where they get you ! BUYER BEWARE !!!!
 This is a gorgeous watch . I live in a small community and do n't have access to a large selection watches in stores . Amazon is a great resource for me , and I usually am really pleased with the products and service from them . This watch was an exception.I actually ordered this item twice . The first watch had a dead battery because the watch had been allowed to run while in the box . I returned it and asked for a replacement , communicating that the item needed to be checked for a functioning battery.The second watch arrived promptly , but it also had a dead battery . Even if I 'd been willing to replace the battery -LRB- a cost I was n't willing to shoulder -RRB- , the instructions with the watch cautioned the owner not to let a dead battery remain in the watch as it may leak and damage the watch.Again , I 'm normally really pleased with Amazon . This is a beautiful watch , but what good are looks if it does n't function ?
 Just as per a previous reviewer , the watch arrived with a dead battery . As it was shipped half way across the globe , I had to replace the battery since the shipping back would probably have been more expensive . The watch is nice , but Amazon seems to have an old batch . Bear this in mind when deciding to purchase it .
 This is my second Invicta , and once again I am disappointed . I bought their Atomic Watch and it arrived broken . I called Invicta 's Customer Service and after 3 days and leaving 5 messages with no response , I sent the watch back vowing nevert to buy Invicta again.I broke my vow and bought Invicta 's Pro-Diver , the watch that supposedly `` put Invicta on the map . '' The Tritnite is the only impressive thing about the watch . The besel does not turn without special tools , so it is useless as a Diver Watch . The crown wiggles which makes it difficult to screw it down properly . The pins are hard to get at so forget about swapping out the 2 rubber bands that come with the watch.Don ' t go out of your way to buy Invicta . Find a company with a quality product , and a Customer Service department that actually provides service .
 Invicta Men 's 8926RSET Pro Diver Collection Automatic Watch , The dial lost its luster , probably due to seal or cheap glass . Will not buy this again
 NOTHING WRONG WITH THE WATCH ... HOWEVER , SWING SOME WHERE , THE COMPANY IS A RIP OFF , THEY ARE SCAMMERS , THEY TOOK MY MONEY MONTHS AGO , NEVER SENT THE WATCH , NEVER RESPONDED TO EMAILS , AND THEY DO NOT ANSWER THE PHONE . DO NOT BUY FROM THESE SCAMMERS ! THERE ARE PLENTY OF OTHER DECENT WATCH SELLERS ON AMAZON OR BUYY FROM AMAZON DIRECTLY ... DO NOT TRUST THESE PEOPLE .
 NOTHING WRONG WITH THE WATCH ... HOWEVER , SWING SOME WHERE , THE COMPANY IS A RIP OFF , THEY ARE SCAMMERS , THEY TOOK MY MONEY MONTHS AGO , NEVER SENT THE WATCH , NEVER RESPONDED TO EMAILS , AND THEY DO NOT ANSWER THE PHONE . DO NOT BUY FROM THESE SCAMMERS ! THERE ARE PLENTY OF OTHER DECENT WATCH SELLERS ON AMAZON OR BUYY FROM AMAZON DIRECTLY ... DO NOT TRUST THESE PEOPLE .
 Let me bottom line this for you . If you want a bad-boy Microtec based tritium watch , then buy a Traser , Luminox or KHS . All the other ones I 've run into are cheap and a weak excuse for a hardcore watch . I purchased one of these S&W 's to replace a broken Luminox . I sent it back the first day I got it . It was very cheap and the illumination was very poor . I then bought a Traser from LA Police Gear , and was very happy with it . If you want the badest of the bad , check out the German KHS with the blue tritium ... very cool . Best price-to-performance goes to the Traser watches , hands down . All my cop buddies agree with me on this ! -LRB- except my buddy who dropped $ 350 on a KHS , but I think he need to tell himself that to justify spending over twice as much for basicly the same watch ! -RRB- Hope this Helps !
 I received the wrong order , I order the diver Black face T25 RBBR nylon . \ I 'm not happy .
 i bought this watch for my fiance as Christmas gift , it was sold as new ut yet the watch was dirty , there was a dead battery , and there was a diamond missing in the front , i did not even have to sign for the package , it was just dropped in front of the apartment , where as i had to sign for a $ 25 package , this watch was 165 and too expensive to not have to sign for and have all these defects .
 To make the data recorder work you have to watch a very dim light flash and interpret the flash pattern to know whether it is recording only the GPS , only the HRM , both , or neither . The data recorder can take a long time , and then fail to begin recording , or worse yet , start recording , and then stop unexpectedly . The watch tells you the speed , distance , heart rate , etc , but when you finish your run and try to download the data you find out the recorder stopped mid run . This is very frustrating . If the data recorder worked it would be a great product at a reasonable price , but I can not recommend it .
 I bought this a little over a 10 months ago and had to send it back twice . When it worked it was great . Although the booklet that came with it was less than adequate and in some places hard to understand I liked the associated software , it was not a hinderance to use-running , walking or cycling . It just would not work after a month the first time and less than two weeks the second time . I have not gotten back yet but I do not have high hopes for it . Maybe I just got a bad one , but a lot of reviews I have read since are very similar to mine . Like I said , when it worked it was great and would have been an excellent addition to anyone 's training regimen . I think I 'll try Garmin next .
 Not sure how well it works . It was returned as it was the wrong item .
 just got this watch the other day and its already broken . it stopped moving and it will not wind anymore and when you shake it a little things rattle inside of it . there also seems to be no way to have it repaired because there is no way for anyone to get inside the watch to even look at it . dont waste your time with this brand because when i went to the website this watch was not even listed under its products as well . over priced for the quality of the watch .
 Came in a pretty old worn-out box . The watch doesnt look gold at all ... completely a silver watch with gold brackets . Pretty disappointing , since my wife was expecting a gold watch as per the image on the site !
 I bought this watch as a present for an avid sailor . After 6 months the band started to fall apart - the large problem is that you ca n't get an over the counter replacement band . You have to send the watch back to timex which will take upwards of two weeks . They also do not have any other options besides the original rubber band , which I will assume will break again .
 I brought this for my Husband and I was very disapointed with it once I actually saw it in person , it looks cheap , the bracelet is very hard to re-size and the buttons on the sides are very tender to the touch , over all if you want a nice watch I would not advise getting this one .
 About all I can say about this product is , `` it 's a watch '' . Other than that it is cheap , as in cheaply made . Ok , so at this price what do you expect ? It 's below the line though ... snarfy metal and unpredicatable closure and buttons make it not even worth that price.By the way , I bought two thinking they were a good deal ... not.Stay with something like the casio or timex .
 I bought this watch in February 2010 . It began malfunctioning in April or May of 2011 . I put up with the annoyance of missing numerous appointments due to this POS stopping and starting . I think it was June when I sent it back to the factory within the warranty period but only after a lot of online back & forth with the factory first . I got it back two weeks later and the factory said it worked fine . They put in a new battery , claiming the battery was the problem , and steam-cleaned it to make it all shiny & happy again . Sure enough it began stopping and starting again less than four weeks after I got it back . Frankly , I think the factory didnt do a damn thing to verify what the problem was - they ASSumed it was the battery and replaced it , that was all . Well , clearly , it 's not the battery . Even the Day/Date feature screws up - some days MON becomes LUNES . A Day/Date malfunction has NOTHING to do with a bum battery . And now the bracelet pins are coming loose . The whole Reactor watch is a POS and I wish I 'd stuck with my plain jane Casio GShock . When I send it back AGAIN , I wonder what their Excuse-Du-Jour will be this time ?
 It said , its water resistant but in rainy days it got misty , fogy thing which stays inside the watch atleast for 2 weeks and make it hard to see time ...
 I am very unhappy with the purchases . The watch is BEAUTIFUL . Does it work ? Not so muchI bought the watch recently for my fiance . Congrats ? Not really?We opened the box . Beautiful . We set the time . Two days later , it was still the same time . It was broken.The face is so small that a watch store could not install a new battery.I asked Amazon to exchange . Guess what ? No exchanges allowed , only returns.Would Amazon pay for shipping because it was not our fault ? Guess what ... no . And they require you to insure it so you are paying an arm and leg in returning it.I therefore ordered another one . Got the watch . What happened ? Does n't work.So my thought is this . Go get it at a reputable store . Stuff sold by Amazon ... what a headache : - -LRB-
 I bought the watch two month ago and the warranty card is not acceptable , you should pay for all of repairs !!!! but it is beautifull !
 I purchased this item as a gift for my wife . I experienced the same exact thing as the previous buyer.The watch arrived and the battery did not work . We called Amazon and they sent another watch out andthat battery did not work either . We decided on taking the watch to a jeweler and pay to have him replacethe battery . I guess these watches sit in a mass warehouse and no one checks the watch before they areshipped . Bad bussiness for amazon . Amazon did give me $ 40.00 refund for my trouble . This experience with amazon left abad taste in my mouth and no $ $ $ $ can replace the same mistake twice . Please do n't waste your money or time buying thisproduct from amazon . They are cheap for a reason ... . You pay for what you get .
 This is a nice looking watch . Unfortunately , the band fell apart after fewer than 10 days of wear , and the face scratched pretty badly , even though the watch was only worn for office work . Also , this is a unisex watch , so the face is a little large if you 're a smaller woman .
 Very heavy and clunky , like a very old model . Watch band fell apart quickly . It 's in my junk drawer now .
 Very nice watch with great features BUT it is made to sit on the side of your arm not on top like a regular watch . Yes , it has OVA but I 'm not so lazy that I ca n't turn my arm 90 degrees to see the watch face . Understand OVA before buying this watch .
 This supposedly `` optimal viewing angle '' -LRB- and all others in the OVA series -RRB- is almost useless in practice , especially for triathletes . In biking , it can not be read without taking your hand off the handbar and turning the inside of your wrist to face you -LRB- actually a dangerous move compared to just looking down at your wrist -RRB- . In running , the face frequently brushes/rubs against your side , especially if wearing a jacket or vest with pockets or tightening tabs . In swimming , you need to drastically orient your left-hand stroke to see the face at all . This watch was designed by people who themselves do n't appear to be engaged in any phase of triathalon , even casually . I 'd rate it no stars if that was an option . Stay away from OVA !
 I got the watch for my Christmas gift . The watch came in fast in one day as stated . But it does not move . Do n't know if it is because of a dead battery or not . I will take it to a local Raymond Weil dealer today to check it out . Might have to return it . I buy staff from Amazon a lot -LRB- average a couple of times a month -RRB- and I have been very happy with all my past purchases . This is the first large investment I ever made through Amazon and it is quite disappointing to me . From now on , probably wo n't buy expensive -LRB- luxury -RRB- stuff from them anymore .
 Buyer beware
 Due to no fault of the manufacturer , this watch is too bulky for me and not comfortable . Also , many of the `` apparent '' features are just that , apparent and non-functional . This purchase was a mistake but the fault is mine .
 my watch came to me with the wrong color face . it was black not blue as showen . it also came with no invoice or receipt and looked like it was throwen in the box from 10 feet away . very tackey !!! i will not order from motor city again .
 I bought this watch for my 10 year old daughter . She is particular about comfort -LRB- so am I -RRB- and this watch was n't as comfortable as it sounded . The watchband was extremely `` pokey '' on the inside . It was like the plastic stiching on the edges was poking inward toward the skin . We returned it and got a plastic band by Timex that was much more comfortable .
 I bought 2 of these for my daughter and both broke within a few months . I am veyr disappointed since it is Timex but I guess you get what you pay for .
 I purchased this watch a couple of years ago ... the tritium coating on the illuminated portions of the watch have faded into nearly nothing with regards to illumination.I sent the watch to Universal Watch Repair , Traser 's official repair shop . They wanted $ 168.00 plus shipping to replace the failed illuminated components.Traser wo n't cover them , despite their bragging on their websites that the illumination is guaranteed for ten years . They say that it is normal for the illumination qualities to fade and that my watch , which has no illumination left in it , is normal per their guidelines.Interesting that the repair place said it needed to be replaced , but Traser would not honor their warranty ... Buyer beware!My friends , much less cool Timex watch has out performed this watch at far less the cost ... this is very sad to me.Very Disappointed !
 The `` crystal '' cracked after only a week of non-traumatic wear.I called BlueDial , who provided the watch for Amazon . BlueDial refused to even discuss an exchange or refund.I then notified Amazon , and they backed up BlueDial . This was the last time I will purchase through Amazon .
 I purchased this watch just over a year ago for use as a weekend watch to spare my nice watches from wear and tear . The hype of the types of users and the `` military spec '' of the watch advertised by Traser interested me . Thinking that if the watch is good enough for professional serious types , why not me?Since my purchase , I 've worn the watch less than 50 times wearing my expensive watches in the office by day and this watch on the weekends . Since its purchase , the illumination has continued to worked great and is exceptionally bright compared to the other high-quality watches that I own . The watch deserves credit in this department as a stand out above all others.The bad news is that the watch stopped working at about 14 months after purchase without any strenuous activity or stress suffered by the watch . I took the watch to a watch repairer in my neighborhood to replace the battery . Once replaced , the battery did not restore the watch to working order . Looking inside with the watch repairer , my attention was directed to the watch 's internal casing that allowed the movement parts to move back and forth -LRB- wiggle -RRB- without solid support from the other 3 surfaces of the case -LRB- The internal components were seemingly connected to the case by the bezel stem used to set the watch . -RRB- . On the whole the inside did n't look Swiss , tough or mil spec . There was a lot of plastic , which would ordinarily be okay , but the tolerances between the workings and the case did n't give me confidence that this is a watch designed for true military-type uses.I contacted Traser USA concerning the issue and was advised that my watch was out of warranty and that I was out of luck . Was I disappointed and prompted to write this review to let everyone know of my experience.On the whole , I 'm sore about my purchase even after having purchased the watch at a price lower than what 's on Amazon now -LRB- $ 150 -RRB- . I do n't recommend this watch for anyone in the military nor for any other uses . If it ca n't withstand the little , if any , punishment I gave it as an ordinary casual user , at most a wanna-be weekend warrior , I question whether this watch would hold-up against military treatment or use by a true outdoorsman.Like other reviewers , I 've had more success with other inexpensive time pieces , although they 're certainly not as hyped or as interesting looking as the Traser is purported to be.I recommend going with a lesser expensive tried and tested watch over the Traser watch although you wo n't have the neat illumination that a Traser watch has but your watch will last longer than 14 months and for more than 50 uses . Consider this product made for Hollywood only .
 Bought this watch , it just arrived . First time I tried to set the date , was unable to do so . Second time , the crown -LRB- knob on the stem you set date and time with -RRB- , came off in my hands . Did n't realize I only had 10 days to return to seller , so I am stuck going through repair centers . Expected more from a watch at this price point .
 I would avoid this product . It was difficult to operate . This will be last product I will order from this seller .
 I ordered this watch in February . It looked great , but it kept losing time in a big way , so I returned it . I 'm not the most active person , but I expect I should be able to keep an automatic watch alive .
 if you do n't wear the watch to sleep , the watch will stop . Then you have to reset the time again . What a pain .
 The one I got stopped working only after couple of hours of watching tv . As long as you are running around it works ... forget about the night time .
 I bought a Nike watch last july but it got late to washington DC i already had left the city . A friend save it for me and I got last december unopened . I though it didnt work for the battery and today I went to change it and it was full . The phone is not working at all . You shouldn ; t sell bad product > : - /
 This watch is very nice , but the back and the way it is finished seems quite strange . I can not say I 'm sure it is an original Nike item , although warranty and label .
 I like to buy what I think is top of line when I buy and this kit is priced top of line but falls way short of that . 1st thing I noticed was case when unzipped was hard to open all the way and had open ends so when closed any small tool that became loose could fall out . 2nd thing was small screwdriver tip fell off when I used it and screw that holds it in was lost . 3rd thing was the block for holding bands was 2 small for my Seiko bands . Biggest disappointment was it did come with a sheet of paper labeling each tool from A-Z but no picture of which tool was which letter so that was useless . Last thing was it does not have a pin removal tool of the sort you can buy here for 4-20 dollars so to remove pins you have to use a hammer and punch and a block that would not fit my bands . My advice is save yourself money and buy 1 of the under 20 dollar kits sold here that comes with a link removal tool .
 This watch is great for just playing soccer or baseball but not the best appearance look . I wear it all the time when I go out playing sports but not when I am at work . I would still recommend this product though .
 I got this watch as a birthday present and fell in love with it . But my delight did not even last a month . The material used for the strap is very poor quality and since I work with a laptop on a desk , the constant rubbing against the desk caused the silver/gold layer to scratch off revealing an ugly copper core . I had to return the watch back to Tommy Hilfiger and they honoured the return by giving me a full refund.It is unfortunate that they used sub-standard material because the watch design in itself is very classy .
 This watch actually looks silver when viewed online , but when I received it I saw that it was in fact a transparent watch . A clear band with silver flecks in it . Just not my style . Although it looked to be a pretty durable watch , I ended up returning it .
 Attractive watch but not hearty AT ALL . Scratches when you look at it . The stem totally detaches from the watch and after only 7mo or so , it quit running . CHEAP
 Some things you should know .1 . My watch lasted 1 week past the warranty .2 . If the watch gets too much light or gets too warm it goes bad . You ca n't tell if it needs recharging because the power gauge stops working . The only way to know the power is low is if it resets and looses all its data .3 . Adding phone numbers and other info via TWO buttons is a long and painful process .4 . When the watch goes nuts and looses all of your phone numbers , time and other settings , you become a little nuts yourself .
 My wife purchased this watch from a jewelry store for me for father 's day about 3-1/2 years ago . The chain fell apart within about three months . I 've had numerous problems with the battery falling out from its inside compartment and now it has failed all together . The watch always has stayed in the watch pocket of my jeans and has never seen rough use but has numerous scratches from normal everyday use . Finally because of its sentimental value I sent it to swiss army for repair and they said that it needed a whole new movement cleaning , etc. for $ 58.00 . I 've had other pocket watches that I have purchased from walmart for $ 10 to $ 15 that have faired far better . Do yourself a favor and do n't waste your money on this poor quality piece just because it has the name Swiss Army .
 My wife purchased this watch for me last Christmas . Four months later it stopped working . Thinking it was a bad battery , I replaced the battery ... big mistake . Turns out if you are not an authorized repair shop , the warranty is void if you replace the battery . But then I found out there is NO WARRANTY if the watch is bought from Amazon or eBay ! This is because the quality of the product can not be controled from these companies . If I were you , I would shop someplace else for this watch . BTW , turns out the watch has a broken coil and some sticky stuff according to the authorized repair shop . The battery was good so this damage was done prior to our purchase of the watch .
 The face , mechanics , etc. are great . Easy to read . But , the cheap plastic holding the face to the band easily broke . Now , the band will not attach . No simple repair . Buy a watch with a decent connection , not this one .
 Order shipped and arrived quickly . Unfortunately , the watch has a cheap look and feel when seeing it up close . Watch band is not long enough for wrist . Feels like it will break at any moment . Have stopped wearing it and bought another one at Kohls .
 I had this watch for a little more than 3 months and the band broke in a very awkward place . The Seiko name used to mean quality watches but no reputable watch company would sell a watch with a band that breaks in less than 6 months . I have always loved Seiko watches and was very satisfied with their quality . Last year , the band on a Seiko watch that I had for years broke , I chalked that up to old age . But this watch that I ordered in August did not make it through November . I thought that I was getting a good deal but what I got was a dud .
 I am visiting my mother and the Seiko Women 's watch SZZC44 that I bought her for Mother 's Day was never sent to her . Please send this product to her ! or send a refund to my payment back to me . This is most disappointing and upsetting .
 I purchased the Seiko watch about 3 years ago and loved it because it was so beautiful . The Seiko I had prior to this one lasted 25 years until the band broke and you ca n't get a replacement because Seiko no longer makes them . After about 2 years , of owning the new watch I noticed pitting on the watch case ! One year later the pitting on the case is SO BAD , it looks like a piece ofcheap junk . The pitting is not on the stainless steel case , -LRB- back part of the watch you remove to change the battery -RRB- but on the REST of the metal case , i.e. - the sides , around the watch face , and extends into that part of the case that connects to the metal strap , including the first and second links of the metal strap.This is supposedly water-resistant ? If I 'd known this I never would have purchased this watch and I will never buy another Seiko again , if this is any indication of their lack of quality .
 Watchband was very cheap looking . Looks almost like it was made out of plastic . The face of the watch was pretty , but the band made the watch look very cheap . Sent it back .
 I had been looking for a training watch for quite some time when I came across this watch . Upon seeing it was named the `` Marathon '' , I decided it would be perfect for me , as I needed it to train for ... marathons . I nearly tripped over myself upon discovering that the stopwatch only goes to 59:59 . The fastest human alive needs longer than an hour to run a marathon . For that matter , in most cities you need longer than 59:59 to DRIVE 26.2 miles . I am deeply , deeply disapointed , and consider the watch almost totally worthless . I now use it only for the timer function to tell me when the laundry is done .
 Do NOT buy a Swiss Army Brands watch via Amazon or a third party seller . You will get screwed because Swiss Army will not honor the 3-year warranty . I did n't know this when I ordered from here , and had to waste my time with a return . Love the watch , hate getting screwed out of a warranty .
 Owned for about 15 months , 4 of which were spent in repair . Never dropped this watch , always took care of it . Wore it for 3 months when communting on my bike to work and class and needed a dependable timepiece to manage my active schedule . This watch mysteriously stopped and started again unpredictably and unnoticably several times per day . I was constantly resetting the watch and running late to boot . I sent it back for a repair and the movement was replaced for free , but I had to buy a Timex in the interim and waited 4 months until it was returned . Wore the watch for 8 more months during which the lumibrite material denoting the markers and numbers started to flake off and bounce around atop the watch face . At the 15th month , the start/stop problem with the movement returned ... unexpectedly of course . I decided it was n't worth the trouble as the 1-yr warranty had expired . Wish I had my money back .
 Beware of warrenty issues . I love this watch and would purchase the same model again , but I would not advise purchasing a Victorinox from Amazon . Victorinox does not honor their warrenties when an item is purchased through Amazon . So , my lovely watch that gets so fogged-up that it is difficult to read the time whenever it gets wet , is a big disappointment . Save yourself some frustration and purchase this watch through a dealer that is able to honor the manuafacturer warrenty .
 When this item arrived it did not work.Unlike most products purchased through Amazon this item arrived with no paperwork at all ; there was no return lable.WatchMe , the Amazon supplier , would not allow a return but insisted it be returned to a Swiss Army Service Center at my expense . There was no savings buying this item through Amazon because the Canadian Supplier has no concept of the term Customer Service . I would suggest that if you intend to purchase through Amazon you do it through one of their suppliers that provides good customer service -LSB- STAY AWAY FROM WatchMe -RSB- ok eh ?
 Ordered this watch for my fiance 's birthday and could n't be more disappointed . Not only did the watch come with ZERO paperwork/manual -LRB- not even a packaging slip -RRB- but when he went to set the time the dial to adjust it with came right out . We are returning it immediately and will not be giving any future business to `` Watch Grabber '' .
 I bought this watch two weeks ago from `` Watch Grabber '' and when it arrived I found that the crown of the watch was broken and could be pulled right out . In addition , the watches battery was flat , which needed to be replaced . I am not sure whether this is an issue of quality on the part of Victorinox or `` Watch Grabber '' but I am thoroughly dissatisfied with the purchase .
 I purchased this watch in 2002 and the movement has broken twice . Once the stem pulled out of the watch when switching to Daylight Savings time ; once the hands stopped moving . The second time it broke the watch was out of warranty ; Swiss Army agreed to fix it for the cost of the part without charging for labor after I told them I expected better from a Swiss watch . Now the band has broken . I have always been very careful with this watch . It looks nice , and when I bought it I wanted the alarm . Now the alarm is unnecessary since I use the alarm on my cell phone when I travel . I expect a lot more for a watch at this price . I have had less problems with my Timex sports watch , a Citizen casual watch which does n't need batteries , and my Seiko dress watch .
 I bought this product in May and it stopped working well in July . Since it was past Amazon 's return policy , they would n't help . Princeton Enterprises , which was the actual seller , said it was too late for their return and I should contact Swiss Army . I then did and was told I should send it to an authorized dealer , which I did , and they told me that it would cost $ 130 to repair the faulty movements -LRB- for a watch that cost $ 142 ! -RRB- . I was also told that Amazon is n't an authorized dealer and thus my Swiss Army warranty does n't apply . So in the future , I 'd stay away from this watch seller and would n't buy any product from Amazon if it meant my product warranty would become null and void . A lesson all around . -LRB- PS After many calls , Amazon did ofter some promotion to defray the cost but it ai n't enough -RRB- .
 Brand new and defective !! Beautiful watch , but the battery is dead on arrival . And I am so disappointed on how cheap that band is ! Does n't fit well at all and looks cheesy . For $ 112 I expected better . I am returning it immediately .
 NO STARS . I am unhappy with the purchase . After 3 months the watch loses 5 min/day and is worthless as a time piece . Now I need to send it away to have it fixed ... and how long will that take ? Now I will have to buy a cheap watch in the store to have a watch while it is being repaired . My advice is , DO NOT BUY watches online ! Go to a reputable store so you can take it back if it does not work . Swiss army watches are not what they used to be .
 I purchased this item from Mister watch online thru Amazon . To this date i have not received the watch or a refund even though i have sent numerous emails to the company .
 The watch arrived broken . I contacted the seller and there was no concrete response . Do not buy this seller
 this was a complete waste of money '' so small u cant see the hands : : returned back to amazon , , dont waste your time .
 i reciently purchaced a swiss army watch that i thaught was a real victorinox but unless it says `` victorinox '' on the face it isnt the real thing . i was informed of this after the fact and was very disapointed .
 Okay , so I had a bad experience with my first Swiss Army watch ... so what does a smart consumer like myself do ? I buy another watch from Swiss Army ! I should have just stuck with the pocket knives ! This watch broke in record time . I got it and the next thing I know the band breaks on me . I replaced the band and then several months later the watch died slowly . I got the battery replaced right away , yet the watch kept dying slowly until one day it just stopped ticking . It lasted about 9 months . In that time all I ever did was wear it to the office . I never hiked with it , or wore it in the shower or under water . I took it off every night and made sure I did n't bang it into anything . Again , this is on the lower spectrum of Swiss Army watches and there is a reason it is so cheap . Sure it looks nice enough , but do n't judge a watch by it 's face . Time and time again I will say it , this watch ticked me off ! Now it is with my other watch in my junk drawer -LRB- now called The Swiss Army Cemetery -RRB- and I promise to stay away from Swiss Army watches from now on . Honest ! I wish I could give this watch negative 2000 stars . The box the watch comes in is just a coffin for it later on ... This thing has less shelf life than a loaf of bread .
 The seller , Mr. Watch , sent me a broken watch and then stiffed me on the return because of a technicality on their return policy . Do n't buy from Mr. Watch , unless you want a shiny , $ 200 paper-weight .
 December , 15,2011 ; Got this watch as a gift . The first one died after 3 weeks . The jeweler gave me a new one after it was evident that Swiss Army was taking months to repair it . The new one is also failing . It just stops for no reason ; battery checks ok.Quartz watches in general are way over priced . The best movement only costs about $ 20.00 . You are paying for the case and the huge mark up.Anyway , no more Swiss Army watches for me.June 23 , 2012 -LRB- 6 months later -RRB- This watch continues to be a piece of garbage . The date indicator advances randomly . I would send it back to Swiss army , but the are absolutely awful for customer service and I simply do n't want to aggravate myself dealing with these people . This one is going in the trash .
 This is a really nice looking watch . But the one I had lost 3 seconds a day . Three seconds a day is pretty bad . I got my money back .
 the watch looks very cheap and nothing like i expected . I would not recommend to anyone . its just not worth the money .
 Although it maintains a rugged look , simply drop this watch and the minute and hour hands jam . Apart from that it had all other features I needed.I 'm not the only one to have this happen .
 I had the same experience as the other reviewer whose band decomposed . It comes with what they call a &#34; textured &#34; strap which , while attractive , is a brittle paper thin synthetic covering over a felt interior which cracks and delaminates within the first year . The positive reviewer has a different watch - the self-wind model which comes with a genuine leather strap ! Not the Infantry 24656 which is batter powered and comes with this crappy strap and is about $ 40 to replace annually ! This high cost of maintenance causes me to downgrade my rating on an otherwise great watch . Victorinox should stand by tis defective band !
 I have to return this watch because the dial indication is out of alignment . Bad experience buying Victorinox Swiss Army .
 Watches looked great and reasonably priced but stopped working after few months . After changing batteries the dial stopped changing colors .
 Its a beautiful well built watch but with a major defect . The screw on crown is a total SCREW UP ! . After adjusting the time or date , when the crown is pushed in and screwing it down to locked position it starts to move the hour and minute hands of the watch . Doing some research in the internet it seems this is a common problem even for new Victorinox Divemaster watches .
 This is my third or fourth Ironman and I use it primarily for running and the features on this are right on the money , but the lap button is awful . I do n't know whether I have a defective watch or it affects all of them , but I hate it.The interval timer is great for split workouts -LRB- 3 minutes on , 2 minutes off is a breeze to set up -RRB- . And I wish it had way more laps -LRB- it 's capped at 50 -RRB- , but I really like the lap memory . You can do a 12 lap workout , store all ten laps , and do another 12 lap workout the next day and it will store each workout in its queue -LRB- laps 38-50 will be workout 1 , 26-37 will be workout 2 , etc. -RRB- . However - the lap button -LRB- the button in the middle at the bottom of the face -RRB- is awful . It 's way , way , way too hard to press . I have very frequently missed getting an accurate lap count because I tried to press the button but missed it . Or -LRB- because I know this is a problem -RRB- I have also frequently double-pressed it , which makes the display read my net time and the fraction of a second between my split on the lap and when the second press happened . Want to change between timezone 1 and timezone 2 ? Give it your best shot , Hercules ! It ai n't easy ... It 's super frustrating and since I suspect this is really the most important button that anyone who buys an Ironman should actually care about , I give it 1 star .
 I 'm a long-time Timex Ironman wearer - I 've had a full-sized Flix on my wrist for the last decade or so . When the battery ran out on my last model , I thought I 'd give the this specific Sleek model a shot.I should have stayed with what works.The good thing I can report is that - like all Ironman models - there 's the comfort of similar functionality
 HEY ! LOOK AT THAT WATCH ! IT HAS A METAL BEZEL ! IT MUST BE STRONG!Of course it is , look at that metal bezel . Just look at it . It can absorb any shock without much damage at all , transferring it all to the ... the glass/plastic screen.I dropped mine on the ground . it was cement . The metal bezel was yelling in rage of how strong it was and transfered all the shock to the screen , cracking it a bit . waterproofness = totally compromised.I had to take the watch apart occasionally to bleed out the moisture and try to fix the screen . Oh well . It 's still cool looking.GUESS WHAT ELSE!LOOK AT THAT RUBBER BUTTON IN THE MIDDLE ! IT 'S SO SQUISHYuntil it deteriorates and flakes off . Leaving a nub of a plastic button for you to press , outlined with the rubber shavings of the dead rubber coating.Also , You 're out of luck if the watch band breaks.This watch looooooks so cool though . Just buy it and use it as a wall clock .
 As with everyone else who gave this product a 1-star review , I have been looking for a replacement band for this watch and have now discovered you ca n't replace it . That 's insane . I now have a useless hunk of plastic and metal . So my replacement watch will NOT be a Timex . They have permanently lost a customer .
 good functionality except for start/lap button . Big hassle if you 're doing laps/repeats in the pool . You 've either got to slam the button , or nearly stop your training and push the button hard . The audible beep is barely audible so you end up pushing the button several times ... which gives you a few laps of 0.2 or 0.1 seconds . Hard to get a good average lap time when you throw in some extreme low values like 0.1 and 0.2 .
 This is a tough watch with a few flaws . The wristband pins have bent and failed causing me to almost lose the watch . The battery died after only two years . It will cost nearly $ 100 to replace the battery and do a pressure test .
 This is quite an attractive watch ... for a woman . Vendor has wrong description and still has n't corrected it a month after my purchase . Vendor did n't respond to ANY e-mail requests . Took over 2 weeks to receive . When it arrived it was not a Men 's watch . After numerous e-mails for help I called and left a message . No return call . When I did reach a person , Sara , she was very helpful and issued an RA number and return UPS label . They had had the watch for over a week and still had n't credited my account . Called back again and they did it while I was on the line . I would not work with this vendor again . Prices are similar to local store prices so it was a `` deal '' anyway .
 This is a very pretty watch and I loved the two tone coloring . However the dial is so small I could not read the numbers easily . I do wear reading glasses , but still need one with bigger numbers
 I 've used multiple sport watches over the years-this one is the worst . The interface is awkward and the on-line tutorial is no help either . They leave a telephone number for support but the person answering the phone acted as if they were not familar with the watch . I am now in the process of having this watch picked up as she believes there is a problem with the unit .
 I have had several different watches that all do about the same thing . So you can tell I am not satisfied . Pros
 Go instead with a dedicated pedometer with USB interface . The watch tracks movement indiscriminately making it inaccurate vs an accelerometer based pocket or belt unit . Also more expensive . Programming and set up harder than Casio -LRB- the digital watch standard -RRB- . Feels cheap .
 Do NOT buy this watch !! While this watch is beautiful , the clasp that holds the wristband together is faulty.I lost this watch the third time I wore it . It fell off my wrist at some point when I was shopping.Of course no one turned it in ! : - -LRB-
 This is the second AK watch I have purchased -LRB- same style -RRB- I only replaced it because I wore it constantly -LRB- 5 years -RRB- and it was getting a little worn looking . It 's been my favorite so I order another identical one from you.When you set the time , and push in the stem , it will not `` click '' , but the second hand takes off . After a short time , it will stop , second hand is frozen and the time is always off.I 'm disappointed with this one . I did n't start wearing the watch until 6 weeks after I purchased it , too late to return . I still love the style of the watch but it will not keep accurate time .
 I purchased an Anne Klein watch very similar to this less then 3 years ago as a gift . The interior of the band is now corroded all the way around . The silver finish on the outside of the band is also wearing away . I took it to a jeweler who informed me that the band is `` pot metal . '' Only the case and the clasp are stainless steel . If you notice , the description of this watch says `` metal '' band and `` stainless steel case . '' The only replacement band you can buy from an Anne Klein service center is still pot metal . Whenever I purchase another watch I will make sure that the band is stainless steel . I want it to last more than 2 years .
 This watch came to me in a moldy box . It gave me an inkling to what I would find in the box . True to my foreboding , the watch was dead . Thought of returning it but decided to change out the battery on second thought . It worked . Just wondered how long this thing had been left on the shelf ? Definitely a bad experience for my first time buying from Amazon . This leaves a bad after taste and a dent in Amazon 's reputation for me . Will caution my pals .
 I wanted a pedometer that I could use to count my daily steps , in order to reach 10K steps a day , as recommended for general fitness . I chose this model because I wanted a wristwatch-style pedometer . Unfortunately , the step counting feature cuts off if you sit down for over 30 minutes . I called Tech4O 's customer service department , and there is no way around this issue . So I 'll be returning the item .
 This is an extremely complicated piece of machinery . I have not gotten it to work the way it is supposed to yet . The instructions are `` Yeh '' long , with sub-function instructions that are not clear . I even called the company and their technitions had to look up the instructions and they were not sure how to set it up . I 'm a senior citizen , but not a dummy . I want to use the watch predominately as a pedomiter , but it cuts off after a minute . I have tried to set it up like the instructions say but it is frustrating . Too much of a good thing . Sorry . Not satisfied , but I 'll keep trying .
 It took me over 45 minutes just to get it programmed !! The calorie counting & step counting is SO inaccurate !! After my 531 calorie workout this morning the watch indicated that I had only burn 110 calories . I called customer service - they were LESS than helpful !!
 This watch is extremely difficult to program . I used the written instructions , downloaded the PDF manual , and tried the online tutorial . A combination of all three eventually did the trick after an hour of trial and error , but each one was fairly useless on its own . The instructions are not very detailed , for example - they never explain how to tell if the time is displayed in AM or PM . I had to change the display to 24hr in order to determine how it was set . Also , the instructions never explain what the pedometer sleep timer is or how to use it . I have never had so many problems setting up an electronic device before . Most of the time I barely need to follow the instructions to figure it out and this time I could barely figure it out with three different sets of instructions . This really needs to be fixed because most people do n't have an hour to figure out how to access the Main Menu . I have n't even had a chance to use the watch yet , so hopefully they spent more time on the mechanics of the watch than they did explaining how to use it . Although , there 's no point in buying a watch that you ca n't use .
 Not happy with the ease of use.Very confusing when trying to set the pedometer to calculate steps.I was planning on returning it but have been so busy the last couple of weeks but this was a great reminder !! Thanks -- I 'll package it up and send it back this week .
 I really loved this watch . I ordered it earlier this year -LRB- so not even a year old but a few months ! -RRB- and loved it . The other day it just decided to fall of my wrist ! Some how it broke where the band meets the watch . Part of the plastic where the screw goes in , there in the corner a chunk of plastic broke off ! I could n't believe it . I never abused my watch or anything ! I had just been saying great things about my watch to some friends too ! I have n't contacted the company yet but hope they can replace it !! I 'm sad I ca n't wear it anymore .
 I walk and hike and swim , and the pedometer and other functions work really well , but after two sessions in the pool the watch display no longer functions . I 'm hoping to be able to exchange it .
 I 'm training for a marathon and bought the watch to help me track my distances , but the watch is off by a significant amount . The watch showed that I had run 12 miles but I had really only run 10 . The other day , I ran 16 miles but the watch read that I had run 19 miles . A real disappointment of a watch .
 Despite the fact that this watch is not user friendly , mine broke within five uses . It just locked up . Buy a different product ! I 'm at Amazon now shopping for a better one .
 This watch is attractive and I like the light up dial , however , the watch is impossible to set . I spent hours reading the instructions and figuring how to set the time -- it is n't worth it . It has many other features that I will never use because it is n't worth investing the time in trying to figure them out . Also , the buttons are difficult to us . Very disappointed in this product .
 Very cheap watch . Broke after about three months of use . I loved the fact that it was digital but I wish it was put into with a little more care . Fix the bands on the sides and maybe send some replacement parts in case some break .
 Bought two of these at Big 5 for gifts . Both of them had broken wristbands . The adjustment pins are threaded instead of just push-out . All but 2 of them were stripped making the watchband impossible to adjust . Both watches were this way . Both watches had the luminous paint put on by a little kid . The part that connects the band to the watch looks solid but is actually just a piece of flat metal very cheaply made . It makes the watch lighter and cheaper feeling . The luminous paint is useful only for 20 minutes or so . The crown does not always connect to the gear that sets the time . Sometimes you can turn it forward a few hours then back half that then forward a few more . I 'd rather own a quartz with a calculator on it . I give it 1 star instead of 0 stars because the box it came in is a useful ashtray .
 The third day , one of the fluorescent hour markers came off and was floating inside the watch . I did not do any special activities with the watch . I am returning it .
 I got this watch as a gift and before opening it i did some research about it . I found that it was a pretty cheap watch and people do not like it . So i went ahead and opened it to see how it looks . The movement is sloppy , the second hand does not align good with the dial and the winding is a pain . After about 2 weeks it had been through alot , been hit , dropped , and got scratched up . By this time i am thinking of selling it but then what happens is the winding gets messed up and after shaking it for about 10 minutes it dies 2 minutes later . So by now i hate this watch with a passion and wish i got rid of it while i could . Then guess what happens next , i am walking along thinking everything is alright then the watch band comes off and drops to the ground . I pick it up and all the hands but the hour fall off and are currently just swimming in the dial and is currently non op . If you are looking for a quality watch please do not get this watch . It is cheaply made and feels like a toy . You will waist your money and hate yourself for buying this watch . Hope this helps for those who want to get it but are questioning it .
 Disappointment . THE HR MARKERS 3 FELT OFF PREVENTING THE SECONDS NEEDLE TO ROTATE.Had it fix by certify distributor.the glass gets foggy.The STAINLESS STEEL BAND IS BUT THE PIN THAT HOLDS IT IT IS NOT SO IT WOULD FELT OFF WITH ANY LITTLE BITTY RESISTANCE.I have bought this brand before it looks like this was made at china by a Chinese who made sure it was a crappy watch.Or simply a replica.Just will not ever by this brand.I owned 23 watches from 3 brands so I know enough !
 I would be very cautious about buying anything from TimeZone123 . The Invicta watch they shipped to me lost 30 minutes per day right out of the box , but when I complained , they refused to take it back .
 I have a silver Fossil watch just like this black banded model . I think it is the most beautiful watch I 've ever seen . I have received more complements on it than any watch I 've ever owned.So why am I rating it so low ? Because of the band . You can not shorten it yourself . I , of course , ordered this watch on-line , and when it arrived , I needed to shorten the band a link or two . There are no instructions for shortening it . No problem , I thought , I 'll just look on-line at Fossil 's web site to see how to do it . Well , there are NO directions at Fossil 's web site.OK , then I 'll just email Fossil and ask them how to do it . But wait , there is NO WAY to contact them . There is no email address ; no Contact information . I guess they just do n't want to be bothered.So , I go in and Google for instructions . No help . I use Yahoo! search and find a couple of sites . The only that offers ANY help is one which refers me right back to Amazon , where for $ 15.00 I can buy a tool to remove a link . Only problem now , is that the reviews for that tool , report that it does n't work on a lot of Fossil watches.So here I am stuck with this beautiful watch that falls off my wrist every time I lower my hand . No where in any of the watch descriptions warn you of this fact . And Fossil could n't care less.I want so bad to wear this watch and to like Fossil , but it seems as though they are just one more large corporation who does n't care about their customers .
 Bought one after reading a great article on the company and its products in a magazine . My opinion ? Overrated ! Nice box and all but the rear compartment cover does not close properly due to poor workmanship . Same with the top clasp to close the cover . Does it rotate and work properly - yes . Winding mechanism seems to work so far but fit and finish does not justify the price relative to other similar products . If there is another similar product available , you could do worse by gettting that one .
 Ordered this for a gift and when it did n't ship I contacted seller-received one reply with no content ! Only responded when I got Amazon involved to cancel this transaction . Said it was sold months ago ???????????? I say do n't waste your time .
 Exceptionally poor service from Jomashop . Shipping was charged at a premium , the shipping took over 2 weeks US to AUS = pathetically slow . The watch was not working when it arrived . Returning the item was impossible with Jomashops poor service . Jomashop 's customer service is the worst that I have ever experienced . DO NOT PURCHASE FROM JOMASHOP - shop elsewhere.Jomashop is not an authorised dealer for Victorinox so if purchasing from outside of the US where you might need a warranty cover shop elsewhere .
 I purchased a Seamaster and it stopped working in 6 months . The US service center said they would not fix it because I did n't save the warranty card . It cost me $ 400 to get if fixed.I would never buy another Omega .
 Do n't buy this watch ! Especially from Amazon . It started to lose time after about 3 months of wearing it . Called Amazon , they asked me to send it in - at my own cost !!! Returned to me after 4 weeks , same issue , in fact worse - losing time even while being worn . Called Amazon - sent from pillar to post , given a voucher for $ 20 and told nothing they can do except repair it again !! Have to send it in again - will take another 4 weeks to repair . Have spent a total of 1.5 hours on the phone + postage and insurance to return item twice . Not sure if it will ever work properly . You 've been warned !
 The solar battery circuit for this watch is marginal ; if you do n't expose the watch to a lot of light every day , either sunlight or artificial , this watch will go blank at odd times , so you 're without the Time , or it will die all together and require several hours `` charging '' before it can be used aain . I do not reccomend buying this watch . Instead of opting for a more expensive solar watch , that hopefully works , I bought a 10 year battery life Casio as a relacement , that hopefully will be last a long time .
 well the watch looks amazing but i really tought its 42 mm the case well its less then 30 mm wich is kinda small for me ... but the watch its super so u should put the real dimension ~ !!
 I got this watch for my birthday and I got dissapointed because It 's NOT easy to read , it confuses you because the lenght of the two hands almost look the same and you dont know which is which . So , I 'm just going to get another swatch watch , there are plenty of other better ones out there ... so dont buy this one because it just look cool .
 I liked this watch , until I got rained on and found out it is not even water resistant . If my son 's $ 5 watch is water proof up to 30 meters , certainly Fossil could have made this watch water resistant for an additional $ 5 . They argue that you should treat it like any other PDA - but it 's a watch , too , and people do n't usually take off their watches when it rains . Many people do n't even take them off when they shower ...
 This watch does have cool gadgets but be warned it is thick and round . I have big hands and wrists but could not get past the size of this watch . I sent it back and later purchased the updated pathfinder -LRB- PAW-1300 -RRB- . The PAW-1300 is sleeker and I am way more pleased with it .
 The batteries seems to be too weak , did not power the tire gauge that I bought for .
 When I bought this watch , I must say that the shiny look of it got me . However , I did n't realize that the movement -LRB- Philippines movement -RRB- was such low quality . I still wear the watch but I would not buy it again if I ever had to do so .
 i am so disappointed with this watch . i needed a watch with a large face so i could see the time , so i ordered this item because it is a mens watch . the dial face is good but the watch band is very chintzy . it barely goes around my writs and i am female . i also do not have a large wrist . this was a bad buy for me .
 It might just be REALLY bad luck , but after three fossil watches -LRB- 1 x blue , 2 x titanium -RRB- , I 've never managed to make them last more than two years each . They are really cool , look great and the price is reasonable . But this is the third time Fossil lets me down . And to get them repaired through the warranty is extremely painful.This time I 'm looking for another brand as I feel I 'm wasting my money .
 `` I bought this watch as a Christmas gift for my boyfriend , after 2 weeks , the round thing on top of the watch came off.The seller says it has to be sent to repair . . and it will take 3 to 5 weeks to get back . I am so embarassed of the poor quality gift I chose and ca n't belive they will not replace it . . with an apology ... their answer is just not acceptable . `` But there is nothing else I can do but write this review , I have two fossil watches myself and after the good reviews I read I was happy with the gift . . but now ... I am so disapointed
 I purchased a watch that was advertised as ` BRAND NEW with original packaging and manufacturer 's warranty ' . The watch failed after less than two months . There is no way to call or e-mail Time Zone Plus directly - and no website . And to try to contact Time Zone Plus through Amazon has been useless . My only other option is to go through the watch manufacturer for the warranty work , but it costs money to send the watch in , and they require that the seller be an authorized dealer in order to do the warranty work . Is Time Zone Plus and authorized dealer ? I wish I knew the answer , but it 's impossible to reach them .
 I always wanted a Swiss Army watch ! I was eagerly awaiting it 's arrival , then it came . The watch does keep the time and date accurately and it is a nice looking watch but I am majorly disappointed in the luminous hands . This watch has NO light , use it in sun and it 's suppose to glow with the luminous hands . WRONG , tried several ways to `` charge '' the glow with no luck . Maybe glows for an hour after being out in sun all day or under a lamp all night . $ 100.00 bucks for a world famous watch is not a bad deal , but come on , at least do what it should , right ?? Watch is useless in the dark !! Guess you have to pay extra for a Swiss army light ! I did n't think I 'd miss the light , but yes , I do , A LOT !! After more use in hiking and active activities , the face has gotten a deep scratch very easily . The rubber band tightens with hot conditions , and sometimes the locking pin stands straight up , and the rubber `` belt that keeps the strap down slides down frequently.Sadly I have noticed a lot of poor quality in women 's active type things , watches , shoes , shorts , they do n't seem to think women are as active or as tough as men ? Women 's gear needs a step up!I also like a lot of pockets in my shorts - less to carry in my pack . I like tough comfortable shoes that last . And I would love a women 's watch that offers us temp. , compass as well as time , date and my missing light ! Oh one last thing , not all women like short shorts in the woods , it 's not a fashion show it 's the woods ! Comfort , protection , and usefulness are my top picks.UPDATE
 This product works well when it works . Sometimes you have to unplug it and plug it in again to get it to turn on . Otherwise it works fine .
 I purchased this 9 months ago . It has had 6 months of daily wear . I purchased this watch to replace my other Swiss Army watch of the same make and model . The glow worked for only about 3 minutes after being under direct light . Do n't expect the glow to last longer than those three minutes . I kept the watch as I figured I could live without the lit decals . My previous watch lasted for about 5-7 years . The leather band on this one is already cracking and and breaking -LRB- after only 6 months of wear -RRB- - an indication that it is really old leather . It looks great out of the box , but it wo n't last . I 'm sorry that I wasted 93.00 on it . I will not buy from this vendor again .
 I should have taken the reviews more seriously . It took a little too long to ship , I could n't track it as promised and I could n't reach anyone . The watch was `` on '' in the box and the battery died a week into wearing it . Not as thin as it seems either .
 Attractive watch , feels good . The link started snapping off during the first few days of wearing it . got it fixed , then it broke from another part of the strap again.Too fragile , too much hassle . Ended up paying and wasting time for getting it all done .
 The first time I wore the watch the wrist band broke . Once I get it fixed , I will be worried that next time it breaks , I will not find the watch .
 I would not buy a watch online from fossil.My experience with their service department has been absolutely terrible . I 've received DOA shipments from them , and they force you to pay return postage even if they ship dead product to you .
 I purchased this watch in August and I was excited to have a watch that would be dressy and could be casual at the same time . The watch is overall gorgeous and I really liked the slim profile as it had a subtle quality and gave the watch more of the dressy factor . The watch claims to be water resistant up to 3 meters and I have to say that my hand washing at the sink is NOT 3 meters , and within a week the watch was filled with water.Skagen 's customer service suggested that I should mail the watch back to them and pay for shipping both ways and they would fix the watch for free . They were responsive , but I decided instead to try to dry the watch out a little and placed it in the sun.I should say that the watch worked fine with water inside it , but it was too hard to read . I had to shake the water so I could read the face of the watch . Eventually the time adjustment knob came off and the watch no longer worked . The watch worked for 7 months.Next time perhaps I will send the watch back to them , but I have to say I am not a fan of the watch and need something that works for me .
 I gotten this watch b/c of the mesh bracelet , very comfortable to wear , a nice looking casual watch , good brand . But I was disappointed that the silver rim around the watch was so easily scratched . I had the plastic clear sticker on the face of the watch for a week and just wore it that way since I figre no one can see it and it will help to protect the glass face . Well one week later the plastic came off by itself and within that one day of wearing the watch without the plastic sticker , the silver rim had some hair line scratches in one area . I was disappointed . I work in the office and do n't do anything with my hands , I do n't see how it could have gotten scratched so easily unless the scratch was already there beneath the plastic sticker . I 'll see if any more scratches come about .
 I love this watch and the mesh band is the best , but I 've purchased three watches and all three had seals or stems which broke down to moisture . Some of these watches are supposed to be able to go into the shower and under water but I would never get another one for everyday use . I never take my watch off . I hope I can return them for credit or repair .
 Glad I left it a few months before writing this review!Loved the watch upon arrival , great style.First annoyance was with the clasp - even when firmly clicked into place it would loosen easily , to the point of the watch falling off my wrist more than once.Second annoyance is that the watch scratched very easily.Third and biggest annoyance is that within four months of purchase a huge crack appeared vertically across almost the entire face . I did NOT knock the watch against anything to prompt this . Within 24 hours of the first crack appearing , a horizontal crack appeared , leading off the original vertical crack.The watch is now unwearable . Warranty does not cover the watch face -LRB- as I understand is the case with a lot of brands -RRB- , but I do n't see the point of paying half the price of the watch itself to get this repaired.I wish I 'd read more reviews online about Skagen , where several people have also reported the watch face cracking without recollection of knocking the watch against anything .
 My wife bought this watch because she liked the looks . It worked for a year and a half . I bought a replacement for her since the repair for the original would have cost more than the watch was worth . The replacement lasted six weeks . Replaced the battery to no avail . This is clearly a bad watch with a high failure rate .
 The gold mesh band lost some of its finish and the safety catch became tarnished after wearing only 3 times . Had to return it for full refund .
 The screen cracked on me and i am sure i did not hit it anywhere . I also read other people having similar issues with skagen watches . I do like the watch but can keep buying a new one every year .
 I have purchased two of these watches over the last six months . I had the first watch for two months and then noticed a crack across the entire face . Although I do n't recall doing anything to cause the crack , I decided to chalk it up to an accidental bump . I purchased the second watch six weeks ago and it was cracked within a week . This time , I am absolutely positive that I did nothing to cause the crack . I wore the watch to and from work -LRB- desk job -RRB- , and did nothing strenous while wearing it . At this point , I do n't want a repair or a replacement . This specific watch has been a huge disappointment after having had other Skagens that performed beautifully .
 I bought this a few years back . After a few months of use , the glass is full of scratches . Then the battery died after a year . I have a few other watches and non has looked as horrible on the glass . Very disappointed I have been avoiding skagen since .
 I bought this watch to wear on my vacation to Guatemala . I wanted something inexpensive in case it was stolen . The first day I wore it I was out jogging and it broke and fell off my arm scratching the crystal . One of the pins attaching the band to the watch had fallen out . I took it to a local watch repairman and he fixed it . On my first day in Guatemala the watch fell apart again and my husband lost the pin while trying to fix it . I have other Skagen watches that are designed differently . If you look at how this one is put together it seems that it is designed to fall apart .
 I had a similar experience as another purchaser . My wife wore this for less than a day and the pin holding the band to the body came out and was lost . I bought this as a birthday gift and now my wife 's present is on its way back to Amazon.This really is too bad . The band , and mother of pearl face were very pretty . Still , I can not give more than one star because of my experience .
 Amazon Return window of about a month turned out to be just longer than this watch worked . Lasted for about 35 days , then died . Do n't waste your time with this product .
 The hinge which connects the watch to the band is very stiff and does not conform to the curvature of a slim wrist . It 's a pretty watch , but I had to return it because it fit me like a bangle bracelet .
 This is a beautiful watch , and for the first 30 days , I would have given this watch a 5 star review . But yesterday it stopped . I am not sure if this is a battery issue , or another issue , but either way it is unacceptable for a watch to stop keeping time after only a month of owning it . When I discover what the issue is , I wil update this review , depending on how difficult -LRB- and expensive -RRB- it will be to fix . For now , I am just disappointed .
 I purchased this watch at a dept store and enjoyed it . Ruined the mesh strap after a year by accident and ordered a new one from Skagen . It arrived defective and I did n't feel like trying to pay more money for the return postage . I wore it for awhile and it snagged every sweater . Now I just do n't wear it . Nice item , poor customer service from maker . Do n't buy at dept store - way too expensive .
 I ordered a watch through Amazon on August 4th . It is now the 10th and it has not been delivered . I tried to track the package and the information is confusing with no way to find out more . WHY NOT USE UPS ????
 I should have returned it . The clasp does not hold . I have almost lost this watch many , many times . One day I will ...
 Unfortunately , the clasp would not stay secure and an hour after putting it on , the watch would fall to the floor or fly across the room . I had to return it .
 I love Skagen watches and have worn them for 8 years.But on this specific model the face covering broke within two months of wearing it -LRB- not everyday either -RRB- . I am bummed , my skagen 's usually last much longer .
 Was somewhat disappointed with this watch - it is attractive , but has a a much smaller face than I was expecting . And it is very hard to read - the gold hands do n't stand out well enough against the black face . I wish I had chosen differently .
 This is a clean , elegant , but low-keyed timepiece . It does not shout out `` look at me '' but if noticed I suspect will provoke favorable comment . Unfortunately I could never confirm this -LRB- except from my wife -RRB- because I never got it on my wrist . The band size function of the clasp can be adjusted , however there is no `` give '' in the titanium and no margin of error . I was not able to adjust it for a precise fit . The clasp is diificult to `` line up '' and snap closed . I am repacing it with the Skagen Mens Leather 256LSLB .
 I received this watch to find out that the face looks a lot different than the picture . the face is a much darker purple to the point where the numbers are harder to see then they should be . not happy with miss leading picture .
 This nike watch stops working every day . The screen disappears and no numbers are left . It is not worth your time or money .
 A very cool looking watch , but we have sent six -LRB- 6 -RRB- of these suckers back to Nike Parsec Service Center . To their credit they keep replacing them , but we are going to ask for something else this time . The Presto Cee has a semi-rigid one-piece wristband and I think that has something to do with the face plates popping off . Or sometimes water gets under the face plate just from hand washing . Looking on the Nike website I think they do n't offer any watches with the bracelet style wristband anymore .
 This watch is beautify if you have average to large wrists . I have a small wrist so after having a few links removed , the watchband kept breaking . I now have $ 65 invested in repairs and will not do it again . Am considering contacting Bulova . The watch itself was a great price through Amazon and is lovely .
 This watch is the cheapest one I have ever owned . It says water resistent to 99 ft. This is inaccurate . Water gets into it when showering . Bulova also has terrible customer service . They charge you a $ handling fee to have them fix it . When my watch was returned it was not fixed . Now Bulova says water resistence does not mean protection from water and they are not sure if my watch will be covered under warranty . I wish I had purchased a cheap one from Walmart , because their $ 10 watches are of much higher quality than this one . Do not buy this watch or any other Bulova if you would like quality !
 I was all excited to open the box for this watch . I opened it up and I laughed ! The dial on the watch is so small it looks like a childs watch . It looks nothing like it does in the picture . I sent it back that day . The watch is a total joke . Dont buy it !
 Bought this watch for my wife and within a week use of the watch , water got into it ... for a $ 150 thats the last thing you would expect . On top of that I have to pay for shipping to repair this piece of junk ...
 I ordered a new Bulova watch from this seller and I have received a used watch with full of scratches and in very used condition . I never recommend this seller .
 Shipping took FOREVER . Total disappointment when it did finally arrive ... Box -LRB- packaging -RRB- looks nothing like what it was online , no paperwork , certificates etc. . There was also no Bulova cloth sponge inside holding the watch . Just some cheap looking black one . The watch itself does resemble what is pictured but screams knockoff from every other aspect ... . SOLD BY AMAZON
 This is an elegantly styled watch with little or no pedigree . Lucien Piccard is a Swiss company , implying that the watch is of Swiss origin too . The fact is that there are no indications of the country of manufacture , giving me the belief that it is probably made in China . The watch is much heavier and thicker than I thought.If you want a genuine analogue self winding mechanical watch this is a bargain , but do not be convinced of its pedigree by the name on the band.Overall disappointed since it is so much clumsier than I thought and it is true that you get what you pay for !!
 Very disappointed with this watch , one hour after I recieved it the day indicator hand fell off . I hadnt even worn the watch yet because I wasnt sure if I was going to keep it . the hand must have been loose originally . I guess you do get what you pay for . But the seller of the item was very helpful . so the 1 star rating is only for the product not the seller .
 Do n't buy this watch unless you want to adjust time every morning when you wake up ! This is the only explanation about `` automatic '' ! I am Very disappointed about this product ! I bought this for my boyfriend as a gift . It said Water resistance 100 feet , but It had moisture inside the watch by wearing around household sinks after a few days we purchased it ! We had been sending back and forward to the factory , but they had never fixed the problem .
 Timezone123 replaced my first watch after one of the hands fell off . The second watch lasted a couple of weeks and two hands fell off . After repeated emails with no response I have given up on them . If two in a row are defective , then LP must have a manufacturing quality issue . Maybe that is why they are wholesaled out to Timezone for liquidation.Beautiful watch with a classy look and feel . Just wish they would back the product .
 Received the watch and 2 weeks later , the push button for dates spoilt . From the transparent case , can see that the connector slided out . Contacted seller and sent the watch back for repair and now it 's as good as gone . No news from seller . Bad watch and worse service . Purchase at own risk .
 This watch look very nice , but a just used for 2 week and do n't work , and nobody cant fixed .
 The watch look 's great but just in the early morning , forget to see it at night , even in the daylight it 's imposible to see the small dials , i 'll sell it for less
 I bought one of these and it was dead on arrival . Clock did not work . I returned it to the vendor and they sent me another . Once again dead on arrival . The clock did not work and also the time adjustment dial did not work either . I 'm guessing based on my experience that this is just a low quality product all around . Why else would the two that I got be dead on arrival ?
 The Dog Tag watch came in and was exactly as it was pictured . Since it was a stocking stuffer for my husband , I just wrapped it up and slipped it in the stocking quickly without really looking at it . When it was opened , it did not work . I contacted the seller who took several days to respond , then he wanted all kinds of information etc all on a 3x5 index card . Plus I had to pay to ship it back . It was so cheap , I decided it was not worth the effort and money to ship the thing back . I took it apart , found what kind of battery it took and went out and bought a battery for it , which cost another $ 5 . Fortunately , when I replaced the battery , it started right up . So far , it is keeping time . However , I would think that a reputible business would test their products to ensure they are leaving their warehouse in working order . The battery probably cost more than the actual watch , so in my opinion , this seller should have been more willing to fix the product , or ship a replacement .
 i bought several watches in the amazon , but i bought this tissot sems not original and the therefore the partiesis is fading gold leaf , how can we fix this already that is very famous brand and very expensive .
 I bought this watch as the result of a serious search for the perfect aviation watch . It really disappointed me . First of all it has a cheap and tinny look more appropriate for a $ 75 WalMart watch . It is NOT a $ 500 watch . It is very light , but I like heavier feel says quality to me . The watch can be tricked into giving dual -LRB- Zulu -RRB- time , but this means that the watch hands are crooked when in compass mode , thermometer and meteo mode . There is no documentation for how to get it to show Zulu time on the digital display . It took me 20 minutes to finagle it and I am dreading the next daylight savings time change because I have already forgotten how I did it.You can not enter the altimeter setting directly . This is not mentioned in any of the marketing materials . In order to set the altimeter to current conditions you have to know your altitude !!!!! Can you believe that ???? Ridiculous ... The barometric pressure is reported in hectopascals , not inches of mercury , which means that this should be marketed only in Europe , not North America . I had read on the internet that it would express inches of mercury too , but that is wrong . The date setting only is expressed as day/month , not month/day . Good for Eurocentric Swiss engineers , confusing for North Americans.The compass is inaccurate . Without moving the watch , the compass varies by 10 degrees or so , busily and mindlessly buzzing the crooked hands back and forth with a mind of its own.The chrono is good enough for me , but people who like split times need a different watch . I do like the alarm.If you want a serious watch that does everything this T-Touch should do , buy a Suunto observer .
 First the analog and digital times were almost 30 minutes apart and nothing I could do would synch them up . The chronograpgh function would not work . The date would not show only the incorrect digital time . I tried to find a users manual , as the one in the box did not address the digital side all , but no luck on the Tissot web site.It did look nice though . The clasp was a little loose so I am not sure how well it would stay closed.Going back tomorrow ... disappointed .
 2/6/11 Updates
 Bought this watch for a Christmas gift ... it did n't work . Directions said that sometimes quartz watches just needed new battery so had a new battery put in ... watch still did n't work . Sent it back and ask for replacement that will work ... have n't heard back from Amazon yet . If I get one that works , I 'll upgrade this rating .
 I bought this watch because it was an automatic , but it has some problems . I am getting ready to send it back a second time because it is losing time , at a rate of 6 minutes a week . It looks nice , but is big unfortunately . I have read a few others have had the time loss problem as well with Tissot .
 Decided to buy a Tissot PRs 516 automatic because of its claim to fame by a Swiss manufacturer . Since buying the watch in early March , I have worn it for approximately 4 weeks total and it has been in the workshop for the rest of the time -LRB- sent back twice -RRB- . I lead a normal lifestyle and enjoy the occasional leisurely swim . I also wear the watch in the shower.Within 2 weeks of wearing the watch , there was a thin film of mist inside the watch chamber , both front and back portions . This got worse until water droplets formed inside the chamber , staining the luminova and the watch face . I tried to get in touch with Tissot , but it appears they only have regional offices as such who seem to reply with an automated e-mail reply detailing various factory warranty repair centers in the locality.Till today , none of my personal inquiries have been answered by Tissot.Having sent the watch to the local watch repair center -LRB- from their private website they claim to repair high end swiss watches as their specialty -RRB- , the repair center kept the watch for 2 months because there was a back-order of parts from Tissot for about 6 weeks , and then another 2 to do the necessary work on the watch.The watch was returned in a polished and as new condition . Within 3 days , there was again , a mist of condensation inside the watch . There was 1 leisurely swim in an 18 meter pool , and a few showers that the 50m watch had to withstand - that was all . . not even a 49m dive was required of the watch.As expected , the moisture got worse , and the dialface + luminova got discoloured again . the watch was then sent back to the repair center and I 've only just received it back after 21/2 months wait . the black ring around the watch with the numbers on it appear to be off-orientation by 1-2 mm . Hence , the numbers and the clock luminovas do not match up now.Having researched the background of Tissot , they are now owned exclusively by the Swatch group . Therein lies the main issue . If you wish to buy a swatch , go ahead and buy a swatch . Do n't buy a Tissot disguised as as Swatch and pay 4 times the price for a watch which does not stand up to the simple test of waterproofing.For the price I paid , approx US $ 550 or 300 , I would have been happier with an ugly Tag , knowing that I can take a shower or swim and not be worried about water in the watch.I am even happy to provide photographic evidence of the moisture within the watch , since there appears to be no response from tissot USA , Tissot UK or Tissot Switzerland .
 The watch feels light and not consistant with the quality I expected . The use of the different time zones is a little difficult and the chronograph when used for a longer period of time does not respond to a push on the crown to stop the timing on my watch . The touch face is a novelty and fun . I find the digital display needs careful reading to make out .
 The Tissot T3000 Navigator is a great concept - a watch who 's hands move to show the time in different zones . Perfect for frequent travellers like me where I often need to adjust the time instantly on arrival . It 's fun seeing the hands motor around to the new time while others are fiddling with theirs , plus the inbuilt LCD display can be made to show the home time . As far as I can see , this is the only watch on the market that does this.But it did n't last long though . Within a few months the minute hand stopped moving . The local Tissot repair shop -LRB- they 're part of the Swatch group -RRB- refused to handle the watch despite acknowledging that it is indeed an original and not a fake , and seeing the box , manual and the proof of purchase . Apparently this is a discontinued model which , I learn , has `` known problems '' . And this means they 'll charge you to fix it - possibly by more than it cost to buy . This was a gift from my parents , so I sort of treasured it . Treatment by Tissot in this case is unacceptable.I was expecting more from Tissot . Their repair shop here in Singapore was full today of people with trouble . It seems they like to run the repair shop at a profit , charging for every little thing . I 'm disappointed that such a company wo n't stand by their product .
 I ordered 2 for gifts , but returned on . It was returned on 6/27 and signed by you at 10:29 , yet I 've not gotten my credit for the return . Is this the way you treat all customers ?
 This is not a very rugged watch . We bought this for our 9 year old , and it stopped working within a few months . A new battery did n't help .
 The description is misleading for sure . This is not truly a `` unisex '' watch . The band is entirely too skinny for my liking and I do not have a big wrist . Previously bought a different style of the Timex 1440 sports watch that was listed as men 's and it is more appropriately sized for Men and works great for me . I 'm sure this watch will function great as mine has done but I returned it almost instantly after opening it out of the box . I would not recommend this to any adult male and possibly some Women as well . More appropriate for someone petite or children .
 I love watches , I can not stand being without one , and I am an athlete . I bought this watch expecting simple functionality , and I must say I was disappointed.There is a beeping sound every time a button is pressed -LRB- the manual does not mention this , I found advice online on how to fix it , but it did not work - maybe I just had a bad piece ?? -RRB- . I thought this was really annoying and potentially a problem
 Good looking watch but I could n't set the time . The rest of the buttons seemed to work but not the timesetting mode .
 I was looking for a digital watch and I loved the price and model of this one . Although this is not a unisex watch , but woman 's . It 's too small for a man . Sad ...
 My son wore this watch for 1 day when one of the buttons actually fell off . The next day it got wet and filled with water . Complete waste of money .
 Bought this watch for my 8 year old son for Christmas . He wore it that day and the next day , by the next night the pin to set the stop watch fell out and that part does n't work anymore . I am very disappointed with the quality !
 I purchased this watch for my 7 year old for christmas.Although , we have set it several times , it keeps goinginto military time . My son also complains it itches him.Needless to say , we are not happy with this watch .
 My 10 year old son got this watch for his birthday and absoulutely loved it . After wearing it for a couple of weeks though he developed a rash around his wrist where the band touched his skin . This kid has never been allergic to anything in his life . He is so dissapointed because he loves the watch but ca n't wear it .
 This product has the feel and quality of a very cheap watch -LRB- do n't let the picture fool you -RRB- . Although the Amazon price seemed great , the watch is n't worth half the price . Save your money or spend a little more and get a higher quality watch . We returned this to Amazon .
 I bought a kid 's Timex watch for my son . It broke after 7 month of use -LRB- even though the kid is very neat -RRB- . To get it fixed or replaced , you have to mail the watch and also include $ 8 return postage fee . Is it worth the effort ?
 I ca n't review the product as I have not yet received it . I have never waited so long for a purchase to arrive , not even from across the globe .
 What do you expect for $ 15 ? Nothing works on it . Pick something else .
 I 'm adding to my original review and removing another star . An even bigger annoyance is that the timer does n't allow you to ` reset ' like the Ironman Series . So if you want to to stop the timer and zero-out to begin again , you have to re-set the time . You ca n't simply press the ` reset ' button . Very irritating as this is a major use for me for running intervals . So a couple of weeks later I bought an IRONMAN once again -LRB- WalMart price-matched a 20 % off K-mart ad which made it only $ 24 compared to the Amazon price of $ 35 -RRB- . The IRONMAN has been my tried and true through three watches in 15 years -LRB- because I 've lost them , not because they gave out ! -RRB- . Purchase the IRONMAN not the ' 1440 whatever ' of Timex models.My original review ... The other reviewer `` 6thMichCav '' ... I wish I had read this review before purchasing . Overall a good simple watch , but the bleeping is bleeping annoying ! Constant bleeping on all button pushes -LRB- except indiglo -RRB- ... yuck ! Anyway - I 've had Ironman watches for years and years and would probably still purchase another .
 This is not a unisex watch , the dial is too narrow . It 's clearly a woman 's watch . The band is narrow too . Would not get for ANY male .
 This is a great little watch , if you treat it right . Perfect size and colors for a young boy -LRB- 9 years old -RRB- , but it is NOT waterproof . My son wore it in the bath tub and it is ruined . The alarm is going off randomly , the lens is all fogged up and now the digital readout is completely funky and incorrect . If you do n't plan on taking it in the water , however , it is a great little watch . I am giving it a one star because Timex advertises it as water resistant to a depth of 165 feet . It clearly is NOT .
 Five minutes after setting the time , the watch had already fallen behind by two minutes . We reset the watch and waited ten minutes and the watch was behind by five minutes ! Now it is behind by a full twenty-four hours . Also , the numbers would randomly flicker and disappear . Very disappointing for our eight year old !
 CONS : - Its small . I do n't care what the description says , this is a women 's watch , not unisex . - It beeps on every button press . Its very loud and you ca n't disable it . - Its not very pretty . The silver area around the watch face in the product picture is actually chrome plastic , and it makes it look really cheap . This is probably my biggest problem with the watch . The product picture makes it look better than it actually is . - Ca n't review your lap times on the stopwatch.PROS : - Cheap -LRB- you get what you pay for -RRB-
 First , I loved it . It fitted nicely -LRB- I have a thin wrist -RRB- and looks very sporty and such . I wore it every single day , days and nights , in and out shower -LRB- it should be water resistance , right ? -RRB- . Even though some of the red color was faded , I still thought it looked nice.Two days ago , however , it seemed like there was some water and steam inside the face . It happened once before and it went away in a day or so . But this time , it did n't go away and the watch started to display random stuff in the face . Then it made random sound like a robot is dying LOL . And this morning , it was gone . RIP Timex.Sending it for repair is not worth it . I have to pay the shipping in and $ 8 shipping out . For the $ 15 watch , just forget about the warranty . No more Timex . I will stick with Casio . I bought a plain Casio 11 years ago for $ 10 , used it the same way , changed the wrist band 4-5 times , and it still works ! I retired it because I wanted something new so I went with Timex last year . For the price $ 15 , I think it 's fair . However , I went for Casio to replace this watch .
 When I bougth it . the description was a unisex sport watch , but is so small that looks great on my 5 years old son .
 after recieving the watch . which came on time , my son now tells me that the light does not work anymore . i have not had this product for more than a few wks . if thats the quality of the product . i would not recomend it to anyone .
 We ordered this watch for our son for Christmas . It 's his first watch and he was very excited to get it . However after just a few weeks , the upper right Start/Stop button fell off ! The piece is so small he did n't realize it was missing , and he stopped wearing it because it was n't working . We order our presents well in advance to be prepared for the holidays so we ca n't return it to Amazon -LRB- $ ^ @ * # -RRB- and Timex charges 50 % the cost of the watch if we send it back to be repaired . Frustrating . A $ 20 watch should last a kid at least a year or two , right ?
 This watch is a fake ... nowhere on it does it say TIMEX ... it 's just a generic , cheap watch . Should have known ... even TIMEX watches cost more than this .
 Nice looking watch described as unisex . But when I got it , I decided that no self-respecting man would wear it . Gave it to my daughter .
 This watch is simple , but I just needed it for a trip out of country and other basic uses . It held up well for a 2.5 week trip in Africa with only a few scratches on the front . I did n't pay much for it , so I knew it would have some bumps and bruises . It also served as my alarm every morning without fail.Upon returning and going in the pool a couple of times the glass began to fog up . A day later it is no longer working . It switches between setting the date and time . It will give off periodical beeps , and none of the buttons respond when pressed . Although it is an inexpensive , I expected it to last for more than 3 weeks of use .
 The instructions were easy enough but the watch would not respond when I pushed the buttons . It says to hold the ` set ' button for 2 seconds and the seconds will begin flashing . Some of the time it did that but the hours would never respond when I hit ` mode ' . I worked with it a long time and then finally returned it .
 My daughter bought this watch with her own money and loved it while it was working . She was very disappointed when , for no reason , the watch started fogging up . I called Mr. Watch -LRB- the company we bought it from -RRB- and they said it should stop . Of course , it did n't . It actually got worse to the point that the numbers started disappearing . At this point , we could n't return it to Mr. Watch but had to send it to timex for repair .
 We bought this for our son for his birthday . He used it in the pool , and water entered inside the case . It stopped working shortly afterwards . It worked for one month .
 The watch is just what I wanted for our camp so that I could have a waterproof watch for the beach . Unfortunately during my 1st time wearing it to our beach last weekend while floating on rafts with some friends , they asked what time it was to rib me about my `` new water proof watch '' that I `` bragged about '' . Well it was working fine and I smiled with satisfaction . However that evening , when taking it off it was clouded up . I was shocked ... my arm was draped in the water up to my wrist ... so where was the 400 ' protection ? I 'll give you all an update when I see how good this company handles defects .
 I 'm sure the watch is fine . I do n't know , I 'll never use it . It 's called a unisex watch , but the face is really small . I think they should go ahead and call this a woman 's watch . I showed it to friends and they agreed . Again , a fine , cheap sports watch , I 'm sure . But , if you are a guy , I would keep looking .
 I had this watch for two weeks and the metal band broke . in addition sometimes the button that controls the indiglo gets `` locked '' in the on position
 I bought one half a dozen years back , and while trying to set the date -LRB- per instructions -RRB- , the stem pulled all the way out of the watch . I wrote it off , it was a work watch and not expensive . I needed a work watch again recently and asked my wife to pick up a cheapo . Yep , same story . The very first time I had to set the date , pulled the stem out per the illustration in the instructions and it rotated the minute hand . Tried pulling it out a little more , but it seemed not to want to move . Then I pushed it back in until I felt a detent , and it still moved the minute hand . I figured this meant I had to pull a litle harder to get to the next -LRB- date -RRB- position , and the darn stem came off in my hand . Fool me twice , shame on me . NEVER AGAIN.fool me twice
 Own the watch for a couple of weeks when the band broke , nice looking watch but plan on buying a band for it
 this is junk - the strap which works by velcro ripped in 1st week with just normal usage
 The item arrived but the light did not work and it was hard to read through the odd pattern on the face . The seller did not respond to my query . I then purchased a similar product from a different vendor . The new one works great ! I feel like throwing the Smith & Wesson Carabiner up for target practice with a Colt 44 !
 Nothing special here , was disappointed the hands did and numbers did not glow in the dark . I needed this watch for night work . . Will keep and eye out for luminated hands and numbers ...
 I bought this watch just before retiring last year . When it arrived in a nice metal box I had a good feeling about it . Then I opened the box . There was no paper work with it at all . You would think a booklet telling you about the watch , the warrenty , what type of battery it used , something would come with it . I remover the plastic stem spacer that prevents the watch from working . I set the time , pushed the stem in & nothing . It did n't work . I should have sent it back then , but pulled the pushed the stem in again & it started ticking . It stopped after a few months , I replaced the battery , it still did n't work . Then after sitting a few days it started to tick again . Amazon would do nothing because it was over 90 days & refered me to Best Services Store were it was sold through . They told me to contact CAMPCO the distributer for Smith & Wesson . CAMPCO 's web site said that if the battery was replaced by the owner , the warrenty was voided . Amazon ' 90 day policy let me down because according to Smith & Wessons site , the watch has a one year warrenty . I did n't buy it from CAMPCO so Best Services who sold it to me let me down because they passed to buck to CAMPCO . If I had bin provided a copy of the warrenty I would have known to have some one else replace the battery . So what I have learned . Do n't buy a Smith & Wesson watch & do n't buy onw from Amazon , Best Services Store or CAMPCO .
 This pocket watch is hard to read the time without full light conditions , and the face is not as presented in the photo . Perhaps the built in light would help , but it worked only once when first used and has not functioned since .
 I bought this two Chrstmases ago and can not for the life of me figure out how to make it work .
 I bought two of these watches over the past six months and I had problems with both . The first one the clock was intermittent . I bought a second one . This one the light came on and would not turn off . I opened the back and had to disconnect the wire to the light , when I started putting it back together the back would not seat . Upon trying to reseat the back I broke the crystal . I then took the mechanism out of the second watch and put it in the first watch casing . The light is still intermittent . I would NOT purchase another one of these .
 This is an attractive watch , but my daughter brought it home in pieces after her first day wearing it . It was n't very comfortable , either .
 I bought a lightly used version of this watch on Ebay for what seemed a very reasonable price -LRB- 95 -RRB- . After wearing it for a short while , I think I understand why . This is a very heavy watch , solely because of the thick stainless steel casing . It 's bulkiness may look trendy to some , but it is not very elegant in my opinion.The watch 's metal band is a problem . Being thick and heavy , it is curved a certain way with little flexibility . It does not fit my wrist well and is uncomforable . In addition , the hairs on my wrist get caught painfully between the links . Finally , the pins that hold the links together have a tendency to slide out on their own and look as though they could piece the skin on my wrist.A few days after I bought the watch , another seller emailed me to say that these watches contain defective capacitors which wear out after five years . He offered to sell me a fix which I did not purchase , but I have since read elsewhere of other users having to have capacitors replaced.In my view , this watch does not offer features , quality or style to justify its normal selling price . I would recommend a regular quartz watch as being a far better value than the Kinetic series .
 This is an extremely cheap watch and straps . You have to -LRB- as another person stated -RRB- Macgyver the straps to catch essentially holding the watch on your wrist . The watch fogged over just from the condensation on my arm , in the first 10 minutes . I called Smith and Wesson and they told me that I had to call the company that made the watch and straps . Smith and Wesson would not stand behind their product at all , which is the reason I will never buy another product from them . I would suggest to save your money for a product that actually works the way it was intended right out of the box . Shame on you Smith and Wesson for outsourcing a product , and selling it to the public knowing that it does n't work properly .
 I bought this military watch w / a 3 strap gift set for my husband . And he LOVED it !! The delivery was very fast -LRB- considering it was shipped all the way from NY -RRB- & the condition of the package was good . Customer service was great , they responded right away . i 'll be buying from them again & will recommend others . --------- 2 weeks later --------- My husband was very upset ! Not only did this watch cost us over $ 30 but he only wore it maybe 12 times before the watch just STOPPED working , and when we contacted customer service they were very rude and unhelpful !! Very disappointed about the product itself so buyers BEWARE , cheaply made , look for a different watch !! -LRB- if I could rate this product lower then 1 star I would . -RRB-
 I recommend that nobody purchases this watch . Mine broke after a month , I sent it back to Smith & Wesson and they sent me a completely different watch about 12 weeks later . I sent that back and they eventually sent me the correct replacement after another 8 weeks . That watch broke within a week . Very cheap materials . Please do n't buy this - it is junk .
 Even though it 's only twenty dollars and you 're not expecting much comming out of the box , you would at the very least assume the a watch would be able to do the one function it was designed to . This watch can not . It constantly pauses , falls behind in time , and even stops altogether . I do n't recommend this product to any one .
 Thinking you will receive a great watch for a good price !!!? NONONONO ! it is just a piece of garbage !!!!!!! ; has stooped in few hours ; on reality it is a chinese branded watch . Smith & Wesson do n't fabricate watches . I am a international buyer and now , i am suffering because i 've lost my money ! in the end , the cheap becamed very expensive !!!
 I ordered this watch thinking it would be the appropriate size , but it is quite large -LRB- 2 '' from one end of the face to the other -RRB- and it engulfed my wrist - I do have small wrists , but still it was BIG .
 All 3 straps broke with in hours of wearing them would not buy this ... very cheap ! Complete waste of money . . was not happy
 this product is nice , it 's exactly what you get in the picture . I bought this watch for my boyfriend , and he was very happy with it . He loved the changeable straps , and the way it felt and looked . After 2 weeks of use , the plastic dial that changes the time broke off , but that did not bug him . he still enjoyed it and would switch time -LRB- daylight saving -RRB- with my tweezers . after a week he showered with it , and it announces that is water resistant , but the next day there was moisture and sweat inside the watch and it did not work . 2 days after it started working . But today , he was wearing the watch and the needle that reads the seconds broke off and its stuck on the glass , still due to the water damage . It 's a very nice watch but too good to be true , smith & wesson makes guns , and not watches . Please continue to make good guns and not cheap watches , im very unsatisfied .
 I originally had a very good review on this watch . Recent events have changed my opinion . At first glance this watch appears to be very well made . The sad truth is that if you 're living in a warm weather state , after a rainy day , the humidity will cause water to buildup inside and behind the crystal . That being said , the watch ca n't possibly be water resistant up to 99 feet . I have no doubt that if I jump into a pool of 5 feet , this watch will be filled up with water . Now , if the watch runs by H20 , that 's a different story . Smith & Wesson should stick to making boots . I love their leather tacitcal boots , but I hate their watches .
 The bands get stinky in a week . Wash them . Fine . Fade very quickly . THEN ! Then the face cracked when I lightly placed it on a granite counter top . Very weak .
 This watch was so terrible , i threw it away within two weeks ... I was looking for a watch to wear while at work , and it looked great . I was WRONG . It came with 3 bands , all three bands lasted a couple days . They would n't stay on my wrist . i had it pinned in the third hole , and in minutes the pin would collapse down . Worst thing i have bought in a long time . I do not recommend unless your buying something for target practice with something else from this company !
 I really did like this watch at first . The strap took some time to wear in but it looked great and performed just as you 'd expect it to . I even got a few compliments on it . After a few weeks this `` water resistant '' watch was getting water inside the face from showering , and worst of all the band started to stink from getting wet . It was a very stale , pungent odor that made my wrist stink as well . I wanted to like this watch , and I was hoping it would keep up for the long haul , but unfortunately it lasted but a few months and is nothing more than a piece of junk . I suggest looking for something else .
 The time dusk snapped off minutes after receipt . I was so disgusted I just threw the piece of crap out .
 Smith and Wesson ?? I expected more from them . I got this from my son which was on his wish list but imagine his disappoint when he put it on and it litterly fell apart , from the stem to the strap . Buyer beware
 I opened the box , took off the plastic guard around the winding pin , and the whole thing fell out , making it impossible to set the time ... ok , so I opened up the back and the second hand fell off ! But , w/o the second hand , I was able to manually advance the hands to the correct date and time , put the case and cover back on and wear it . It 's very quiet . Of course , unless you actually see the minute hand advance , it 's hard to tell if it 's working . The canvas straps are nice and thick , need a little breaking in , but assuming none of the other parts fall off tonight , it seems to work ok for $ 20
 Had to replace watch band . Too smallJust an inexpensive watch and I do n't have high expectations . We 'll see how long it lasts .
 After having had this watch for over a year , it does not seem to be holding up well . The black plating has been coming off , which gives it a worn look which may be good or bad . What it mostly bothering me though is that the inside of the glass has developed this foggy film which gives it a pretty cheap look . I will be replacing this watch soon .
 After having this watch in less than 1.5 feet of water for no more than 15 minutes , the inside of the watch is filled with condensation.The bands are super cheap . I should have sprung the extra 15 or 20 bucks and got a Timex.This thing is garbage !
 This watch looks good in the picture , but it looks cheap on your wrist.It also scatches very easily.I 've been very careful , but the strap is showing wear after two weeks .
 The pin came out the watch on the attachment to the face . Hard to find a repair place . Happened in less than 90 days .
 ` a ' button does n't make a good contact works sometime & not other timesmemory sometimes give a false -LRB- full -RRB- very disappointed in product
 first couple days this watch broke ... lol the screen turned black like there was ink inside which was weird . tried to call customer service but its disconnected ... sent them a email didnt get anything back . . now i dont want to ship it back because i dont want to play shipping lol ... 40 bucks for this piece of plastic crap . . haha lesson learned . o well it did look good ten years ago .
 Buenos diasEl reloj recien me llega y no funciona , esta prendido pero ninguna tecla funciona , creo que deberia revisar si funciona antes de salir ... Y ahora que hago ... Anteriormente tambien he comprado relojes y no he tenido problemas ... que pasooo !!!! sldosIng . Cavanna
 This was a bad choice . I had a Casio Data Bank 300 for many years and it was a great watch but this is a POS . Do n't buy it !
 I 've owned the Casio Databank 150 for 20 years and it is my lifeline for getting to meetings/appointments on time . Unfortunately Casio does n't make it anymore , and it is impossible to read letters anymore , just the numbers , and the ' 1 ' button does n't always work . So I bought the closest replacement by Casio.I 'm less than pleased . I do n't need the phone number capability -LRB- now that I have a cell phone -RRB- but do use the scheduled alarms by date . I could schedule alarms on my cell phone , but it 's not always on me -LRB- no pockets-I 'm female -RRB- . The old one could schedule 150 total items -LRB- phone numbers or scheduled alarms -RRB- . This one only has 30 phone numbers and they are totally separate from the alarms , of which there are ONLY 5 !! What a pain . The are also not as easy to set , needing multiple buttons -LRB- ` mode ' to set which alarm , and ` adjust ' to start the setting -RRB- , and holding down the adjust button -LRB- not just pressing it as the instructions say -RRB- until the numbers flash . I found this to be several seconds.It also has no timer , just a stopwatch , and I use the timer function a lot as well , rather than carry a kitchen timer around in my non-existent pockets . Why did Casio have to ` fix ' something that was n't broken . I 'd have gladly paid more to have the old features.I 'm very tempted to return this one and stay with my old one until it completely gives up , or use my husband 's seldom used one but it does n't have a light . If I can find one on Ebay , this one is going back .
 This is the only replacemment I could find for my DBC150 . It is NOT nearly the watch that the 150 was . Why did Casio discontinue the DBC150 . A GREAT step backward !
 This would be my third casio databank watch and I must say I disappointed in what should have been a significant improvement over my previous ones . First , it looks great compared to those black banded ones but the metal band is big so you will probably have to bring it to a jeweler to take links out . This is not an expansion band . It is the type with the big hook and there is nothing in the directions that tells you how to take links out . So I contacted Casio and they sent a link to some general directions but it did n't get the links out . So I paid a local jeweler $ 8 to adjust . Band tends to pull hair from wrist so if you have a hairy wrist , get the model without this kind of band . Now for the real negatives . It is harder to use than previous models that had raised buttons . You will probably find it necessary to use a pen or something to press keys . Bigger problem was that when I entered info into storage and pressed the appropriate button to store it the computer in the watch crashed . It went into `` sort '' and stayed there . No way to get it operating again no matter what I tried . No pin hole to reset the watch from a crash . So I called casio and they did n't even try to give me things to try to end the problem . Just mailed off the watch to their repair center in NJ . I 've been using their watches for at least 20 years and never had this kind of problem . Sorry I bought this model .
 I 've owned other watches in the Databank series since the late 80s , and this one is far and away the worst . It 's like they allowed a group of disgruntled sadistic geeks design the watch , translated the design specs into Swahili , and then gave it to a Japanese factory to build.Consider it a bad omen when the instruction guide is bigger than the watch.Other than the features some folks in this review perceive as missing , here 's some everyday problems this thing has :1 . The bluish tint for some regions of the display is unreadable in certain lighting conditions .2 . Hope you can remember multiple key sequences just to do something simple .3 . The watch often gets into undesirable situations -LRB- such getting locked into undesirable time zones -RRB- because of stray presses on the keypad .4 . Using the calculator is very difficult , as you need to repeatedly click the function buttons just to access the math operations . For example , to divide 4 by 2 you press the following buttons : -LSB- menu -RSB- -LSB- =] -LSB- 4 -RSB- -LSB- display -RSB- -LSB- display -RSB- -LSB- display -RSB- -LSB- display -RSB- -LSB- 2 -RSB- -LSB- = -RSB- In summary , I 'd consider giving this watch as a present to my worst enemy , or perhaps someone who I want to render insane .
 There used to be a simple Casio databank watch that let you keep phone numbers , tell the time , set alarms and time a footrace.Casio , however , seems to have `` advanced '' the product so much that I have found it unusable . I have spent more `` time '' from my life trying to set it correctly and use the functions than is worth the low price . Right now , it is two time zones off and beeps when I don ' want it to.Part of the problem is a `` manual , '' which like all of them in the electronics area , is too small to read and so thick it wo n't stay open on your lap or table . How about if instead of sending manuals in multiple languages , the order form asks which language you want .
 Wore this for 2-3 months and all the keys were completely without writing any more . Hard to see , hard to type , hard to use . Timex Ironman DataLink is the watch I recommend .
 My Casio Databank 150 Illuminator watch is 7 years old , and the metal band finally list a pin . Since the letters are all but worn away from the pad now , and the chrome is peeling , I decided it 's time to get a new one . But much to my disappointment , they do n't have this model available anymore , except in a resin band.Anyone who has owned a resin band will know that they are pure crap . I was buying a new watch or band on average everyyear before I got this metal band , and the metal one lasted seven years!Now I find that the only watches that have metal bands do n't do what I need anymore , and they cost significantly more than what I paid for the one I have . Even given the rise of price over time , that 's ridiculous . I 'm not going to buy this watch , which is the logical choice , because it does n't do what I need , and I may just go buy another company 's watch altogether . Bad , bad move , Casio .
 I 've been a fan of the Casio databank for years , particularly the previous iteration , which had a very intuitive interface , so that I could enter a phone number , locker combo , etc. in 30 seconds flat . Only problem was the chrome-colored case was plastic underneath , so it chips away and then nibbles at my shirt cuffs . This one has a metal case with rounded edges and promises a great deal , but the interface is all but unusable . Entering phone numbers is arduous and then they display in a totally unhelpful format . Even the calculator requires multiple keypresses to find the desired operation . As for the band , I 've always switched out to a Speidel asap . I 'm going back to the old style now , plastic case or not .
 I still have this watch and it functions fine . I think it is way to difficult to use , and is boring , ugly , and not fun to read the time on the screen .
 Its really Pathetic , i got the Watch Casio Databank Digital Calculator Mens Watch EDB610D-8C -LRB- Purchased on 11/23/2008 -RRB- in non Working condition . Now I moved to chile -LRB- +5691778692 -RRB- .
 When i saw the product on the internet , it seems to be very nice and attractive but when i got the product it was so disgusting that i decided to return it immediately . So i did it so . I hope the product as you see in the internet doesnot necessariely looks like the one you get . The price tag of this watch is not worth it .
 I ALWAYS LIKED CASIO WATCHES TIL I BOUGHT THIS CASIO 300 . NOTHING IS MENTIONED IN THE MANUAL OF HOW TO ADJUST THE METAL LINKS IN THE BAND . I ENDED UP BRINGING IT TO A JEWELER , TO HAVE 3 LINKS REMOVED FOR A COST OF $ 10.00 . THERE IS NO TELEPHONE # TO CALL CASIO.THERE IS NO WARRANTY STATED.NOW THE WATCH!I CAN NOT FIGURE OUT HOW TO SET THE ALARM , ON A DAILY BASIS.EVERY DAY I SET THE ALARM , I HAVE TO CHANGE THE DAY.THE BUTTONS ARE TO SMALL & THE ALARM SIGNAL IS NOT LOUD ENOUGH FOR ME . WHEN I RECEIVED THE WATCH , IT WAS IN A U. P. S. BOX , CRUSHED , AND DELIVERED BY U. S.P.S. MAIL . THE FACE ON THE WATCH HAS 2 SCRATCHES ALREADY ON IT.NEEDLESS TO SAY I CALLED THE COMPANY -LRB- BUZMART -RRB- AND THEY WERE QUITE UNSYMPETHTIC .
 I was in the market for a new calculator watch after my DBC-1500 started falling apart at the seams . I did n't end up buying this watch for 3 reasons . The first -LRB- and most commented on -RRB- is the lack of schedule feature . The second is that the date is no longer permanently displayed -LRB- a HUGE retrograde step in my opinion -RRB- and thirdly and most annoyingly , the numbers are upside-down . They have replicated the number layout of a push-button telephone , rather than a calculator . I ended up purchasing a brand-new , unopened DBC-1500 from a large , well-known auction site . Why change when it was already perfect ?
 I have been using Casio Databanks for as far as I can remember . My father got me my first Casio databank when I was probably 7 years old and I could never get away from them ... . Well , until now.I think the feature that the most of the Casio Databank users loved is the scheduler , setting reminders for birthdays , appointments , etc. . It is a must for me , remembers every important date related to every member or my direct and indirect family . Storing phones has been a must as well other information . Yes , PDA and there devices exist but the convenience of taking all of these information with you anywhere is a winner in my opinion.Well , besides the nice looking design , this Casio model is perhaps the worst that I have seen over the last 30 years that I have using these watches . I do n't know why , but they removed the scheduler , they also change the way to program and use the watch to the point that you need to keep the manual with you all the time . It is not longer intuitive and the screen has this dual layer text that is simply bad.Sadly I have decided to move away from them and if anyone has found a suitable replacement please let me know . I 'm researching the Timex Data Link and other watches , Casio does n't seem to have any plans to correct this problem in a future model .
 I am now looking for a new watch that will not be a Casio.Like many of the reviewers on this site I too had a couple of the older models of Casio Databank Watches . I was very happy with the phone number function , and the Schedule function -- both of those function are either gone or unusable . I loved the schedule function for reminders of events as much as a year ahead such as birthdays so I was upset to see that function gone.However an even larger disappointment was that the band broke off the watch twice ! I had to ship it back to Casio twice within the first year that I owned it ! After the second incident I called Casio and they told me I could pick out a comparable watch from their website and they would replace the watch . I mailed it to them and they sent me the same model again , and stated that they would not replace it anymore . After a couple of months some of the functions stopped working and I tossed the watch in the garbage -- where it belonged in the first place.I will not buy another Casio watch .
 This is terrible , nothing like the old databanks.And are they EVER going to put in a square root button ?
 Has a really cheap feel to it and the keyboard/functions are useless . Returned it .
 This watch does what it is supposed to do , but in such a fashion that it makes it unpleasant to use it . I am dropping it in favour of a Timex Data Link , after a week of use.I was looking for a watch to store my contacts and also schedules , especially birthdays and anniversaries which for me are completely impossible to remember . I used to have an earlier Casio Databank which neatly stored them for me and I decided to go for the better and more modern model , supposing Casio had improved what I once had.The Hardware
 Casio still does n't get it : -- Why have a gizmo that can store 300 memos without providing for data backup via a PC link ? -- Why do away with perhaps the most useful function -- schedule memos -- aside from telling time ? -- Why make people scroll through a list for a calculator math function ? They had this right in the older models , but are going backwards in terms of feature set!Definitely a waste of money .
 I have owned Casio Calculator watches for almost 25 years and this is the first one that has been a total disappointment . I have had it for less than 9 months and almost all the writing on the keys is gone . Also note that for some reason Casio has decided to invert the keypad which makes using it hard if you are used to a previous calculator watch . There are also no buttons for the math functions . You are forced to push one button to scroll through the functions . Pick another model if you are looking for a Casio Calculator watch .
 I 've been using Casio Databank watches since around 1989 and have loved them all along . I forego a stylish watch for the features.I always used the telephone bank to keep track of my phone numbers , and more importantly , I used the schedule memo to keep track of all of my family birthdays . The watch would let me know in advance , and then would beep -LRB- annually -RRB- when a birthday was up.Now , with my cell phone , I do n't need the telephone database any longer . They 're all in my phone . It 's faster and easier to pull it up on the phone and hit `` send . `` But the schedule memo is still why I wear the DBC-310 . So I was looking at these new models and saw that they were much more stylish . I could have my `` geek watch '' with a stylish look.Bought one.Found out later that they 'd dropped the schedule memo feature.It 's useless to me . If I want to tell time and have a stopwatch , I have a multitude of choices . I NEED my schedule memo.Guess I 'll buy another DBC-310 . Why would Casio drop this feature ?
 I have used a Casio Databank DB 150 for several years . I upgraded to this because it has more storage capacity . This watch is a great disappointment . The information is very poorly displayed . On the old watch , the name and phone nmuber were on the same screen . On this watch , you get to the name screen , and then have to push another button to see the number . The numbers do not display the way a phone number should . A phone number should display as xxx-xxx-xxxx . The DB 150 used this type of display . This watch displays the numbers like thisxx xx xxxx xx xxIf the phone number is 123-234-5678 it would display it like this12 32345678 I ca n't believe that they really designed it like this . This watch is not functional to me . I would not recommend this watch to anyone looking to store phone numbers
 I have been a user of CASIO wrist calculators for over 10 years.Normally I am very impressed with the CASIO products and would be willing to pay way more than the prices asked for.But on this model I found two major weaknesses .1
 Nice watch , easy to read and store info . Keys have a good feel , rubber like.There are two layers of LCD , the bottom one -LRB- which most screens use -RRB- is easier to read and large . Standard input using the keypad for letters . Phone numbers formatted a little strange.After owning it a year , ALL of the keys are now completely blank.I guess my sleeve rubbed off the printing on the soft rubber keys . I will have to send the watch in for warranty repair I hope ...
 I have owned three Casio Data Bank watches prior to the latest one . I found them to be adequate for my needs . That was not the case with this model . It proved to be much more complex , less functional and devoid of a ledgeable owners manual and instructions . The instruction manual is3-1 / 2 `` X2-1 / 4 '' with print so small you would need a microscope to read . I immediately called the Casio Customer Service number to request a manual I could read . The service respresentative was very courteous and said she would get a manual in the mail . I am still waiting on it , and still unable to program the watch . My advice would be to stay away from it .
 I have had Casio data-bank watches for years and have been very pleased with them so I bought one of these when my last one gave out . Should have stayed with the old model -LRB- DBC-150 -RRB- but I really liked the looks of this one as well as the SS band.BIG MISTAKE!Still looks good but the manual is almost incomprehensible ; seems like it was written by somebody with a limited command of English but knew his/her subject well . A MAJOR fault is that the watch is so complex that it really requires the manual take you step-by-step through every mode that you want to access . It does not do this ; there are so many gaps in each of the processes that the average person has difficulty following the logic . A particular button 's function depends on the mode you 're in and , if you inadvertently press the wrong one , you may screw up what you 're trying to do.I worked as an engineer for 40 years and am well versed in following most people 's train of thought . This manual needs a COMPLETE rewrite ! Also would n't hurt to reduce the complexity of the watch to the level of the older models . In fact , if Casio were to offer one like the DBC-150 with this one 's steel case , stainless steel band with an over-center clasp , I buy it in a heart beat !
 I have been wearing Casio Databank watches for nearly 30 years and I have loved every watch I 've ever owned -- and I 've owned several because I wear them roughly and constantly rip off the band and damage the area where the pins attach the watch unit itself . Recently I did that again and discovered this new style databank and thought I would give it a try.I hate it !! It is not convenient to use with all the little icons . It is difficult to program ; and the numbers on the calculator are backwards with no clearly marked + , = , x , or division signs.As I write this I am preparing to use Super Glue to repair my old watch and purchasing a wide leather band with snaps to ease the wear and tear on my beloved old-style databank.This is supposed to be progress ? New certainly is n't better .
 I bought this because I was impressed by the large number -LRB- 350 -RRB- of data pages available . However , the watch 's quality is astoundingly poor for a Japanese product . It 's made of obviously inferior materials , scratches easily , and the numbers on the pads wear off very quickly from normal use . I 've had it for only a few months , and almost half the pads are illegible now . Also , the data pages display phone numbers strangely , unlike all the other Data Banks I 've had.I 've used Casio watches exclusively for decades and this is the first that has been a major disappointment . I should have paid more attention to the reviews here.Casio needs to learn that it should n't abuse the loyalty of old customers like me by cutting corners and putting out shoddy products like this one .
 One of the attractions Casio touts about this watch is its illuminated face.The illumination of this watch , unlike earlier versions , is so dim as to render it virtually useless .
 Bought this watch to replace another Casio of higher value that broke . Did buy the cheaper one since I do not use all the Telememo and Phone functions in the replaced one . Watch major drawback is the night light illumination . It is very faint and illuminates only from the left side of the dial making reading of the minutes very difficult ... would not recommend for this shortfall .
 I got this item by ups and it was cracked internally . The product is most definately going back !
 the crystal scratches very easily ... not a good watch if you ca n't read the display ! I tried to clean it but no good .
 About 5 months after I received the watch , the part of the case that holds the band in place broke . I 've always liked the features of Casio 's watches , but this is the second one with this problem in a year.The watch is so cheap it 's probably not worth the trouble to try to have it repaired or replace -- besides , the warranty excludes rough handling and I think Casio would use that as a dodge to avoid replacing the watch . Caveat emptor on Casio plastic watches
 The watch lasted 2 weeks . Casio wants me to pay to ship back a 2 week old watch . The watch is junk and Casio has poor customer support . Look elsewhere .
 It loses 5 minutes a month -- unheard of for a `` digital '' watch !!! Tons of `` special '' features -- but all are displayed too small for ANYONE to see!The manual is about 200 tiny pages -- with even smaller print . You have to study it for at least an hour , just to set the time!GARBAGE do n't buy !
 I bought two of these watches and are going to return . First of all the instruction book was micro fine and I had to have greatly enlaged to view . Secondly I 've yet to enter the basic time/date functions in either . The buttom system , etc. , etc. is crazy . The light is next to worthless -LRB- whereas my older Casio was great and simple to program -RRB- . I would NOT recommend this unit to anyone ...
 I am very dissaponted . The Photo doesnt show the very ugly velcro wrist band going the entire length of the longer band . Its a waste of money .
 Watch is really nice as seen in the enlarged Amazon product photo.The wrist band shows black velcro on bottom end of watch 's face so it does not look that good , but I just got a brown leather wristband for about six bux at Wmt and it looks really great.The functions are a bit complicated at the start , but it 's really easy once you 've tried it a couple of times.Highly Recommended ! UPDATE
 This watch is very thin and light , and about what you would expect for the price . The illuminator function is weak at best . It turns of automatically after just a second and holdnig down the button does nothing . All that would be acceptable if the company 's claims of a ten year battery were true . My battery lasted about three months before dying in the middle of the night . I took the watch to have the battery replaced and was told that not only did they not carry the battery , but they were not allowed to open the back of the watch and would have to send it back to the manufacturer . All in all a disappointing experience .
 I own 15 watches , digital and analog . This has the most complicated sequences to set and change time/date / etc on any watch I have ever used .
 the mineral window schatches quicker and more easily than any plastic windows i 've ever owned . is it mineral or plastic . tell me
 I almost wanted to buy one for myself but this watch although stylish isnt durable at all and all thats left now is the watch with no band . the nylon is tough but the leather that connects directly to the watch wasnt strong at all and came a part from the watch very soon after the gift was given . the indiglo on it was nice but thewatch heldup poorly
 Nice looking watch , but ... Setting the analog and digital time is hard and confusingso far , the analog time has gained 2 minutesnot recommended
 i was looking for a watch that gave me a clear reading of the day/date/time , regardless of the light . i was also interested in the timer function -LRB- useful for things i do at work in the laboratory -RRB- . while it 's not a bad looking watch , and is light and comfortable for my small wrist -LRB- thus 2 stars and not 1 -RRB- , functionally it has some design flaws.the biggest issue i have is that the minute/hour hands will interfere with your ability to see the digital display . this happens for about 15-20 minutes of every hour -LRB- imagine the minute hand in front of the LCD -RRB- . then there 's the whole 5 o'clock to 7 o'clock period when the hour hand is constantly in front of the LCD . a big problem if you 're interested in the information presented on the LCD -LRB- i.e. , everything but the time -RRB- . i think i saw this mentioned in other reviews , but the light is pretty weak . it 's certainly no indiglo . if you want a watch that you can read in the dark , opt for an indiglo watch.other issues include
 This watch is perfectly functional but for one major flaw - the light . This is not an `` indiglo '' style light up watch , rather it has a small light that shines from the side , which I found completely inadequate .
 I purchased this watch in September of 2009 . Nine months later the plastic casing broke , making the velcro strap lose its point of connection . I 'm not engaged in the kind of activity that it tough on a watch , so the breakage appears to me to be a problem with the material used in its construction .
 Looks less attractive after you 've received it than in the picture , feels cheapouter dial distorts viewing the watch face , hands and numbers also .
 With so many buttons and &#34; modes , &#34; I still have n't figured out how to set the time on the damn thing .
 II bought the product twice but unfortunately is very weak , not shockproof . actually very good price but not recominedo for hard work .
 only lasted 3 mths ... at first thought the batt had gone dead however upon replacement same issue of no movement on either hands re-occurred .
 I really liked this watch at first . Did n't like that did n't have a back light for night time but I could live with that . Now that I have had this watch for about 4 month 's it no longer keeping the correct time . It has started to lose 10-15 minutes a day . I know its not an expensive watch but I do n't feel its worth sending back to Casio and paying the shipping for a warranty repair . I now have to buy another watch .
 Pros
 Within 3 months of use , this watch has stopped keeping time properly and is now so bad , that within a couple of hours , it can be 30 minutes or more late ...
 The watch 's band is so stiff that it keeps sliding around to the side of my wrist and I have to struggle to get the watch face back so I can read it . If I tighten the band so it wo n't twist it is too uncomfortable . The watch itself is attractive but I was unable to set the small hands because I could n't feel the double click on the winder stem as described in the instructions . All in all I just gave up and after a few days went back to my trusty Timex .
 I want to buy another one ; but the oldie I got the wrist band is broke -LRB- plastic -RRB- I tried to replace it but the cost was around $ 40.00 so I want to buy a new one.The little black dials doesnt work pretty much but i want just because it seems like good watch.enjoy !
 The product has only been used four times and stopped working and I have no way of complaining to the dealer to tell me where and how I replaced , additionally I sent the invoice in physical , contact me to see how I reset the product . ...
 While it 's a smart looking watch , the functionality is poor . The date dial is extremely difficult to read and can only be set by rotating hour hands 720 degrees to advance the date by a single day ! The other two smaller dials are essentially useless . With no lighting , you must depend on the faintly luminous hour and minute hands in the dark.A month after receiving the watch , I threw the box and directions away -LRB- necessary for a return -RRB- and the watch began to start and stop sporadically . I 'd just throw it away , but I 've got to figure out how to easily dispose of the mercury battery .
 OK , I bought the watch from Amazon figuring it was only $ 25 and that it looked pretty decent . I probably wo n't return it because ... it was only $ 25 and that 's not really worth the effort of returning . But after a couple of days of wearing it , I 've set it aside and wo n't wear it again.Here 's why :1 -RRB- It 's fat ! Really really thick . Looks a little ridiculous . Feels heavy and out of place on my wrist2 -RRB- It 's way too complicated . Try to set it without the manual ? Impossible . And why in the world do you have to set the hands separately from the digital display ? That seems ridiculous to me , like there 's a good reason to have the analog and digital displays show different time for most users ? Lazy design .3 -RRB- I 'm not going to use most of the features , especially as they 'd require me to carry the manual around with me.Now I know . For me , a watch needs to be thin , elegant , and simple . This is the opposite
 This is a fine watch except for the band . I 've had mine for about a year . The cheap resin band is cracked where it passes through the buckle and is about break at the slightest strain . I went to Wal-Mart -LRB- where I bought it -RRB- to buy a band . None of the available bands would work due to the odd configuration of the watch body . I called Casio and learned that their proprietary bands are not available in retail stores and that I would have to order it from Casio - almost 22 dollars , including shipping . I 'm left to wonder if this is a deliberate ripoff strategy or poor product design .
 i like many of you dont like a watch thats all plastic . and amazon needs to come up with better filtered search results . i searched through almost five thousand watches to find one that had an all metal stainless steel case . this one looked nice and what attracted me to it was the fancy extra dials . i wanted a watch that looked like it was expensive . a watch for dress occasions . the watch does not have a light to see it in the dark . which i believe it should have , the smaller dials are extremely hard to read , you almost need a magnifying glass to read them .5 stars for the fact that its all metal . 2 stars for the fact that it badly needs a light and the smaller dials are hard to see.overall , its a good analogue watch to have . and its metal , not resin plastic that the majority of watches are made of .
 The watch is much nicer in your person than what the picture does it justice . It has a real nice , heavy , and sturdy feel to it , that makes it look much more pricier than $ 30.00 . The dials are hard to read , but you get used to them after I while . I only owned the watch for a little less than a month . The gripe that I have with it is that I 'm a guy that needs to wear a watch all day everyday , and I do n't want to take off my watch when I go swimming . I took my toddler to the pool three times , did n't even dive into the 5ft deep end , and the watch collected humidity and water inside . Not really 100m water resistance if you ask me . For the price , I considered exchanging for a new one , but as I said , I need to wear a watch all day every day . So , I forked down $ 100.00 instead for a less attractive , but practical , Casio watch that had a screw down crown that appeared to be better built based on reviews on Amazon UK . If you plan on just using this watch for every day activities and do n't plan on wearing in the water , I would give it 4 stars , not 5 because of the difficulty to adjusting to reading the dials . If I would have kept a replacement knowing that I could n't wear it in water , I would give it 3 stars because it is so attractive for the price . Seeing it in person and appreciating how nice of a watch it is , but having it breakdown on me with the 100m supposed water resistance , and having to return it via UPS , I give it 2 stars .
 iT IS SO BAD ... IT ONLY TOOK ME 12 SECONDS TO PUT IT BACK IN THE BOX AND RETURN IT . A $ 25 TIMEX IS SO MUCH BETTER THAN THIS . IT 'S NOT EVEN A GOOD FAKE .
 if for kids , then it would be ok , but for girl friend , then u 'd better looking for sth else
 I got this watch for my mother , who wanted a watch with a daily alarm to remind her to take her medication . The only problem is that the alarm is so quiet that it can not be heard unless you put the watch to your ear at the time it is set for . An alarm watch with an inaudible alarm !
 This watch does not have an adjustable band and Casio indicates that they can not provide instructions for DIY to shorten . Apparently , it needs to be done by a jeweler with special tools . DO NOT BUY THIS WATCH UNLESS YOU ARE A VERY LARGE WOMAN -- OR A GUY . It fits my forearm nicely and I can slide it over my hand . It 's unlikely that 's what you 're looking for .
 I bought this watch and worked through the instructions on how to set all the wonderful features . It was a bit complex but doable.Then I tried to put it on and of course it was too big . The clasp was a bit weird but I figured that out . Then I tried to shorten the band by sliding the clasp up an inch or so . There were no instructions for how to do it . I even emailed Casio and asked but then I tried to do it myself . After an hour of fussing
 The buttons stick out way to far . It is not radio controlled . the band is poorly made and looks it . It was listed with the radio controlled watches and is NOT .
 This is a very functional watch . The instant countdown timer on the watch can be set by just pressing a button on the watch . For 1 min , press once , 5 min press twice , etc etc. . There is not many watch on the market with this type of function . The instant countdown timer is quick and handy which you can set while in motion - for example when jogging or walking , you can activate the instant timer and do not have to stop to set the timer . This feature is the only reason I 've purchased this watch . The watch itself is very plain looking , and in the past I 've owned 5 of these watches over the past 15 years . This is the first one I 've purchased with a metal band . One thing though , the metal watch band is ridiculously long . My wrist is an average size . The metal watch band is not one which can be easily shorten by yourself . Moving the catch on one side of the band can easily shorten one side of the watch band , but to shorten the other side by trying to remove the metal link is puzzling . I 've emailed Casio tech support for instruction but the instruction they emailed back to me seem to apply to other different type of watch bands which was not helpful . Because the metal link on the watch band can not be easily remove like other watch bands , I give them 4 stars rating instead of 5 stars . It 'll be a trip for me to a watch shop and then I have to spend $ 10 to $ 15 to shorten the watch band . The watch itself is a very good simple watch . I just wished it came with instruction on shortening the watch band and wished it had a built in light within it.Oct 15 2010 UPDATE : Update
 I do not like the watch , the instructions are confusing It is not useful to me I am sorry that I chose it . . jane Daniels
 I purchased this watch for my daughter . Not only is it very difficult to set it is difficult to put on without help . a Christmas gift that did not work out !!!
 I bought this watch because the other reviewers were so happy with the timer . I can barely hear the timer - it is way too soft . I will try to exchange it to see if another is better , but I 'm very disappointed .
 I bought this for my wife , for something beatable to wear when horse riding , and after two years the band disintegrated . It literally cracked and broke in half . Inspection revealed several more cracks , and , sure enough , a gentle tug on the band broke it in a second place . This was n't a breakage caused by one mishap - it was a total materials failure caused by poor quality manufacturing.As others have reported , this watch got scratched up , but so what ? A `` sports '' watch is going to get rough treatment , and I 'd rather have a scratched plastic lens than a broken glass lens . The band , on the other hand , needs to just work.Now , most Casio watches have available replacement bands , but * not * this one . A typical replacement band is in the price range of $ 10 - $ 20 , which is the price of this whole watch * with * band , which is probably why they do n't bother selling just the band . Fair enough . But since that 's the case , the band must be designed to last more than two years.The only reason I can conceive for the band breaking down so badly in so short a time is from salty sweat corrosion , and a `` sports '' watch should be able to withstand salty sweat . Hence the one-star rating
 It does not matter whether the watch is new or used , but it does matter to me whether the battery works or not . I 've not had the watch for long , so I am unhappy that after so short a time , the battery no longer works -- otherwise , I 'd give it a 10/10 .
 I bought this watch 20 days ago . Consider these issues before the purchase . This watch is good for small wriste 'd people like myself case diameter 34.6 mm . Considering the 10 year battery life , people buy it to last 10yrs , but the case material is made of resin and it gets scratched easily . I already have some deep scratches and paint has worn off in 20 days . The strap is also resin and so you would need to air your hand where the strap lays daily . There is no count-down timer . I guess for a 5 bucks extra u might get a watch with a stainless steel case . Not a good watch for a long term purchase . That said the time , date and seconds are clearly visible , and it is very easy to setup and start using the watch .
 since it does n't have the countdown timer , it 's not really worth it . I returned this one and got another with the timer .
 I did not like it at all . . Feels very cheap and look like it wont last the 10 years .
 I 've had this watch a little over a year . It works fine as an everyday watch , but it has some drawbacks as a sports watch.The numbers for the seconds are small and below the hour and minutes and they are hard to read , especially at night . The stopwatch is setup the same way . So if you are concerned about seconds or sub-seconds -LRB- which are located at the top of the watch face -RRB- , the numbers are placed in a funny position on the face and they are hard to read at night.I bumped the side of the watch and it broke one of the tabs that hold the band to the watch . I was surprised that this part of the watch was so delicate . So now my 10 year watch is essentially a pocketwatch , because the broken tab can not be repaired .
 So small it looks like a very small child 's watch . Very tiny wrist band ... . My own fault . I should have read the description a little better and took out a measuring tape to see what the actual size would be .
 The face of the watch was very dark and difficult to read . It does not have any illumination . The band was very uncomfortable .
 The watch arrived incredibly fast and looked exactly like the picture - not fancy but good utilitarian watch . Unfortuantely , the battery was n't working so I had to return the watch . Very disappointing .
 The worst watch I 've ever owned . It is so cheap !! You could get a better deal at the Dollar Store . DO NOT buy this watch !!
 Shape is good . I left it in the box as a Christmas gift for my wife . After less than one week , the battery is dead . So I have to buy a new battery for it now . IT IS REALLY ANNOYING . The worst experience in Amazon ever !
 I was very disappointed with this watch I had no idea . How small it , it was supposed to have been a ladies watch but instead it was so small only a child coulld fit it so I had to give to my grandchiild ... Not at all happy
 I had to return this watch . It was way to small . I think my mistake was that I went by the picture.The material is really cheap . Probably is good for a toddler . It is way too small .
 I purchase many products from amazon and am always happy with what I buy as in the products are exactly or very close to the description . However , I am sorely disappointed in the quality of this watch . Even for the cost of under $ 10 I feel it is overpriced . I was looking for a decent inexpensive watch for daily wear . I will probably give this to my 7 yr old grand daughter . It looks very cheap and I will be surprised if he band last long at all . I believe Casio is a good manufacturer but this must be the bottom of their line . I would return it but got it for prime shipping and truthfully dont want to spend more money to return it . If your looking for a daily wear watch I would suggesting spending a bit more up front or you will get what you paid for with this particular watch .
 I received this watch and noticed that it is not working . I have to replace the battery to make it work
 SHOULD HAVE READ THE REVIEWS BEFORE BUYING . THE WATCH FACE IS THE SIZE OF A DIME . TOO SMALL , TOO DARK AND EXTREMELY DIFFICULT TO READ . I 'D RETURN IT BUT AFTER PAYING FOR RETURN SHIPPING AND THE FIVE DOLLARS THEY WILL ASSESS ME FOR RETURNING IT THE WATCH WILL COST ME TEN DOLLARS AND NO WATCH . BAD DEAL .
 its not worth for dollars we are spending , very lite weight watch not that much good appearence . by seeing picture i bought this watch but after shipping i feel waste of money . very very cheap quality
 I wanted this watch because I wanted a slim , all black watch that would bit a small wrist . It is that , but the battery died in about two weeks ... given that batteries cost as much as this watch - it 's a wash .
 This is a cheap watch so I did not expect too much ; however , this is the first `` water resistant '' watch that could not handle the shower ! ... it is very light weight so I forgot to take it off before getting in the shower and after the third time that happened , the watch stopped working ... not even worth the cheap price !
 Its exactly a cheap watch , will do just that and as any casio durable . Dont expect anything more from it and it works .
 The strap is so tiny . . jeez . . i dont even know why i expected it to be reasonably ok ... i had to give out out to smeone immediately i saw it . . i hate it
 I ordered this watch from Africa and had it come out with my children from Amercia who came for a visit . Was so disappointing to find that it does n't even work . It is cute and what I wanted but who wants to wear a watch that does n't work and I ca n't return it from here !
 The Casio watch worked great until the the battery went dead within 3 months of purchasing it . This is the second time I have bought a Casio watch through Amazon only to have the batteries die within a year -LRB- with the cheap watches it is usually not worth the money to replace the battery -RRB- . The batteries in the Casio watches I buy from the brick and mortar discount stores last years as opposed to months . I will not buy another watch through Amazon.The seller was contacted about the short life of the batteries but they did not respond .
 Do not buy this watch ! Mine arrived not even working . It is way too small to read , and the watch band is also too small for an average woman 's wrist ! Do not buy . It will cost me nearly as much as I paid for it to return it as well , plus the time and trouble !
 It simply does not works . Maybe battery is dead , or watch initially defective , but it does not works . Considering it 's price , it does not worth to deal with return and so on.Also it 's very shame that you ca n't give negative feedback on seller , because this watch is being sold by amazon itself.Shame on you , amazon !
 I received this watch Casio Women 's LQ139D-9B1 along with another watch which works fine . THIS Watch HAS NOT WORKED since I took it out of box !! I tried to find out about RETURNING it But They keep telling me to PRINT OUT a Shipping Label . For some reason I am NOT . . able TO print out a label . I do n't seewhy they do n't offer an Address I can return it to . It is very frustrating and makes me wonder if I want to continue to buy anthing else from Amazon.com .
 Since a new battery , if that 's what the problem is , costs just about as much as the watch did , I decided it was n't worth pursuing . Very disappointing .
 It didnt work right out from the box . I had to spend few dollars to replace its battery at the jewllers . Now it seem to work OK
 This watch was recieved in great condition . It is a nice watch for the money . My only complaint is that i bought it for myself -LRB- an over-weight adult -RRB- and the band is a bit tight to the point it will shut off my circulation . I would suggest it as a great buy for those of small bone structure a younger person .
 I purchased this watch and I loved it . However , within 2 months of use -LRB- not in the shower -RRB- The band faded to a really ugly blue and gray color . I tried to replace the band and still can not find the replacement . The watch works great though and I am still looking for a band . If anyone has any suggestion , let me know
 I can not get this watch to keep the same time as any of my other time telling devices . Not my computer , cell phone , other clocks and watches or my satellite radio.On the up side . It is easy to read even though very small . This is due to the white face with black numbers .
 I purchased this watch so I can wear to work . I am a cashier so I use my hands a lot so I did n't want anything to expensive or too flashy to wear at work , just something that would tell time . This watch came in and it did n't fit . I never thought I had huge wrist but it would n't go around even to the first hole . The watch band is also plastic knowing that i still ordered since you ca n't really tell on the picture . When I received it the watch just look like a kids toy to me I could n't imagine it lasting that long . It just was n't for me . The reason for the 2 stars the shipping was very prompt .
 The watch is attractive and seems like a good deal . Unfortunately , Amazon shipped it with a dead battery . Be warned - you may have to go and buy a new battery for it !
 I bought 3 Casio watches from Amazon within last 2 months , all 3 had dead batteries within 2 days or less , try Timex !
 Came nonfunctional . That 's about all I got on this . I did n't even go through the hassle of getting a replacement .
 very bad . I can not use it , no battery inside . I t 's not worth the price I spent for something I could not wear .
 Did not work upon arrival . I bought a new battery and the watch worked for about a week .
 Ordered one of these watches , arrived not functioning . Sent for a replacement , and the replacement was also not functional . Amazon says the batch may have been defective , so be careful about this watch until they replace their inventory .
 I 'm used to buying a watch that is working upon receipt . Not with this watch , apparently . Granted , very inexpensive watch , but every watch I 've ever purchased is working when I get it . Not worth the hassle of sending it back guess I 'll go buy a battery and see if it works . Arrived stuffed into a box with instructions in every conceivable language that were barely readable . Not happy .
 Much smaller than portrayed in picture , wrist band is very short and band seems fragile . I have a small wrist and watch band just fits .
 This item is ok on arrival . Items are well packaged and neatly boxed . But the advert looks misleading . It looks big in the ads than in reality.Regret buying it . Never enjoyed it but will return it for obvious reason .
 For the price its an OK watch . I wish the band was better ... its kinda of cheap . I would n't give it as a gift but for me to wear to work its fine
 Cheap , but arrived with a dead battery and as I was leaving the country and the next day did not return to Amazon . Did stop by a JC Penney and get a new battery for 10.00 , doubling the price of the watch.Cheap but not cheerful .
 Truly a `` timeless '' product as it does not work . Ordered 2 more and non of them came working . Dead batteries ?
 I should have read the review . It also came with dead battery . I like the watch but resent the need to buy a new battery .
 The sales person was grteat , they shipped on time BUT TH EITEM IS NOT LONGER USABLE ... the battery died !! and i have it for a month !!!!!!
 As a timekeeping device , I have no issues with this watch , but for something a human being is supposed to affix to their body , I have a problem . I have n't figured out why yet , but the band is so intolerably itchy , I literally ca n't wear the watch . It 's definitely in the clasp area , but I ca n't find any burrs or flash on it that might rub . I 'm not particularly sensitive to rubber , et c. , so I 'm guessing it 's catching and pulling out minute hairs . As a new band would cost at least as much as the watch , it 's essentially a write-off . Crumbs .
 This watch is made for little kids . Its very cheap looking . The straps are a joke . No matter how cheap it is , do not spend money on it . You will regret it when you see it .
 Very Cheap . Shipping was almost same as product . Looks like an item you can purchase at any dollar store !
 I bought this watch in October 2008 and it died less that a year later . All I wanted was to check the time , but I do n't need a watch that dies unexpectedly .
 We liked everything about this ... but the strap . The last notch fit him but there was no way to secure the strap .5 stars for Amazons return policy .
 I received this watch in August 25 , and it was dead today -LRB- 32 days ! -RRB- , and I shortly found that the return window was closed right before today . How unlucky I am !
 The watch you will receive is either not what is shown or they gave me the wrong watch . In the middle of the time display is a silver disk like circle that shines the sun light right in your eyes making the hands near impossible to read . It actually hurts . Plus , the cardboard box it comes in does n't tell you what `` Rank '' your watch is so you do not know how much , if at all , it 's water resistance actually is . Plus , the band , though soft , really makes your wrist sweat . NOT what is advertised . Please pay attention to the fact that companies put in false positives to make you think more people like the product on amazon . Pay attention to the detail given in comments Not how many comments there are in a given area.Thank you .
 This watch is so small ! Also , I tried to buy a larger watch band from a local store that fits `` all Casio watches '' and it would not even fit . Would not recommend this AT ALL !
 cover is plastic - > easily scratches - > not a good productyou get what you pay for
 It was small light . . feels like a piece of plastic ... very unhappy about it ... looked cool online but its not i knew it was going to be fake but wow its like a feather ...
 Wanted simple watch that i could set , put on , & look to see what time it is . This was * almost * that perfect watch . ALMOST!Apparently , one must UNSCREW THE CROWN in order to set the time , and so far this has been impossible . A tiny crown unfit for human fingers . -LRB- Can someone suggest a * tool * that might work ? -RRB- There should be an Amazon caveat in the description of this Casio . I fear disabling the setting stem entirely , so I have given up , put it on , and now must SUBTRACT two hours to determine the time . Later , i 'll have to subtract only * one * hour . Golly ! Even for twelve bux , one should get more than this . I 'll have to find another , thus this was money wasted . One star hardly expresses my disappointment.Note
 I bought this watch at the end of July , wore it once so it 's received no abuse , now it 's dead . No doubt the battery is dead . Even at such a low price I expect a battery operated watch to last a few years so now it 's junk.My guess is the watch has been running on the shelf for years as it came running -LRB- without the little piece on the stem that keeps it stopped -RRB- .
 this watch stopped working within a few weeks of me buying it ! It could just be the battery , but a new battery would cost more than the watch itself . the watch looks decent , but face scratches very easily
 I purchased this watch in Feb. 2008 . After I received it , I put it away because my current Seiko was still working great and has been for over 20 years . Recently I took this watch out of its display box and put it on . Almost instantly within the first 24 hours , I noticed it was running fast by about 2 minutes in that 24 hours . This problem has continued and since it is now way beyond the very limited 30 day refund policy of Amazon , I am stuck with as I said earlier '' Just a piece of worthless junk '' This is probably the fastest that I have just thrown away about $ 100 for a purchase from Amazon . Never again . Any future purchases from Amazon , if there is any , will be examined closely within the 30 day period and determined if it is the quality I expect from a company like Seiko and Amazon .
 Seiko 5 Men 's Sports Automatic Watch with Gold Tone Model SNK036K Purchased this watch on Feb. 23 , 2008 . Very disappointed with this Seiko watch . Does not keep correct time . Runs fast and did not realize it right away within the 30 return policy from Amazon . If I could return it now and get a complete refund , I would do it now . I had my previous Seiko for over 20 years with a single problem and it kept absolute perfect time . Will very likely not purchase another item from Amazon with such a short return time policy .
 I ordered this item twice . The item is not as pictured . The first time I thought it was just a mistake . i called and was told to reorder it . I did , and was disappointed to receive the wrong item again .
 The watch is nice and works fine , but the rubber band turned a dark brown within 3 months of purchase , had to buy a new leather band -- no reason to buy this watch
 The watch I got was good but , there was one thing about it that I did n't like , the strap on the watch -LRB- the one that keeps the watch on your wrist -RRB- is VERY fat this watch would get 5 stars by me if it had a thinner strap .
 My wife purchased for me a Prague watch similar to this one . Over the course of a year , it has worked for less than a month . We took it to a reputable jeweler , and he wondered how it ever worked at all . The movements are cheap Chinese knock-off movements . Save your money . Buy a real watch , not something from Prague .
 Big mistake did n't no it was made a long time ago . Did n't no it was being shipped from outside the U.S.
 This watch looks kind o cheap and I did not see the quality of Victorinox in it , it was for a present and I ended up giving it to someone else . Purchased a Wenger a couple of days latter for less and it looks and feels better than this one .
 I just bought this watch elsewhere -LRB- from REI -RRB- , and this one is NOT like the one that I bought . The dial numbers are different colors , as well as the hands and the dial face . I just wonder if this watch is authentic , because the one that I bought is very , very nice , and quite beautiful , which does n't match the impression of the previous reviewer . This one looks a good deal cheaper -LRB- and it DOES cost significantly less than the recommended $ 350 that this watch usually sells for -RRB- . Just thought I 'd let potential buyers know .
 Looks nice but does n't keep up time . I returned to seller , he sent me another one that had the same problem . Finally I got my money back . This is not the quality you expect from a Swiss watch .
 Over 1 month and still have n't received it . When things go wrong with Amazon they REALLY go wrong !
 CASIO MARINE GEAR EDIFICE WATCH W / METAL BAND BLACK MRP700D-1APROS
 Size maters.I wish the add would specify the length of the band.Thanks
 Seems that not only Chinese companies playing tricks with customers.Rated 30 meters , military watch made by a Swiss company.But ! you ca n't go swim with it.This is a very bad joke.Not mentioning the size and look.This is a Kids toy !!!
 A super value in a tritium watch.Its smaller face and short watchband makes me think this was designed more for a woman , although Traser lists it under their Military category , with a guy on the webpage that the watch is featured.I purchased this Traser after my Luminox watch was stolen and really like it . The tritium tubes make for easy viewing at night and this watch is great for travelers needing the time on darkened planes or theatre goers . If Traser ever makes a larger version of this watch , they would sell tons of them . This is probably the best value in a tritium watch out there!Amazon is great.UPDATE May 30 , 2012My watch has been fogging , so moisture has gotten in . I have not used the watch while swimming , nor have I taken a shower with it on . The back plate of the watch is held down by four screws , so the seal may not be that great . I took the back plate off and placed the watch in a zip lock bag of desiccant pouches for a few days and just reassembled the watch . Hopefully , that may have removed the moisture in there . We will see.UPDATE November 8 , 2012Watch died . I figured the battery expired so I put a new battery in the watch but it still does n't work . The watch is less that a year and half old .
 Not at all satisfied with this product . I had wanted a Hamilton watch for years and was dissapointed . The watch band was too short and rough . The syle was not attractive either .
 I was very disappointed with this product , and this seller . I bought this watch as a gift for my Mother -LRB- she needs a simple , easy to read watch -RRB- . After she had worn this watch for 2 months , it stopped working . At first we suspected a bad battery , but after she did n't wear it for a few days , it started working again . And then with a little shake , the watch will stop working again ... so obviously something inside is loose . Regardless of it being a bad battery or some loose connection inside the watch , it should n't be doing this within a few months of average wear.So after reading the information that came with the watch , my understanding is that I am to mail this watch to Timex -LRB- at my expense -RRB- ; and then include a check for $ 8.50 made payable to Timex , so they can pay to mail it back to me . The watch was only $ 22 ... so I 'm supposed to pay another $ 12 - $ 14 total to get the thing working the way it should have in the first place ? Being annoyed with this situation , I emailed the seller and all they did was tell me that I was correct ... that I had to return this watch to Timex and send the check along for the return of the watch.Now I realize this was a very inexpensive watch ; but I expected more than 2 months of average use by a middle-aged woman for the $ 22 ; and I expected a more serious warranty from Timex ; and much better attitude and effort to make the situation right by the Amazon vendor -LRB- Chelsea Watch -RRB- . Therefore , I will NEVER buy another Timex product and most certainly NEVER buy another product from Chelsea Watch .
 I may have gotten a lemon , but I 've had problems with the solar feature . In typical day to day use -LRB- I work in an office setting -RRB- the watch would eventually run out of power , usually 3 or 4 days after the last prolonged outdoor exposure . Rather than entering the powersave mode , which I made sure was activated , the analog hands would keep moving , but the digital memory would reset to midnight , Jan 1 , 2000 . Very frustrating as I 'd have to reset it from scratch . Was bad enough that I had to buy a new watch . At least it was cheap .
 Very , very disappointed with the seller . The product arrived before the actual arrival date , however , the condition of the box was bad , it was old and broken ! . The watch looks used but I paid for a new one.JT
 The first thing I noticed about this watch was that the `` men 's standard '' band length would not even make it all the way around my wrist . I am not a large man . It may be suitable for a child .
 I emailed Amazon about the condition of the watch because I read the reviews about the quality and said that the chain was different than the picture . Guess what , this is REFURBISHED item ! However , the seller shows no effort to indicate this anywhere!Buyers Beware ! Here 's part of the email I got from Amazon Fullfillment center . `` Some items offered on our website by third-party sellers -LRB- Amazon Merchants -RRB- are labeled `` Fulfilled by Amazon . '' These items are shipped to you directly from an Amazon.com fulfillment center , and we take full responsibility for their safe and timely arrival.The item `` Seiko Men 's Watch #SGEA 41 '' is a refurbished but in good quality condition . This item has a manufacturer warranty . Also If you find any defect in the watch with in 30 days after you received it , you may return the item back to us for a full refund . ''
 Hard to read . Electro-luminescent with afterglow barely lights up . Cheap feel to watch . I ended up returning .
 Typical Chinese style product . Great price and terrible quality . The digital display might as well not exist because its too dark to read at any point . You can sorta read it when you press the light button but even then you have to squint . Band is cheap as well . Do n't waste your money or your time .
 I ordered the watch from Amazon , there was nothing on the listing about the watch being shipped from Asia . And now , due to a defect in the item and no fault of my own , I must pay the out of pocket expense to ship the defective watch back to Asia.The watch was defective on arrival . Despite being worn all day on the wrist , it would still die at random times . Only a firm shake would get it going again . I have several automatics as well as hand-wind watches and this is the first time I 've had a problem with a mechanical watch . I am sure this is an anomaly given Seiko 's reputation for bullet-proof reliability and high QC . I had ordered from Amazon because I like their hassle-free return process . In this case , however , since the watch is NOT sold directly by Amazon but by an affiliated third party in SINGAPORE , the return process is not so easy . The seller advised me I 'd have to ship it back on my own dime , no pre-paid shipping return label , and they would only reimburse me up to $ 10 USD despite the fact that it will cost me upwards of 20 bucks when you include tracking and insurance . What a dissapointment . I should have ordered the item from another domestic retailer or a US based seller on that big auction site . Sure , I would have paid a small premium but the level of customer service would have been much better .
 I ordered a seiko watch from bodying , the watch shipped from Malaysia ??? and came in a broken box . I was so excited about the watch I looked past that and started wearing it . The watched advanced about 1 minute everyday , and when I did n't wear for about 3 hours it stopped , So pretty much every morning I had to adjust the time . When I wore it continuously I still had to take the time back 1 minute everyday . When I tried to contact them , I got an e-mail full of the word `` KINDLY '' , there was nothing kindly about the e-mail , they refused to do something about the defected item . I wrote to amazon , and they refunded me immediately . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS RETAILER . DO NOT TAKE A CHANCE , THERE ARE TONS OF GOOD SELLERS ON THE INTERNET .
 After researching this watch extensively I was initially happy with the price I found on Amazon and the fast shipping . Unforturnately , after wearing the watch for a week I have discovered a couple of things that have greatly diminished my enjoyment of it.The first disappointment I found was that the hour hand is off about half a tick at whole hours . Minor perhaps , but I 've had far cheaper watches that were right on . I could n't believe my eyes that I was seeing this in a Seiko!Disappointment number two is that the power reserve of the watch is supposed to be 40 + hours and I find it stops if I do n't wear it most of the day , every day . Given that it ca n't be wound manually this is irritating.These two signigicant defects make me wonder if it 's even a genuine Seiko.Of course , I had to resize the bracelet to actually wear the watch and discover the defects so now I ca n't return it . My experience with warranty work on things like this is that it may come back even worse.I wish I 'd bought locally from a reputable jeweler .
 This is a great looking watch . Very durable and I like that the front face is flat , minimizing scratches . In addition , it has a very clean look which allows the wearer to quickly glance and observe the time . However , about 2 years into ownership , the watch started to run fast , by a few mintues a day . I sent it back to Seiko for repair -LRB- US Customer service center in NJ -RRB- and it appeared as if the problem was fixed . However after about a year , the watch now runs close to 40-50 minutes fast PER DAY . As nice as it looks , a watch has to tell time correct . This one did n't after a while ; be wary when purchasing .
 This is a really nice solid watch - looks and feels great -LRB- gets compliments from time to time -RRB- . Some reviewers have commented on the lightness of the strap . They are right , it feels a little weird at first to have a light strap and heavy watch . Do n't worry , you 'll get used to it very quickly.However , after about a year of use with no problems , suddely the watch started running fast . Now it 's usual that automatics run a little fast , but this is ridiculous - 20 minutes per day.Being up to 20 minutes out on any given day simply is n't acceptable . There 's no way I 'd use it as a dive watch - would n't trust it to tell me whether there was gas left in my tanks . I sent it back to seiko - who serviced it and there has been no improvement . Time to send it back again ... Worth buying anyway because of it 's great look and feel , but you 'd be gambling that you get one which does n't run fast .
 One of the spring bars that came installed is a common thin one , not the thick original it should be . So it rattles very much , the bracelet is loose , and it just feels insecure in my wrist . Ca n't use it because it feels like the spring bar is going to break and come apart and the watch is going to fall to the ground at any time.Now I have to pay for spring bars and have then installed .
 Just sent the watch back . The `` day '' reading is bilingual -LRB- spanish/english -RRB- . Not something I want or need . The display needs to be set on either language , but because the day reading must flip past the spanish it first shows the spanish day -LRB- at midnight -RRB- and then does not switch to the english day until about 3am . This is not something that has any value for me and since I am often up past midnight its kind of useless . Seiko was simply trying to save money by engineering one watch for two languages , but failed as the display is a clumsy attempt .
 since i got the watch is being slowing down -LRB- loose like an hour every day -RRB- , i tough it was me -LRB- the watch works with your movement -RRB- that i was n't using it enough , finally i contact the seller and they ask me to pay for shipment -LRB- fine -RRB- PLUS 20 dlls to get it shipped back !!!!!!!!! , they receive it 11 days ago -LRB- i have the confirmation -RRB- and no word from them !! i like the watch , but the seller is not committed to the costumer.update
 This is , for our family , a high priced gift . It does not work . We did not realize it was coming from China . This is an expensive mess .
 For the Potter enthusiast this is a great gift . Well made and packaged PLUS the price was right .
 The kids are obviously 10 years old in this picture , why try and pass it off as a `` Goblet of Fire '' watch ?
 This item was `` dead '' and in `` non working order '' on arrival . This is not what I expect from Amazon . This is being returned for a full refund .
 This is a very handsome watch that is offered for a very reasonable price . The build quality is excellent - this watch feels like a tank and it keeps time fairly well , although mine tended to run a little fast -LRB- a few minutes a month -RRB- . However , this timepiece is made in Malaysia . And so I was not really surprised at all when my watch started to run faster and faster until it was basically worthless . It now currently runs about 20 minutes fast every hour!I am a big fan of Japanese automatics and I thought Seiko would be able to deliver . Frankly , this is something I would expect out of a fake watch but not a genuine Seiko .
 I ordered this as a gift for my boyfriend 's birthday . Luckily he has a sense of humor , because when it arrived a -RRB- the Seiko box which held the watch was ripped and dented , which ruined the presentation and b -RRB- THE DAYS OF THE WEEK ARE IN SPANISH ! The broken box and weekdays and spanish were disappointing .
 UGLY WATCH IN REALITY ... IT EVEN HAD A MINOR SCRATCH ON IT ... AND THE COLOR OF ITS RUBBER PART WAS LIKE USED ... BAD CHOICE
 This is a cheap replica of a classic 1920 doctor 's watch . The movement is a cheap Japan Miyota 2030 and cost new $ 4.95 just for the movement . Check it out for yourself :[ ... -RSB- I am a watch maker and restorer and recently had this watch come in for crystal replacement and guess what ... no replacement crystals anywhere ! Even the website does not respond!I suggest buying a vintage watch instead of this cheaply made and severely overpriced piece of junk !
 I only wear this watch because it is CK . But the leather strap is really ordinary -LRB- strap is hard leather , i do n't get the soft feeling on my hands -RRB- and does not compliment well .
 Extremely disappointing . I feel that the website/product detail page misrepresents the item.The condition of the packaging and the presentation of the watch was unacceptable . The watch 's presentation box arrived in a protective white box that clearly had been previously opened and resealed numerous times as indicated by the general condition and jaggedly cut scotch tape . Inside this box was a scuffed red presentation box and instructional DVD and manual folio . This folio was missing the traditional certificate of authenticity/warranty card from the manufacturer , Cartier . The watch itself was also in what appeared to be used condition
 I own this watch with the rubber band . I swim , water ski , and cycle much more than I dive . My point is , my watch is exposed to a lot of water and sweat . The watch is great but I have to replace the band once a year at a cost of about $ 40.00 a pop . The band hangs on by its edges . It always breaks off . I do n't recommend this watch for that reason .
 Nice watchband , but not long enough . I had to go back to Sears to buy one that fit -- this may be longer than a regular , but it wo n't fit a `` plus size '' woman .
 I ordered a watch from Chelsea Watches that had a stainess steel band and they sent me a the watch I ordered but it had a leather band . I do n't like the bait and switch tactics that some retailers use , it ends up costing the consumer time , money and frustration .
 I JUST RECEIVED THIS WATCH AND IT 'S NOT WORTH MORE THEN 10 DOLLARS-IF THAT , THE FACE APPEARS A PRETTY BLUE ON THE SCREEN AND IT 'S AS BLACK AS MIDNIGHT . YOU CAN HARDLY MAKE OUT THE CAT AND THE NUMBERS ARE TOO SMALL AND THE GOLD COLOR LOOKS CHEAP . I RAISE SIAMESE SO I AM ALWAYS EXCITED TO SEE SIAMESE PIECES . DO NOT BUY THIS JUNK .
 I do a lot of skiing , biking & outdoor activities and this looked like the perfect watch to have . It is . The watch has lots of great features for tracking vertical feet skied , checking the altitude and things like that . Unfortunately the plastic piece around the face of the watch near the band peels off the face of the watch . This was after about a year of wearing it when skiing and biking as well as daily use . While this does n't make it unusable , you just do n't expect a relatively high end watch to fall apart.Despite the nice menu of features and otherwise quality construction , if you want a watch that has great features , looks nice and does not come apart you should look elsewhere .
 I owned a Highgear Axis for a few months . Several times a month , sometimes several times in a week , the barometer would stop working and the graph would be blank . The only way to fix this was to reboot the watch by holding all the buttons down , and thus lose any data , and of course you have to reset the time , compass , altitude , alarms , etc. when you do this.I called tech support and they told me , and I quote `` It 's normal to have to reboot your watch this often . It 's like a computer . `` Quality ? They 've heard of it.And silly me , I never even heard of having to reboot a watch before Highgear told me this . I RMA 'd it , got it back , same thing , so I exchanged it , but they were all like this . Anyway , the battery died after 6 months and when I tried to have it replaced at wal-mart -LRB- big mistake -RRB- they completely tore the insides of the watch up and it never worked again , so that ended that . I 'm going to go out on a limb and say I doubt they 've done anything to improve their reliability , so buyer beware .
 Bought in Feb of 2008 from an online retailer in the US . Used three times and the last digit on the display disappeared . Watch band separated . High Gear will not warranty the watch for the digit as it was not purchased from a dealer they say is authorized . The dealer I bought if from say it has a full warranty . My loss.Pros : Cost is good for features - initially . If it lasted would have been a good product . Lots of features and not very large.Cons : Short lifeWarranty is worthless if not purchased from the proper vendor . They must be authorized . See the warranty wording on their website - http://www.highgear.com/warranties.cfm?CFID=368410&CFTOKEN;=35021292There is a list at
 I ordered and received this watch in May 2007 and by November 2007 the plastic band attachment point on the watch -LRB- where the little pin fits -RRB- broke completely off . If this had been a break in the band itself it would be repairable but a watch repair person said there is no way to repair this . Of course , because this was past the 30 day return policy for Amazon , I now have a fairly expensive piece of junk . I will never buy a Highgear product again .
 I had this watch for a little over 1 year before the band broke where the pins connect the band to the watch face . This area of the watch is made of a hard rubber . The problem with that is this
 The watch has been good to me as I travelled to countries and gone skiing . I am able to see my altimeter and compass as a guide to know how high and where I was.A few months after I go this watch as a gift , I found the same watch -LRB- but used -RRB- on sale at the REI Used Gear sale . The reason why the previous owner returned it was because the side rubber trimming of the watch was peeling off . After 2.5 years using the watch , mine is experiencing the same problem . Needless to say , I was not shocked that it happened because of what I saw at the REI Used Gear sale.For a watch over $ 150 , I would expect a better quality than that , especially when it 's suppose to be an outdoor watch implying that it should be durable .
 My first multifunction watch . Bit complicated to set up and adjust but enjoyed using it . but this was all negated when the band broke away from the watch body . Now , a broken band or connector pin is easily to fix but in this case the pin recess on the watch cracked and the corner of the watch body fell away . I was horrified to see it was made of plastic , and not even reinforced with metal . Tried to glue it , and took it to two different watchmakers - could n't be fixed . Cheap crap materials .
 My wife bought me an Alterra for Christmas last year . For the most part I was happy with it . I had a few problems with the stop watch not working correctly , no big deal . This morning I found moisture inside the display . I never opened the case , yet it allowed water inside . Not very impressive . I expected better from a 130 dollar watch .
 If you do not buy this watch from one of the retailers listed on High Gear 's website , the watch is not warrantied ! Their customer service is exceptionally unhelpful . The quality is poor enough you will need the warranty ... or look at another brand.I had a problem with the buttons not working , so I contacted High Gear for a return authorization number . They refused the return authorization under warranty because `` it was not purchased from an authorized High Gear dealer '' . Who knew ? I perused their website with this new tidbit of information , and did not see Amazon listed as an `` authorized on-line dealer '' . I contacted the BBB , and they were unable to convince High Gear to honor the warranty .
 I bought this watch because I am a weather enthusiast and was impressed with the barometer and temperature functions . It works well for both those and the altimeter , if you calibrate correctly and often . However after a year of normal use -LRB- nothing extreme -RRB- the rubber piece that goes around the watch started peeling off . I sent it in under warranty and received my watch back with new trim . After another year , it did it again . Unfortunately , this time it was not under warranty . I would not buy this watch again .
 I received an Alterra 2 years ago as a Christmas gift . All went well at first , then in about the 4th month of ownership , one of the metal plates at the top of the watch that says `` High Gear '' simply fell off during an adventure race as I was reading a map standing still . I contacted customer service and was immediately helped . I was impressed with the fact that I had a new watch in less than 5 days.A year later the rubber face surround started peeling back and the metal plate was loose again . This time it took over a week to simply get a response from Highgear , but they warranteed it and sent me a new one .2 weeks ago , I was working a structure fire and forgot to remove the watch . It was protected from flames but not from the sauna like conditions within the fire protection gear and the face of the watch quit working . I immediately emailed High Gear about what had happened along with a picture of the apartment fire and asked what I could do to get the watch fixed . I knew this damage was beyond the scope of use for the watch and I told them this . I asked what could be done to fix the watch and roughly what it would cost to fix.Its been over 2 weeks now and no response at all from anyone at High Gear .
 I dropped this watch from about 2 - 3 feet in my room , and it broke into several pieces . I figure I would put more abuse on it outdoors than that.I assume a `` sports '' watch would be made to last longer than that.If you buy it make sure to get some bubble wrap for it too .
 the face of this wacth is huge i repeat bigger than my wirst
 NOTHING WRONG WITH THE WATCH ... HOWEVER , SWING SOME WHERE , THE COMPANY IS A RIP OFF , THEY ARE SCAMMERS , THEY TOOK MY MONEY MONTHS AGO , NEVER SENT THE WATCH , NEVER RESPONDED TO EMAILS , AND THEY DO NOT ANSWER THE PHONE . DO NOT BUY FROM THESE SCAMMERS ! THERE ARE PLENTY OF OTHER DECENT WATCH SELLERS ON AMAZON OR BUYY FROM AMAZON DIRECTLY ... DO NOT TRUST THESE PEOPLE .
 NOTHING WRONG WITH THE WATCH ... HOWEVER , SWING SOME WHERE , THE COMPANY IS A RIP OFF , THEY ARE SCAMMERS , THEY TOOK MY MONEY MONTHS AGO , NEVER SENT THE WATCH , NEVER RESPONDED TO EMAILS , AND THEY DO NOT ANSWER THE PHONE . DO NOT BUY FROM THESE SCAMMERS ! THERE ARE PLENTY OF OTHER DECENT WATCH SELLERS ON AMAZON OR BUYY FROM AMAZON DIRECTLY ... DO NOT TRUST THESE PEOPLE .
 Let me bottom line this for you . If you want a bad-boy Microtec based tritium watch , then buy a Traser , Luminox or KHS . All the other ones I 've run into are cheap and a weak excuse for a hardcore watch . I purchased one of these S&W 's to replace a broken Luminox . I sent it back the first day I got it . It was very cheap and the illumination was very poor . I then bought a Traser from LA Police Gear , and was very happy with it . If you want the badest of the bad , check out the German KHS with the blue tritium ... very cool . Best price-to-performance goes to the Traser watches , hands down . All my cop buddies agree with me on this ! -LRB- except my buddy who dropped $ 350 on a KHS , but I think he need to tell himself that to justify spending over twice as much for basicly the same watch ! -RRB- Hope this Helps !
 I received the wrong order , I order the diver Black face T25 RBBR nylon . \ I 'm not happy .
 I paid over a hundred dollars for this item , and what I receieved was a cheap watch worth about twenty dollars.If Amazon can not control what is being shipped , they should not sell it . They make it too complicated to get a refund or to get the watch that was ordered .
 I bought these batteries and within one month both had quit working . Would not purchase again .
 I replaced the batteries in my digital clocks and one of them looks like this new battery only lasted a month .
 I have not had time to return watch , however it has failed . New battery did not fix it . Loses approx 60 seconds per day before losing approx.45-60 minutes per day .
 This watch looks really cool but is not wearable . The band is small so it wo n't fit a man but far too heavy for a woman to wear . The design looks neat but is not comfortable at all . I returned mine , but if I were you I would not bother .
 Very fast delivery , nice watch , but I 'd liked to know , clear information about factory warranty in Amazon 's site or seller 's site . All Swatch users know that swatch products have two years warranty . My new Swatch does n't have warranty card filled by seller , because they are unauthorized dealer for swatch , and it has only one year warranty with seller -LRB- watchzone -RRB- and not with Swatch . Product information does n't mention anything about they are not Swatch authorized dealer . There is no way to know this important information before purchase.Now I ca n't return it , because seller 's return policy it 's very strong , I must pay shipping costs , insure the watch and pay a restocking fee of $ 10.95 . I used my watch immediately and the watch can only be returned , if it has NEVER been worn . I 'm praying nothing happen to my watch in the next two years .
 No fue lo que yo esperaba , la caja del reloj luce demasiado peque & ntilde ; a , tiene detalles color naranja cuyo tono no es tan fuerte para dar un buen contraste sobre el fondo negro del reloj .
 Very happy when I first recieved this product and it did the job for about 2 months or so . Like others said , it makes noises and it does n't hold the watch too tight . Well after about 2 months of using this item , it started not working properly -LRB- rotating slow , not rotating for the specific times or not rotating at all -RRB- and I did n't want to fool around with sending it in for repair . Thinking I could solve the problem , I examined the internal components and the motor . The motor was the major problem , but the internal components look really cheap and it looks like a child assembled this winder . There were different screw holes on the inside like they were just guessing where to sink the screws and when it did n't work they just moved it to a different postition . Maybe I just had a bad one , but I 'll never buy from this brand again . I really liked this one alot , but I ended up buying another for less than half the cost , although it may not look as sweet as this one , it 's been working fine for over half a year .
 This winder worked fine and was very quiet for a month . Then the noise began and continued to get worse . I finally had to move it out of the bedroom , to be able to sleep . Even though this winder has all the features you would want in a winder , I recommend finding one from another manufacturer , unless you do n't care about the noise .
 I bought this a year and a half ago for my husband and it all of a sudden stopped working . I contacted the seller and they said there is a year warranty , and would n't do anything since that time had passed . I paid $ 100 for something that only worked a year and a half . Very disappointed !
 This product is DEFINITELY not recommended for anyone with a Rolex . Tried it with 2 watches and it did not keep either properly winded . Not sure if it is the built in `` sensory '' system that does not function properly with this brand of watch or it is not meant for a watch of this caliber , but tried it for several weeks and it consistently failed to wind either watch .
 I was pleased to see a nicely finished watch winder . However , to my surprise , there is a large `` Tech Swiss '' emblem right on the lid to the winder ! This is very ugly and ruins the overall look of the winder . Unfortunately it can not be removed without damaging the wood . This is NOT shown in photograph . The winder appears to work well and is very quiet . However , the large silver `` Tech Swiss '' name plate affixed to the top of the winder was unexpected and takes away from the overall appearance of the item .
 Very nice finish , its so silent you cant hear ir ... But lacks of an instructions booklet , I tried writting the seller but he just ignored me . Its obious the function of the 4 buttons above but what about the other 8 buttons ?? I know that they are for programing the timing of the winder , but I dont have time to guess
 The watch looks okay except I have no way to verify if this is a fake or the real deal . No guarantee paper or serial # was included with the shipment . If this is a ` Gray ` watch per Amazon 's watch classification then it should be displayed next to the watch so the buyer is aware of what he is getting . The only confirmation I have if the item is genuine is Amazon 's word . Whether this is enough only time will tell !
 This is a perfect example of the old saying `` you get what you paid for '' . Save your money and get a real watch .
 I was disapointed in this watch . I have been unable to regulate the daily change of day and date to correspond with the time . It does keep good time and looks nice though .
 Batery was empty , and is not water proof ... . Bad product ... I do not like this watch . I send as a gift , and now i feel bad
 its very bad , this watch is n't a water resistant , I got a problem when I wash my hand , the glass of watch has a problem with water .
 they call that this watches has watherproof but be carefull when you are washing your hand it could be broken down like mine so i had to throw iti think dont waste your money for this subjecti wish i didnt buy it
 Nice looking watch but water got in from just a shower . NOT 50 meters as stated . not water proof at all . returned same after having it only 3 days .
 I have shopped high and low for the perfect watch at a reasonable price and this was it . Until it quit working within a month of receiving . I know it probably just needs a new battery , but it should have lasted longer before I had to take it in and pay for someone to install a battery . So I returned it . Wish it had have worked out - it looked lovely on my wrist . I expected better from Seiko .
 I purchased this watch three years ago , it has been seldom worn , I treated it more as a dress watch . Recently it started running slow and erratic . The problem remained the same after the battery was replaced . An authorized Movado repair center said it needed cleaning , adjustments , and that it needed gaskets replaced , all for $ 250.00 . I have had a $ 20 Timex perform better that this POS . You can find this one on ebay , as is , for a steal .
 I had been telling friends about this watch and the great deal I got on Amazon . While I remain a big fan of Amazon , I no longer trust this handsome watch . The problem is that every once in a while , it will lose a half hour or even an hour . This has happened three times in the space of about six weeks . The result is that I can not depend on it to tell me the correct time if I am not in a position to verify that it is the correct time . I wonder if this is the genuine item or is perhaps counterfeit . Do n't waste your money . As a result of this experience , I reluctantly bought a big-screen TV locally a few days ago . The hassle of returning poorly performing merchanise to an online vendor is a problem.Update
 This is a cheap and shoddy watch . The stem is small and stiff and difficult to use . The watchband is too short for all but the smallest wrist . The watch itself is rather chunky for a dress watch . Get a good Timex instead .
 Nice and beautiful design , but the quality is very bad . With only some weeks of use , the band changed its color , gold parts turned black . Is difficult to trust that is a Pierre Cardin product . It 's wasted money .
 I probably should n't have expected much for the price , but the product description is simply a lie . The watch movement -LRB- made in Japan -RRB- is fine . The case and band -LRB- made in China -RRB- were described as being made of stainless steel which they are not . In 15 months the case has peeled and corroded , and the band has turned black with corrosion and fallen apart 3 times with the most ordinary of daily use . One end was pinned to the case with an ordinary piece of wire -LRB- ran out of case pins that day ? -RRB- . Nice work , Pierre . Just trash .
 The watch was beautiful when i bought it . But the color faded away within 1 month of usage . very bad product .
 I gave it as a gift for my dad . He liked it ... at first ... but then , after 5 months , it 's dead and he took it to a watch store to get a new battery . But apparently the dead battery 's been in that watch for so long that somehow it caused damage to the watch.That 's what the repair-man in the watch store said to us . So , Amazon sold a watch with a `` nearly-dead '' battery in it ?? I was soooo disappointed with that ! My dad too ...
 I ordered a seiko watch from bodying , the watch shipped from Malaysia ??? and came in a broken box . I was so excited about the watch I looked past that and started wearing it . The watched advanced about 1 minute everyday , and when I did n't wear for about 3 hours it stopped , So pretty much every morning I had to adjust the time . When I wore it continuously I still had to take the time back 1 minute everyday . When I tried to contact them , I got an e-mail full of the word `` KINDLY '' , there was nothing kindly about the e-mail , they refused to do something about the defected item . I wrote to amazon , and they refunded me immediately . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS RETAILER . DO NOT TAKE A CHANCE , THERE ARE TONS OF GOOD SELLERS ON THE INTERNET .
 Watch is good , but when I want blue , I want blue ! Face absolutely reads almost black , way past navy or blue-gray , not like picture at all ... . AND after one week of normeal , the bezel surface just rubbed off
 I 've owned this watch for about three years now . Since the day I got it has run 5-7 minutes fast a week . I contacted Seiko and they informed me that this was within `` normal '' specs for this model . I Purchased a Wenger Battalion diver and so far its been amazingly accurate , while the Seiko sits in my dresser collecting dust .
 Beautiful watch that was available for a very low price on the day I ordered -LRB- just lucky -RRB- , and it arrived sooner than expected . Gave it a few shakes -LRB- as described in the manual -RRB- to start the movement , set the time and day/date , shook it about 10 minutes to give it a good winding , then set it aside . Checked it about one hour later and found it had already stopped . Gave it a few shakes to get it going again , but it stopped in about 10 seconds . Repeated that severall more times , but the watch just would not continue running . Returned it as defective .
 We liked the watch , but thought it was too big . So we returned it . It has been several months and we have heard nothing nor received our refund .
 I have this watch for about 3 years . It suddenly stopped two weeks ago . I considered it is battery , but yesterday Tissot called me and explained that they need to change some parts of the watch . It will cost 70 usd . I am disappointed . A Swiss watch to last only 3 year . I am in search for new one , but probably Japanese .
 It was our second kids timex watch that broke within the first year . Yes , there is a warranty , but it costs as much as the watch cost to get it repaired that way . The third watch is still working after one year though . If you want a cute watch that looks like a grown up watch this fits the bill . My daughter was heartbroken when it quit working after six months .
 Title says it . The watch itself is fine , the band looks nice at first , but gets broken in couple of months . The weak area is where it connects to the watch , and it is really weak . This is watch for kids , probably first watch for most , and this was not great experience .
 I did not like the watch , I returned it . Did not feel it was worth the price .
 The watch is nice looking , I picked it up for my wife and a suprise present when my sol broke her old one . The suprise was all mine . She opened it and went to set the time and it didnt work . I took it to a local watch store and they replaced the battery , the original was completely dead not even registering a voltage with the volt meter . The watch worked fine for about an hour then stopped working completely and now its ht or miss weather or not the time is right because it will just stop every so often almost ... wait for it ... like clockwork ...
 I bought two watches from Amazon Windy Watches for my brother last year November , but my brother said that one of them did not work . I have contacted the dealer several months ago and mailed the damaged watch to Windy Watches . Windy Watches told me that there were several scratches on the watch and can not be returned and refunded . Windy watches suggested me to contact Tissot repair center to repair the watch under warranty for free . Several weeks ago , Tissot dealer told me that Windy watches is not an authorized Tissot dealer and they can not repair the watch for free after I told them Windy watch 's zip code . I need to pay more than 150 USD for this time repair . Again , I returned to Windy Watch for help . In the past , Windy watch will response to my question promptly , but this time , when I said this watch can not been repaired for free , Windy watches does not give any response .
 I bought this watch as a Christmas -LRB- 2005 -RRB- present for myself , thinking the stainless steel looks nice.Pros : The watch looks nice in pictures.Cons :1 . To adjust the date , there is a push button -LRB- the top one on the right -RRB- . However , there is no button to adjust the days . You have to keep scrolling/winding 24 hours -LRB- for each day -RRB- using the center crown -LRB- do n't know what it is called -RRB- . The activity becomes very tiresome if you have to scroll through a few days of the week , e.g. if it is showing Monday and you have to adjust it to Wednesday , or worse , Sunday .2 . The date adjustment button can be accidentally pressed very easily . Then you have to press it again upto 30 times depending upon how many days you went over accidentally . The press & hold does not work to scroll through fastly . Again , this can be adjusted only in one direction .3 . The day and date dials are shiny silver . The hands for the day and date dials are also shiny silver . That makes reading the day and date extremely difficult .4 . Extension of that problem - The second , minute and hour hands are also shiny silver . So when they are on the either the day or date dials , it even becomes difficult to tell the time ! Is n't that what watches are supposed to inherently be good at - telling the time ?!!! 5 . The manual is just a flyer page , where there is no indication of the idiosyncracies of adjusting date and day .6 . The manufacturer 's own page is extremely lame . There is no easy way of finding the watch on its page . They list the watches by style , and give totally different names to their styles . So there is no correlation between the watch and its description to what they have on the web-site . I was able to find this model after wading nearly 200-250 watches -LRB- one watch on one page -RRB- . Even after I found the model on the web-site , I did not find any extra description or manual or support.I do not recommend this watch .
 I bought a pro diver by Invicta and had it for two years . I wore it only as a dress watch . It stopped working and was told it would cost more to repair it than I paid for the watch . Now have an expensive paperweight .
 I bought this watch on sale on a whim because it was so cheap -- an incredible deal ! After taking one shower , it got condensation inside -- so much for the 200m diver rating . I opened the back and saw that it has no real gasket to speak of . After letting it air dry , I got rid of the condensation . Knowing that I had just voided the dodgy warranty on a cheap watch by opening the case back , I used this as my tinkering watch to learn how to adjust automatic movements . For that purpose , this watch rocks . The experience I gained was priceless ! The watch itself , worthless . If you want an affordable automatic that 's actually well made , look at Orient or Seiko .
 I could not get the crown to pull out to allow me to set the time and date . I had to send it back . I like Amazon 's easy method of returns . I am still awaiting to see the credit . I was not happy that I could not just get a replacement . I have to get the credit and reorder - what a pain !!!!
 ive had this watch for about a year . it is a stunning watch , looks beautiful ... one problem , it runs very fast . i work for a netword news organization , and i need to one time at all times . My father has the same watch in black ... it runs fast also .
 I have one of these . They loose a couple of minutes per week . The watch looks nice but the jewel quality is not so good for an automatic . Bought mine in Arabia for about $ 110.00 . I purchased the new Seiko diver SNM 035 , black face and noticed that it keeps much better time . The higher the jewel rating the better time it will keep .
 The watch was offered for a good price for a Seiko . The watch arrived fairly quickly and was securely packed . The problem is I 've set and reset the time many times but it remains fast . I had a local jeweler check the battery and he confirmed it was the correct battery and had plenty of life . The watch is under warranty but it will require me to ship it to Seiko for repair since there is no local Seiko dealer . I suppose the watch can be repaired but it was disappointing because I 've purchased other watches for much less and they performed perfectly out of the box . This is not what I expected to get from a very reputable company like Seiko .
 This watch is far from being a monster . This thing is tiny ! . Thought it would be good size but has a very small face .
 I received the watch Invicat 9403 , it looked great . I wore it 4 times and then the Letter I on Invicta symbol came off . . I guess you get what you pay for ...
 I bought this watch on sale for $ 70.00 dollars . The watch is already taking on water . I created a service request at the Invicta website , and discovered that they charge $ 28.00 for return shipping . This about a third of my purchase price . At the price I bought the watch I do n't think this fair . My time spent on this case is worth more than what the watch is worth . Buyer beware , cheap is cheap ! I will never buy this brand again .
 This is a pretty poor watch , some people think it looks like a rolex -LRB- guess they dont know what a quality watch looks like -RRB- . Another watch maker skimping on quality by useing japaneese workings .
 The Band of the watch lost its golden tone and turned into white : -LRB- The Diamonds look nice ... but its just an average watch nothing too special about it . All you will be left with is steel Band and diamonds on the black dial .
 I got this watch in 2007 . For two and a half years it worked wonderfully . Then , after the second year , the alarm stopped working . Turning on the backlight made the numbers disappear . Took it to a repair shop , they told me it 'd cost $ 140 to fix . More than the price of the watch . I 've always taken the utmost care of this watch , never took it swimming or diving . Most I did with it was jog and go to work . It 's ben a waste of money . First of all , the ten year battery does n't actually last ten , or even five , years . Secondly , if the battery did in fact last ten years , would n't you expect the watch to last at lest half as long ? There 's a lot of fine print you ned to read . All in all , I would have been better off with a $ 20 Timex . $ 20 is all you should spend on a Casio . Or for something really good and flashy , I ' get a seiko or citizen for a couple hundred bucks . Stay away from this garbage .
 I have not received this item , despite repeated efforts to contact the seller , with no response . I am very very disappointed . The item was a gift to my husband . I ordered it on Dec3-07 and today is Jan11-08 ... they have the money but I have no item .
 I bought this watch for my daughter for Christmas , and now , after just one month of ownership , the `` mickey '' image on the face of the watch has detached and is spinning freely around the center post that the watch hands are mounted on . Granted , she 's 8 years old and can sometimes be rough with things , but she really liked this watch and took very good care of it from what I could see -LRB- it was always placed safely in it 's storage container when not in use -RRB- . My first impression was that it was very nice looking , seemed to be pretty sturdily built . Seemed like a great deal for $ 20 . But now , a month later , it 's `` broken '' and I 've got a daughter who 's not all that happy , as she does n't understand how it could be broken , as she went thru considerable measures to take good care of her first real watch .
 The only reason why I 've bought this outdated item was the aluminum case and band -LRB- as mentioned in description -RRB- . This is completely WRONG !!! Both product information and product description lie to buyers . This watch has heavy stainless steel case and band.Amazon should not provide its marketplace to sellers , who are not able to describe their products correctly !!!
 After a while using it I noticed the rubber part of the band was broken so I needed to change . The rest of the wacth is nice .
 Watch Review : Not an excellent watch as it looks in these images and not worth the price.There is a Plastic material in the strap , which is very delicate.I doubt i could break the strap within few weeks.Packaging : Received a Broken Watch Box package and also watch has slight scratches.Watch does n't look like a new but looks like a used and a refurbished product.Amazon sold me a Watch Packed in a Broken Box and tried to cover the broken area with a clear tape.I am sure that this is not broke during transit because the box is packed and covered with clear tape trying to hide the broken areaand also there are no broken pieces inside Mail Package Box.This was sold by Amazon.com LLC not any third party sellers.Bottom line : Buy only when you see and try it , if you order here do not expect the watch to be in a new and ideal condition .
 Nothing can prove it is real or fake . just make me do n't feel confortable at all . And the seller wo n't give u any words either .
 The battery of the watch did not last very long . Maybe I should have checked the manufacturing date of this watch . I had to have the battery replaced after a few days of use .
 I bought the GW1210A 2AV which is the same as this watch only a different color brand new -LRB- paid $ 220 a year ago as it listed for $ 300 + -RRB- and just so you know as of the time of this writing the GW1210A model is no longer sold by Casio anymore . There is a very good reason for that.Theoretically this is a great watch . It has so many wonderful functions , that is ... when it works . It has been in the Casio shop for SEVEN months -LRB- it never worked right from the begining -RRB- . The first time it was repaired it took 2 moths but when I received it back it did not work right in other areas that worked before . I sent it back again and it has been five months and counting ! I just heard from the techs who told me they can not repair it . They broke two watches and have gone through several modules -LRB- the gizmo that runs the electronic features -RRB- trying to get it to work . It is not the techs , it is the watch.The Casio service department has been a nightmare . They do not call back when they say they will . In fact they have NEVER called back until today . I have a 7 month long log of all the calls and promises they have made as to when the watch would be ready . ALL of them were not kept and they had the attitude that I was bothering them.For months I have been asking for a replacement watch or at least that they would extended the warranty for another year from the point when I received the watch back -- Casio has said , `` No '' until now since after 7 months they can not fix it . They can not replace this model as they say they do not stock it anymore . So I am now having to negotiate with them on a replacement watch . The GW1200 is the only comparable watch . It has the same wonderful features but has a different module , so hopefully it will work . I asked for that watch but they have said they do not have that watch either . I will report back when this is finally resolved.If you buy a G Shock get one of the cheaper watches . That way you will not be out much money and maybe the simpler style watch will work better . I 've had great luck with their cheap watches .
 I got it and the batteries where dead , even thought it was supossed to be activated first . We had to take it to the store and pay additionnal money .
 The good news is that the watch worked very well for 2-1/2 years . Nice look , cool `` waveceptor '' nightly -LRB- or more accurately , once in awhile -RRB- true-up for the time setting , and more features than I needed . Great . Then the digital and analog time went wonky so I had the battery replaced -LRB- $ 25 at a jewelry store , which seemed high , and the watch guy who was used to Rolexes and Breguets looked at the Casio like it was going to bite or infect him -RRB- . After that the watch lost its mind , with the digital and analog not syncing up . No idea what the problem is , but the watch is essentially useless . If you view a $ 50 watch as disposable , this watch would work for you , at an amortized cost of $ 20 per year . Perhaps that 's reasonable , but it was n't what I expected . However , I really liked the watch , and so I am buying another Casio that is essentially the same but with a solar-charging feature . Perhaps that will avoid the battery-replacement meltdown .
 I have 2 of these watches . Like Turton , the band came off and I thought the spring pin broke . Actually , it was the hole on the case where the pin goes . BOTH watches broke in the same place - one after only 3 weeks of intermittent wear . Casio wo n't replace either of them because their claim is ` normal wear & tear ' .
 I 've tried 2 of these now . The watch broke off of the band in less than one day on both of them . On one I bumped my wrist on a counter the first day I had it . The band snapped out at the watch . The second one , the band broke from the watch while trying to set the time when I first got it just from the pressure of pressing the button . I have been wearing Ironman watches for 30 years now , I have never had any problems until now . They are no longer `` Ironman '' watches , they are just cheap garbage . They need to go back to one of the older style bands with the wide connection to the watch . The narrow plastic is worthless . I would recommend you avoid these at all costs .
 The wristband broke the first week I wore the watch . I have had 2 of these watches in the last 20 years and both performed very well . Hopefully I can return it for a new one ...
 This is an awesome watch . It is really light weight , and the face is very readable . If you can guarantee that you will never bump into anything , get it caught on anything , take it on and off too many times , or look at it funny , then the watch will work great.That being said , the watch band is horrible . It will break off . I have had three of these . I liked the watch so much , I even considered trying to drill it and make my own pin . If you are not willing/able to do that , then you might as well not get the watch .
 love the watch but i have had to modify the band to stop breaking on me . needs more links that are removable and interchangeable , but i modified it to do that for me , so it is more easily repaired in the future .
 This Timex Ironman is my 3rd one of the same model in 15 years I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a durable well constructed wacth .
 This watch looks great , it 's light weight , and is easy to program and use . The worst thing about this watch , and it 's a big thing , is the band . It 's junk . If you read the rest of the reviews , you 'll see that . The pins in the band are very touchy . I 'm pretty hard on watches and the band of this watch just does n't hold up . I 've repaired it 4 times and it still falls apart when it is bumped.The watch looks nice but it 's not durable . Save your money and put it on a more durable watch ... you 'll be thankful you did .
 Very disappointed with this watch . We could not find it in stores , but found it on amazon . It was purchased as a birthday gift . The first time it was worn the watchband broke . We returned it and asked for a replacement , but have not received it in the mail . Overall , we are very disappointed with this product .
 I have owned timex sport watches in the past and have been happy with them but this watch is poorly made . the clasp will not stay closed , as u bend your wrist it will push the buttons on the sides and change the settings . I will from now on stick with the casio watches .
 I 've been through three of these watches . The band is poorly design and they have an unusually small pin connection to the watch . The cheap plastic on the watch breaks at the connection . I love this watch but seem to have designed it to fall apart so you have to keep buying new ones . It 's junk .
 I have been a long time Timex watch fan for over 30 years and keep going back to them whenever my old watch dies , breaks , or otherwise becomes unusable . This was the case recently when part of the plastic area near the band 's holding pin had broken off . Since this was not a simple `` fix '' , I decided to get this Ironman Traditional watch from Amazon . However , when I opened the box , I found that the band was not fully attached to the watch ! I was able to get this re-attached , I thought , but it popped out again and due to its design , it was impossible for me to get it secured . This has proven to me that Timex has diminished their quality and has made me look for an alternative . It is too late now to return the watch as I threw away the box . Bad decision in this as well the original decision to stay with Timex !
 I gave this watch to my 6 year old niece for her birthday on February 18th , 2006 . One of the wings broke off that same day while she was changing clothes . Being unable to be fixed , her mother broke off the other wing to match . My niece likes the watch , but without the wings she does n't wear it very often at all .
 The watch took a while to come even though it was suppose to have been sent the next day . It was nothing like what I saw in the store . The bezel around the watch is not moving as it should . So using the slide rule to calcualte anything is out of the question . The watch itself is tight to fit over ones hand . Trying to find anyone who has links or can add links in nearly impossible . The second hand is not realy a second hand but it goes to the stop watch , the real second hand is one of the smile hands on the face of the watch ... takes some getting use to . Oh finally setting the date is a real chore . It does n't go back so you have turn and turn the set knob until you get to the right date . Overall a very poorly designed watch for Sieko who is the parent of PULSAR brand of watches . Stay away go with a Citizen as you will be better off and pleased with the choice ... unlike this one .
 Although this watch comes with a 3 year warranty , Pulsar does not honor it . My watch was 11 months old ! According to Pulsar you can not buy this watch from anyone but an `` authorized Pulsar dealer '' or they will not honor the warranty . It does not say this anywhere in their warranty book but that is the type of crooked manufacturer you are dealing with ! Stay away from Pulsar .
 All , I ordered two of these watches . Nice looking watch , but the first one arried with a broken band . The second was dead on arrival.I give up.ThanksBob -LRB- Orlando , FL -RRB-
 I purchased a Michele watch 1 month ago , and wore it 4 times and the fourth time it fell of my wrist.The company does not cover the loss , so now I will spent even more money for a Lawyer to help me with this matter.The clap was defective , for it to have fallen of my wrist . I contacted the costumer service depatment of the watches , and they dont care . Worst costumer service I have ever experienced.Be aware when buying their watches that have stainless steel bracelet . They will unclasp andfall of your wrist , and you will be the one to take the loss .
 The clasp is defective . It falls off everyday several times . Now I have to buy a new band for 300.00 . Seller wo n't do anything and Michelle does not cover bands . Do n't buy it !!!
 Product was shipped promptly , but neither watch worked when we opened them Christmas morning . Had to return them , but did receive full credit .
 Great looking , could not get the watch to work . Returned for replacement and had the same problem . All I wanted was a simple push in the stem and voila , it 's activated . If that is what you 're looking for DO N'T buy this watch .
 I have had this watch for a couple of weeks . At first I loved it , then the day of the week and numberic day of the month started messing up . Everyday , I have to adjust both day of week and the month numeric date . I have hadpulsar 's in the past and have had good luck with them . But this one is not anywhere near the quality I have grown to expect from Pulsar . It doesseem to keep good time or I would have given it a lower rating . I do like to looks and the way it fits . The daily `` adjustment '' is very frustrating - and some days more than one `` adjustment '' must be made .
 This watch was much smaller than i thought it would be , and has a `` cheap look '' .
 The watch is good looking , fits well and runs well . However the advertising said it was water resistant at a rating of 30 meters . The brochure that came with the watch however said that it would resist splashing water , no immersion . So what does 30 meters mean ?
 Just got the watch . Nice looking , but there are design flaws.The LCD screen is very dim . Little contrast . Hard to see in daylight , very hard in dim light.The LCD back-light is pathetic . Barely helps at all even in complete darkness.The crown to set the time of the analog display is too touchey and too easy to pull out . Pulling it out resets the LCD and turns the analog watch off.Too many silly flaws . I would not buy it again .
 This watch does n't look as high quality as the photo looks . It should fit well in the 0.25 cent toy/gumball machine at a local wal-mart . Do n't waste your time or money with this item . The `` Pulsar '' name has been ran into the ground with this made in China wanna-be knock off ! Cheap silk screen lettering , cheap ban , and the LCD light ... what a JOKE ! You ca n't read the time at all in the dark ! Do n't be fooled . If you want a cheap watch just wait until your county fair comes to town and have fun trying to win one .
 I had planned to have it as gift to my friend , but when I received the product , I changed my mind . It does n't look that good . The digital part is hard to read and it does n't match the analog reading . Awful .
 The watch is excellent although after careful review I would have preferred a different watchband and also a stopwatch function . It may have been my own mistake bur I wish the products would have more specific pictures of things like function and band types . Additionally being able to order different style bands would be awesome for the style I have .
 The alarm function is WORTHLESS!Nice looking watch , however the Alarm is so soft and high - pitched that no one in my family could even hear it until I took it into a quiet room . This `` alarm '' is worthless in any normal setting with background noise .
 I had a watch like this from Pulsar years ago and it worked well . This one I am returning to Amazon because it ca n't keep time and the calender keeps resetting to Jan 1 . It was made in China so what can I expect . I am deeply disappointed in this product . No more Pulsars for me
 I had the watch 2 weeks and it reset itself to 1/1/01 three times . No idea why it did this . Sent it back .
 GOOD
 This watch died -LRB- battery ? -RRB- one year after I bought it . I like the watch , it fits well and I 'm able to swim in the pool and ocean with it . But I ca n't find a place to repair it here on Maui . It has a 3 year warranty but I 'd have to mail it in . After the battery is changed it needs to be pressure tested . What a hassle ...
 The watch arrived with a dead battery . Either look for another watch , or add the cost of a new battery and the cost of a real annoyance to your total cost .
 Band of watch is attractive and has what appears to be good safety clasp , athough I note another buyer has had trouble with the clasp.The date function apparently does not work propertly . After 2 months of re-reading instructions and `` fiddling '' it continues to turn at 12 hour intervals instead of 24 . The second hand timer for the timer is good . The minute counter is so hard to read as to make this feature useless.All in all , a disapointment .
 Pretty good watch , but not so good bang-for-buck
 After the first swimming , a pebble on the dial edge was lost ; after 2-3 weeks of usage the bracelet was scratched ; not worth the money .
 I ordered 3 watches for my neices . The packaging was lacking ... the watch was wrapped around a plastic mold and encased in a very thin cardboard box . All three watches had dead batteries .
 This product arrived with the battery dead.Very poor quality . Book was missing from the box.Clearly this was a return item and not new ... Ugh !
 Not enough diamonds ! I require at least 100 diamonds on every timepiece I own . I guess if you 're on welfare and you can barely afford to feed yourself this watch may be a good buy ... But anyone who wants to wear a practical timepiece while drinking fine wine on their private yacht would n't be caught dead in this thing.When the watch came , I just threw it away . It was n't worth the effort to return it .
 I like Swatch watches and bought the Irony Big Tri Gold for my wife . The watch did n't fit ; in fact it barely fit on my daughter-in-law 's very small wrist . The fact that you ca n't adjust the wristband and small size should have been noted in the description . Checking later at a Swatch store , this must have been a closeout type item .
 i bought this watch for my wife and it can not adjust size in any way ... the watch is nice but it 's too big for her wrist !
 I have been purchasing Timex watches for years , and will never purchase another watch again EVER . It did not do as it claimed . To begin , i was unable to set the day ... it would n't set . -LRB- i had to wait for the day on the watch before i could start it -RRB- . i had bought the watch for it 's ability to light up in the dark . . that feature was virtually unusable . Amazon was great , took it back , and followed up ,
 I 've given up trying to update the day/date at the end of the month . I 've used day/date wristwatches for more than 25 years , so I 'm very familiar with having to pull out the stem and find the `` sweet spot '' that moves the numbers in both fields . In the worst cases , I 've had to move the hour hand back and forth over the midnight zone , which is okay . And I 've liked Timex watches , owned several , and they were my favorites . BUT it 's nearly impossible to adjust the setting on this watch . The first time , I gave up and just twirled the knob though 25 day 's worth of hours . Now , I ca n't adjust either day or date - after much painful twirling , it just pops from 31 to 2 and back , and I ca n't get the Thursday-Friday turnover to work at all . After 20 minutes -LRB- really -RRB- and bloodied fingertips , I 've given up . It looks good - too bad the most important function for me does n't work .
 I have been purchasing Timex watches for over 40 + years , and will never purchase another again EVER . I have purchased 5 of these watches in the last year and not one did as it claimed . Everyone of them had a problem with the water resistant seal . I do n't swim , bath , etc. with them on only wash my hands - TIMEX definitely as gone the way of corrupt corporate America . Quality is not even in the equation .
 We returned it since we could not set the day or date . Not very good quality .
 My watch has gold tone numbers . I see Timex quality has slid even further downhill since my less than mediocre watch arrived ; this one just has black numbers.Many years ago I had a nice Timex Carriage watch , which I quite liked . The crystal fell out and the Timex service person said they would replace it for free . Okay , that sounded cool.But noooo ! The stupid Timex people sent me a new , cheap , junky Timex watch . I called and complained . If I had known you were going to do that , I would have bought a crystal and done it myself ! Send my watch back to me!They could n't do that . My nice watch was sadly sitting on some junk pile or melted down.At least the customer service guy was nice . He let me pick out a different Timex watch that I liked better . But that was the only good thing.Timex quality has taken an absolute nose dive ! For starters , I spend a lot of time in libraries . If this watch is anywhere near my ear , I can hear it ticking , which is annoying while I 'm reading or trying to read . The old watch was super quiet . I had to put it right next to my ear and even then I could barely hear it ticking.The case looks cheap ; the old case had a look that said quality.But the worst thing was the ridiculous effort I had to go through to get the cover back on !! It simply would not snap on by hand . I 'm 6 feet and 3 inches tall and I have very strong hands , but no amount of squeezing would make the case snap into place ! What a piece of junk ! This watch was made in the Philippines . That was probably where Timex found the cheapest labor.I finally got the cover to snap on by , get this , I 'm really not kidding you here , using a pair of vise grips and a pair of channel locks ! I covered the watch with four layers of raggy T-shirt to avoid scratching it . There is no way a person with less resourcefulness and determination could have gotten that cover to snap into place.But even that did n't work . It took so much effort that the cover was dented . I looked at the watch and the hands were not moving . As Charlie Brown so eloquently exclaimed , `` Aiighhh !! '' The cover was bent down and grounding out the battery . What a sorry state of affairs for a once proud company.I put two strips of tape on the inside cover . Then I had to snap it back into place with the same - vise grips , channel locks , raggy old T-shirt method . The watch is working now and I can set the time . But it 's still a piece of junk . My 6 dollar digital watch from Hong Kong has much better quality than this - we just do n't care about the customers anymore , low grade excuse for a watch from Timex.My advice is find a better brand of watch . I bought a used Rousseau , also made in Hong Kong , that looks like a watch that sells for around $ 2,600 . I only paid $ 15.43 including shipping . It has 3 sub-dials , the date numbers at the top , an AM PM dial and it looks blooming cool ! There are certainly jillions of watches to choose from and you can certainly find a watch that does n't require a tall , strong man using hand tools to get the cover on .
 Ask me one year from now ... . If it 's still ticking , great ... . What do ya want from a $ 30.00 Watch ?
 battery died after 1 week . the look of the watch is great . just the fact that i had to replace the watch battery after only 1 week is complete bulls ***
 The watch was nice to look at , but the winder broke off within 4 days . I ended up throwing the watch out .
 I purchased this watch for my husband who works with me in a dog grooming salon . The salon is in a very upscale neighborhood & even though he washes dogs all day , I wanted him to make a statement with his watch . It was even more beautiful than it looked online , and after a few months of constant wear , tear , exposure to water , and being banged around I have the following to report
 Have contacted Timex requesting a larger band , emails have been ignored . The band on this watch is so tight it would only be comfortable for a 10 year old boy or a pixie , unless you like blue fingers .
 This is a very large faced watch which is what I needed for my husband , it also has night light capability which is great . BUT is has to be recalibrated every month to set the date as if you do not do that the calendar numbers will cycle to 39 and then start over . What a crummy design aspect that it Timex !
 The instruction for set date does n't work . i just got this a few hours ago and the crown does n't move the day at all . rest of the watch is fine . a bit small and heavy . we 'll see how long this watch last .
 The bands on the older Timex use to be a twist a flex . I have used the same old twist a flex band on my last 4 watches . The bands that comes on them now are very small . I had to send off for more links and install them myself .
 This watch was sold as NEW and appeared to be new except for the box which showed extreme wear . The watch did not keep time and when observed the second hand actually stopped for several seconds at a time . It lost 40 minutes a day . I bought another identical one at WalMart and it acted the same same way ! I put a new battery in the one I purchased form Amazon and the jeweler and I watched it continue to act the same way . Do n't take a chance on this one !!!!
 The watch worked for a few days and then stopped running . I reset the time and it ran for a few more days and then stopped running.I received a return authorization number and mailed it back , however I have not received any conformation concerning my return .
 I was disappointed at this watch . I know it 's cheap , but I did n't expect it to look so cheap . The mini dials inside are fake . If you take a look at some distance it looks nice .
 The supplier was fine , the product was flimsy and fragile . It broke within one month of my purchase . The weak spot on this product was the spring clip mechanism that held credit cards in place .
 I tried to get this watched sized for me , but it was still too large . Now neither Amazon or the third party seller will take the watch back . I 'm not sure I was able to find out if the watch would fit me until it was sized , redering it unreturnable when it did not fit.I am very disappointed in Amazon 's customer service . They were absolutely unhelpful.Now I am stuck with a watch that I have paid for but can not wear . Buy your jewelry from a local jeweler , and not online .
 Wore this watch only a month or so & it stopped working . Have payed less then this before for a Timex & they have run for years.Sharon
 Bought it for my wife after I got a TIMEX digital watch with an expansion band for myself , which I really like . This one showed up and we were both in agreement , it is lame . At $ 20 , it 's hard to complain , but it 's not even worth that if you 'll never wear it.PROS : + $ 20 + TIMEX quality , water-resistantCONS : - $ 20 too expensive-expansion band is way too big for an average female wrist-the numbers are too far from the hands , making it kind of hard to tell what time it is -LRB- is that pointing at the 10 or the 11 ? -RRB- - cheap-looking , lame design
 Hadda return it . It fogged up in the shower . Nice looking watch but , hey , it leaked . Spent a lot more on a Seiko but are very pleased with it .
 this is a terribly made watch . a cheap piece of garbage . i ordered it for my mother who had the exact same one but the band had broken . could n't find a new band so ordered the watch . pulled out the pin to set the watch and it came out completely . so instead , i took the band and put it on her older watch probably not made in the philippines . so it all worked out , but this watch is literally a waste of time .
 I bought this as a gift for someone and they loved the product itself.My review concerns the crappy shipping method and Amazon would not let me leave feedback.When I placed my order , you were not allowed to use a P.O. Box as the shipping address . Thinking the item would be shipped UPS , I gave them a street address . The idiots shipped it by US mail anyway and the item sat out in the winter weather at the mailbox until the person I sent it to as a gift had a chance to pick it up.Had I known that was going to happen I would not have ordered it from Amazon . I will NEVER , EVER order another item like this in the future unless they accept a P.O. Box for the shipping address.Shame on you , Amazon . You 've lost a lot of my future business .
 If it came to my home for XMas it never got here . Why I just do n't know !!! Did some one pick it up at my door the people where I live here in Vegas I do n't put it pass them . if that see a box they mite pick it up I do n't know . I do know that some on goo in to my trash can from time to time . I saw them Why for the Cans ???? Live suck here in Nevada !!
 i have a lot of brothers and they like really anything but this watch this watch has so like wow lets stop and look but i dont think this is a cool watch
 Cute watch , but I have hardly worn it since the batteries ran out in 3 days . Considering how much you pay for the watch , you 'd think they would give you a new battery !!
 As this watch is very nice looking there is no way to keep it on your wrist the back of the watch which is not shown in the picture is flawed . I even called them before I bought the watch to have them explain the back of it but they could not do that since they didn ; t keep there stock where I was calling and they were looking at the same picture I was . There is no clasp or anything to hold the srape in place therefore allowing it to get looser throughout the day not staying on right -LRB- unlike a regular watch -RRB- , and if your not paying attention it could fall right off your wrist . I tossed all the return paperwork liking the watch but that was before I tried to wear it for a day . It is very hard to get through to timberland to try to resolve the problem as their customer service must be really busy this time of the year .
 bad quality watch , the watch got humidity inside the case which make crystal foggy . sooooooo you think is from Denmark ... NO ? inside some parts are made in china .
 I was really looking forward to receiving this watch , it looked beautiful , as far as one can tell in an advert , and the description emphasized `` durability '' as well as style . Well , upon receiving the watch , I was impressed at first glance at it 's appearance , though it was n't quite what I expected . First off , the crystal was n't flat , it has a slight dome shape to it , which for me , with the shiny face of the watch , created a glare which made it difficult to tell the time , unless you position your wrist at a slight angle . I have more to say about the crystal a little later in this review , stay with me here . After these few and minor irritants , I decided I liked the watch enough to keep it , even though the band was a little loose on my wrist , even after adjusting to the minimum diameter . I had this watch delivered to my job , where I sit at a computer all day . I put on my new watch , and after an hour or so of whacking away on my keyboard , I noticed the buckle and parts of the band becoming scuffed , from only light contact with my desk , not good ! Regardless , I kept the watch , wore it on the plane to Europe , and after a few days there , sitting talking with friends , I heard a `` ping '' noise and felt a twinge on my wrist , looked down , the crystal had cracked , from top to bottom . No problem , returned the watch , they explained that maybe the pressure on board the flight might have been the problem , if so , not a very durable watch . Ok , got credited for the watch , bought a Seiko , very happy . Before I end this , I must say this is not a knock Skagen , because I do own another one , different style , no problems . Could be I just bought a lemon . Maybe you 'll have better luck , cheers !
 I purchased this watch less than six months ago and it has already died ! I find that the wrist band collects dirt easily and the crystal scatched easily . The styling is very nice and it is of medium weight . I would not buy it unless it came with a saphire crystal and an extended service warranty .
 The band clasp design for this watech is a complete disappointment . I 've been carrying the watch , not as a wrist watch , but as a pocket watch . The watch band was so disappointing that I just kept it on my desk for some time . Last week I took it with me on a trip to Atlanta . At some point , even though the watch was kept in my pants pocket , one part of the clasp just diappeared . I assume that , as I took the watch out to look at it , the now missing part of the band must have fallen off . Once again , I could n't be more diappointed in the watch . I intend to return it for a refund .
 As soon as I saw the deal , I ordered this watch . When i received it , it was absolutely non-functional . It was not running at all . I talked to a customer rep on line as well as from a retail store . It seems the battery had all drained . I did not like this and I returned this product to Amazon and got the credit back .
 I received this watch only to find that it did not work . Amazon then sent me another watch which also did not work . Finally I gave up . This is a nice looking bracelet but not a very good watch .
 Even after 2 replacements , the Watch Didnt work . I think i shoudl have listened to earlier comments . DONT . . i repeat DONT BUY it online ... its a Made in China Watch . . sold by the name of Skagen from Denmark .
 Its machinery might be very good but loko wise I did n't find it worth the money ...
 It had good looks and was very light . But I was shocked to see my new watch stop working in 5 weeks time . However amazon gave me a refund of the money . It is definitely worth the price if it works well .
 I GOT EVEN THE REPLACEMENT BUT EVEN THAT DOES NOT WORKI HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE REFUND SOFAR.WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED
 We ended up returning this beautiful watch because it did n't work . We took it to a battery store to see if it needed a new battery and the manager said , `` Oh , a Skagen watch . I wo n't dare touch it because they open in a special way and I could scratch it . '' So rather than risk scratching it and finding out that it was n't a battery problem but that it was defective , discouraged us from pursuing this matter further and so we simply returned it . I do n't think I would order another Skagen watch again . We did return it to Amazon .
 Received a non-functioning watch . I lost my $ 10 gift certificate , since when i returned the watch , amazon only returned the actual amount i paid . The only thing i received is disappointment .
 The armbands on these watches are not on hinged pins , but attached directly to the housing of the watch . That makes them prone to breakage , and when they break they are almost impossible to replace . I 've found quite a few stores that sell Skagen watches but none that sell Skagen armbands . I 've been told that I would have to send the watch in , which would take 4-6 weeks and cost more than half the original sale price of the watch . Great design , but I 'm not going to buy another Skagen watch !
 I bought this watch thinking it was a woman 's watch , it is not so I returned it .
 I guess you get what you pay for , but you can instantly tell the build quality is poor . The pin snapped on the tool before I could even really get to use it .
 I used twice , and then broke ! I really do not recomend this product . Is not a good product for watch fix !
 Be careful when using this tool . Also putting the links back together with this tool is hard . I suggest looking for different options .
 this is a simple design that should work without any issue . The first time I tried to remove a watch pin the device broke . I replaced the pin and tried again with the same result . this was the `` cheapest '' similar device and I got what I paid for I guess . I would return it but the cost to mail is more than it is worth . I just threw it away .
 It works just fine with resizing . . but I did n't get the four extra bits with it !! I do n't know why !
 Had stress cracks in the plastic the first time i used it , very thin plastic , broke way too easy , look somewhere else for this type of tool .
 This tool is poorly made to the extreme . Nothing fits together . Handle is wobbly . The caps on the handle fall off . Even the included extra pins are of different size and do not fit in the tool . It is completely worthless even if it was given away for free .
 Well for 5 bucks i was n't expecting much , but this is by far an inferior and cheap product . Its hard to line up the pin holes with the bit heads , and even when they are aligned the bits bend and break . I stopped trying after 2 bits broke and threw the thing in the trash . Better to go to a jeweler and pay a couple bucks to gets links removed .
 This remover comes with six pins . I bent or broke all of them . They 're made out of really soft metal . I was trying to take the pins out of a Citizen watch , and I managed to get two -LRB- out of the four I needed -RRB- out . I also used a dental tool , a pair of pliers , a dime -LRB- to raise the platform enough to fit my watch on it -RRB- , and a paperclip . Since others did n't have so much trouble , and I managed to get it to work for two pins , perhaps I just would n't recommend this for Citizen watches . I suppose you get what you pay for .
 skip this product . You do n't have to buy a really expensive set either . Just get those kits with the tiny hammer thing , the pin and the watch stabilizer and you are good to go . This item is not built smart , there is no way to adjust the width of the tool , so if your watch happens to be just too wide , -LRB- I tried it on a woman 's watch and even that was too wide -RRB- then you are out of luck . I ended up just using the pin only and a hammer I had to get my watch fixed , stabilizing my watch was a pain . Oh well , it was only 5 bucks . Oh yes , the plastic is quite cheap as well .
 CHEAP AND EASY TO BREAK . EVERY CHEAP PRODUCT . MOST LIKE MADE IN CHINA . PLEASE DO NOT BUY IT . ITS A WASTE OF YOUR MONEY
 No instructions . I do n't believe it is possible to use on my Seiko watchband , since there are no holes in the outer edges of my band . Not sure it was new , since the side knob was chewed up as if someone had used pliers on it .
 did a search for a INVICTA watch band tool and this came up ... ive used amazon before so it must be a good tool ... WRONG ... first , ANY watch with a wide band doesnt fit in the tool ... then changed 2 sections of a band that did fit in the tool and bent 2 of the 5 push pins included in the kit . . and its not rocket science to use this tool ... should of returned it ...
 It is a very cheap tool . First time to use it broke . At least I only payed less than $ 4 other way I old be very mad ! Do n't waste any money this tool does n't work at all .
 Made of cheap plastic and very poor worksmanship . The 5 extra pins were n't even included as advertised . The thing broke after 5 minutes of using it . The metal in the handle snapped off so it could not be used to push the pins out of the hinge on the watch band.Do not waste your time or money with this product . Spend the extra 10 $ and have a professional do it the right way so you do n't scratch your watch . It 's really not worth the aggravation this product gives .
 Like the title said , '' ... you get what you paid for ... '' This product is useful , but when it really counts , the pins get bent out of shape . The housing is made of really cheap plastic and the pins -LRB- as mentioned -RRB- are made of really cheap metal . But , for a couple dollars , there 's not much to complain about but review this item as is . So , for short term use , GET IT ... long term , GET A BETTER ONE!I hope this review helps .
 no wonder it has six replacements because it sucks.and the plastic parts suck too ... I really hate this tool
 I have a Tag Heuer watch , Carrera model . The watch cost me a pretty penny but the cheapskate in me did n't want to pay Tourneau $ 25 to add one link to the band . Decided to give this a try because the price could n't be beat . The item is exactly as described in the description and the other reviews ... it 's a piece of molded plastic with several , different sized metals tips . Not especially well made but I see how it could get the job done.So I lined up the watch , threaded the metal tip into the pin , and was able to push it about 1/4 out , but not any further . Something about the design of the metal tip ... it would n't go any further . Maybe it 's just the design of my watch . Even tried pulling the pin out with pliers , to no avail.Anyway , I ended up bringing it up to a Tag retailer , who adjusted it for free . Giving this product 2 stars because it looks like it could work for some people ... just did n't work for me . For this price , it 's worth a shot .
 I read the reviews about this and thought , `` I can use this thing correctly , '' in spite of the negative reviews . Well , I could n't . I was able to remove some links from a new watch , but could n't finish the job because the little pins that come with this thing bent and broke . If it does work for you , as it has for some , it 's pure luck . Find a better product or just pay a jeweler to do it for you for $ 15 .
 this item is cheapky made and the pins that are used to extract -LRB- push out -RRB- the holding pin in watch - Bend and or Break very easily - I would not have bought this item should I have seen it 1st hand before purchase
 The tool may have been okay if it arrived in one piece . The handle was broken off so you are not able to use the screw in feature.For $ 3.25 its not worth my effort to send it back.Will try to find a metal tool instead .
 I purchased this tool to replace some watch bands on older watches . While this tool seemed pretty simple to use , the pushing pins with the tool were not long enough to push the watch band friction pins completely out . I needed to use a pliers to pull them from the other side . The tool was pretty much useless for pressing the pins back in . In all cases , the tool bent the friction pins and then the tools pin bend . This might be a case where spending a bit more would be a good idea .
 I was misled by text in product description claiming product will remove ALL push pins from watchbands . I was careful to be sure that band was properly aligned and that force would be applied to pin to be removed in keeping with the direction of the arrow shown on watchband . After bending two of the supplied mandrels , I stopped . The tool was not capable of holding the watchband square to the mandrel . The tool is not up to the job , and the cost of returning it would be more than its worth . Save your money ! I have bought several products over the years from Amazon and previous descriptions of product capabilities proved to be accurate , I relied on their word - Somebody really goofed on this one .
 Within 5 minutes of opening the packaging , and setting up my watch for the link removal . The bit of the head broke off as if it were cheap metal . Like they say you get what you pay for . Never again !
 The tip broke and bent the first time I tried to use it . Without having the instructions on how to use it was a disappointment but even more so since I had NO idea on how the change the pins out !! The price a jewler charges it is well worth the hassle and frustration and LOSS of the money spent !!
 I used this once and it definitely works . My only complaint is that one of the screws that it came with broke off
 This tool is flimsy and not worth the $ 3.00 . Save your money and buy yourself a cup of coffee . All of the push pins , 6 in all , broke .
 I was trying to figure out how to use the product ... then I acess internet to check it out and saw that it should have some pins , and my product came without any pins !!!! So I do not a watchband link remover tool ... without the pins it is only a watch holder !
 This device seemed pretty easy to use , but the first time I tried to use it the plastic snapped , rendering it useless . I 'd seen mixed reviews on this so I also ordered a different watch sizing kit - thank goodness . This thing was a waste of money .
 I am happy with cheap items that have simple uses . I bought this to adjust a women 's Tag . The included pusher pins just were n't long enough . In short , it did n't work
 This item ships with no instructions . I read other reviews to try to figure out how it worked but I could n't . Ended up damaging the watch band -LRB- no problem because a jeweler fixed it -RRB- . I have decided to just pay to have watch bands adjusted . There may be a better item than this but I would n't take the chance .
 I consider myself neither stupid or mechanically challenged , but this device is definitely a puzzle that I 'm having difficulty solving . No instructions provided in how to use it for it 's intended purpose as assembled or directions if reassembly is required for it to function .
 Arrived with a bent pin . Luckily others were not bent . Did not work on the watch I wanted it to . Worked on other watches . Typical design . Light weight plastic . Does not work smoothly . There is a catch in the swist of the handle . It does n't interfer with operation but is annoying . Arrived quickly .
 Thirty years in the jewelry business does n't help when working with plastic tools ! First time I used this link remover it snapped in half ... save your money and buy a metal one !!
 They said it was in stock and did not ship for seven days.SE Link Pin Remover for Bracelet Adjustment Watch Sizing
 The slot is very narrow . I tried two female watches and two male watches . none of them can fit into the slot . I should return it . but it is cheap , no time to waste on it.The needles are useful , give it a two stars .
 i bought this cause it has great reviews i removed it from the box started to use it and the plastic broke right away . sucks !
 The pins break easily which is why I chose this one . But mine did n't come the extra 5 pins as shown , only 1 . Yes , it was only $ 3.25 , but I expect to receive what is shown . Returned to amazon for refund .
 I have n't working out much so my wrist got smaller . My watches are men watches , so it does n't fit on the tool.So if your watches have slim bands , it might do the trick .
 This item arrived broken and was replaced the replacement was also broken . Very poorly packaged in a thin plastic bag that offered NO protection .
 This unit can only be used with certain narrow watchbands . I have several Invictas and I could not use it
 I could n't figure out how to use it . All one needs is a very small screwdriver . All one needs to say .
 It the metal prod bent within minutes . I am ordering a more expensive one . This was a total waste of money .
 poor quality did not even finish fixing few watches lenth , the tip is not strong , it bend after the first time using it .
 Plastic vs metal , plastic looses every time . Plastic bent and metal pin remained in place . The product arrived on time , without cloth bag which was okay because it all went into the trash . Do n't waste your money or time on this .
 I saw mixed reviews on this before buying , but it looked exactly like one I saw someone use in a department store , so I thought it 'd be OK for under $ 10 shipped . I wish I 'd gotten something else.Two major problems1 -RRB- Today 's thicker -LRB- men 's -RRB- watchbands will just barely fit into the slot . -LRB- Note to reseller
 First I discovered that my watch was too thin for the tool to work . There is a screw that moves the platform up and down , but the highest setting was too low . I compensated by putting a piece of cardboard under the watch band and it lined up perfectly . As I tried to remove the pin -LRB- and it started to come out -RRB- , the entire link remover broke in half . This tool was a waste of money !!!!
 I was really disappointed in this product . I have a watch that I could not get the pin all the way back in & purchased this hoping to resolve the problem . The pin bit bent and could not handle the task . It came ith extras , so I repositioned overything , careful to have it aligned in case it was operator error , and this one bent too . At least I did not spend a lot of money on it . I would n't recomend this to anyone .
 This is so cheaply made it 's rediculous . One of the pins was n't threaded right . Two broke under the pressure of getting one side of my watch link out . The other two broke before I could get the other half of the link out . I 'm probably just going to take my watch to a jeweler like I should 've in the first place . Save your money .
 Ok I am sure that this product is fine for someone that knows what they are doing ! That being said I would advise you to take your watch to a jewler for sizing and link removal if you are a novice -LRB- like me -RRB- . The repair to my tag after I messed it up trying to use this was around 100 dollars in parts alone -LRB- that is with me going against the full bracelet replacement that was recommended to me which would have been 500 dollars -RRB- So if your experienced at Link Removal then this tool should work fine for you , Else I would not recommend using this .
 Tried using it to remove a pin the first time and the metal pin broke off the device . Now I ca n't remove the old pin to try another spare pin in the device . I would not recommend this plastic device to anyone .
 Did n't even manage to take out one pin off my watch with this . All the pins where very cheap and not long enough , they all broke . Very disappointing , but oh well it was cheap , so what can you expect ?
 Twist handle snapped off where it meets the base before any force was exerted on first pin removal attempt . Beware !! Yes , I had it in the correct direction . A wet paper bag has more shear strength than this POS .
 Did not work as easily as described . I have broken two of the pins trying to get the watch pin out . Still have not been able to remove the watch pins .
 I got this tool thinking that my life removing watch links would be easy and pain free . Sadly , this was not so . Although my order did ship in time , the tool barely worked . I needed something that would push the watch pins all the way out . This cheap plastic contraption only pushed the links out a third of the way , then I had to struggle with my bare hands and TEETH to pull the rest of the pin out . Which , by the way was unsuccessful . Due to the fact that I 'm at college , and do n't have access to tools meant , that I had to use a PAPER CLIP to jimmy the rest of the pins out of my watch . Needless to say , I was disappointed .
 I was unable to get the tool to work . It ended up breaking , and I had to take the watch to a jeweler . Disappointing .
 Ok first off I have a Nixon 51-30 and a Nixon player that I needed to resize . All in all I was eventually able to do it but let me tell you what 's wrong with this retarded piece of cheap , cheap plastic.FIrst of all when you put the watch band in the empty space and then you twist the knob on the right with the small screw end , it is supposed to poke into the actual hole of the watch as you screw in . It works ok , BUT ONLY if you are DEAD ON . Problem with this is , if you put it in the empty space , YOU CANT EVEN SEE IT FROM THE TOP OR THE SIDES . You basically are trying to screw into the hole to pop out the pin , but are unable to see it . I scratched the side of my watch attempting this multiple times for each hole until I got it right.That was just for my smaller watch . My Nixon 51-30 is admittedly a very large watch . However the band itself would n't even fit into the band slot . I had to completely remove the screw part of this and do it all myself manually . I grabbed a hammer and smacked the end of it -LRB- which is extremely flimsy and loose by the way -RRB- It took so many tries the actual metal for this thing was bending because it kept flopping around everywhere . I was again finally able to pop out the pins and back in but only with a sacrifice . IN the many , MANY attempts it took , I scratched the shizz out of my watch and regret it . Go find a real toolkit , I would give this thing zero stars because it will definitely damage your watch in the process !!! DO NOT TRY !! I WARN YOU !!
 I can not figure out how to use this tool . Printed instructions would be very helpful since the on-line version seems to show a different design .
 I bought this sizing tool because I had misplaced my Invicta tool . It did n't make it through resizing one watch before it bent the pin . You get what you pay for . Spend a little more and get something better ...
 Hard to line up . Hand to hold in your hand . Hard to use on a table . Does not line up well ... this thing is good if you intent to use it once but if you want to change several bands forget it ... go to a jeweler !
 I thought it would work quite well since most people seem to have had luck with it and it DID work but with extremely excruciating slowness since the tool that I received was wobbly and all the pieces were of incredibly mediocre quality . It really is n't worth more than $ 2 in my opinion . Definitely would NOT buy again , it works but if you 're going to be using it more than once -LRB- which is what I was hoping to do -RRB- then you should save yourself the trouble and buy something nicer for a few bucks more.Not worth it and I would give it zero stars but that 's not a possibility with Amazon 's rating system .
 I purchased this item and the first time I tried to use it the pin bent . The pins are so weak they bent into a s-shape with very little pressure applied . Save your money .
 Just a cheap piece of plasticArrived broken . Whorthless.A waste of $ 8.00 Do n't waste your money.what a joke .
 The needles in the front are soft so wheneveer I wanted to remove the watchband link , they broke one by one . Finally I used a scissor to remove the watchband ...
 Do not buy this . First off , it is too narrow for most new men 's watch bands . -LRB- I was using it for a new men 's fossil watch . -RRB- I had to ghetto-rig it to get it to lie flat . Secondly , the pin pushers are very cheap and poorly made . I broke all of them within a few minutes and never succeeded in getting one pin fully out . I got one pin partially out before all the tips bent or completely broke off . Save your money and get a better one .
 When the SE Watchband Link Remover Tool arrived , I found that one of the plastic rings securing the end of the plunger was missing , so it fell apart when I tried to use it . I taped it closed -LRB- thank goodness for duct tape -RRB- then tried to press out a watch band link pin . The plunger pin bent and broke . I installed another with the same result.This tool is so poorly designed and made , I can not understand how ANYONE could successfully use it !
 The picture shows as if the tool includes five extra tips , but it includes only one . the tip broke as I tried to remove third pin . This is true `` el cheapo '' and does n't worth even a cent . I gave it one star only because it 's the lowest I can give . It 's actually ZERO star .
 very cheap , need to buy a better one , doesnt open wide enough for big bands , handle is very very cheaply made
 The quality of this tool is incredibly poor . I can not believe that somebody decided that this was ready for the market . In summary - do not buy this tool.In theory , a device for this function should have a lead screw that drives a small pin into the watchband . The lead screw would provide the mechanical advantage to drive the pin out of the watch band in a controlled manner.The lead screw on this device is made of molded plastic . I could barely turn the handle through one revolution due to burrs on the thread . After I had applied sufficient torque to turn the screw through one revolution , I noticed that the lead screw had so much slop in it that the pin revolved in a circle roughly the diameter of a pencil . This was before the tool had ever been used.It took considerable concentration and profanity to actually hit the hole in the watch band . When I finally got the pin into the hole , the pin started to buckle as I drove it in . I have a degree in mechanical engineering , so I can tell you that apparently little thought went into the design and material selection of this tool.In the end , this tool was able to remove and install a watch band pin . If you need to do this task on a routine basis , or even twice , invest in a better tool .
 See my review for `` 16 PCS Watch Repair Kit '' . The same fairly useless gizmo is part of that kit . Save your money .
 The width of the channel is too narrow to fit any of my men 's watches . When we used it on one of my wife 's watches with a narrower band that would fit the link remover , we found the overall construction too poor and difficult to use to be effective . We would return it , but it 's not worth the hassle or shipping .
 It 's way smaller than it seems on pictures here . My metal band on my 50mm did not fit . This made me very upset . I do n't have time to go through the trouble of sending the item back , if I did I would have . I do n't recall reading in the item description the max band width . The intructions are weak . I do n't even know what that screw on the side is for . oh well .
 The pins are very slender and fragile , and to line this tool up so that the pin does its job without bending takes surgical precision . I wound up just using the slot in the block to hold the watchband vertically , and then tapped the pin with a small hammer . Much more effective .
 I broke two pins without even trying !! Bought another brand that was only a few dollars more and it worked beautifully . You pays your money and makes your choices , but this is a bad choice !
 Pins break easily , and you get what you paid for . This is low quality and will not last . Better invest in something more durable for the long run .
 I used it today and it broke after a few turns I guess for the price . . the quality is expected to be poor .
 Don.t waste your time and the few dollars it costs . You know that old saying , &#34; You get what you pay for &#34; ? Well thats the case with this item . It was shipped to me directly from China , that 's why it took 14 days to get to me . Your better off getting a small but strong needle and put it in a vise . This way you can push the band pin out . Luckily , this item was only a few bucks so it did n't break the bank .
 I liked the look of the watch but adjusting the watch band was difficult and so I returned it without using it . I have used Fossil watches in the past and they are far superior in the functionality of watch band adjustment .
 I purchased this watch for my son to potty train him by using the timer feature . I broke the band before ever handing it to him . The band seperated from the watch . On day 2 there was fog inside the watch . I will be sending this back to Timex for repair under warranty .
 Was looking for a reasonably priced watch which offered interval timing ... there are n't many available even in the high priced `` adventurer '' watches -LRB- $ 200 + -RRB- . So ... despite the negative reviews about the construction of the strap which is not replaceable and integral to the structure of the watch ... I really wanted this feature and decided to take my chances . My husband `` bought '' it for me as my 2010 Christmas gift . Loved it !! ... for about 8 months it performed wonderfully . Then , the strap started separating and it got wet and that was the end of it . I loved it so much I actually carried just the watch face/back around and was trying to figure out a way of velcroing it to some type of strap . Finally had to `` get a grip '' and dispose of it . Really disappointed ! C'mon Timex !!
 in the beginning i really liked this watch , it was fulfilling its purpose in meeting my needs . then a few months later i noticed a few things that i did n't like , the band became discolored , and then the band started separating itself from the actual watch piece . whenever i wear it now , it inevitably falls out . i hear something hit the ground , look around for the watch piece -LRB- the band is still attached to my wrist -RRB- re-attach it and go on my way . i 'm currently looking for a new watch .
 Do not buy any Timex Watch with this type of band , the last one I had lasted only a year . This is a common problem with this type of band . I only buy Timex Sports Watches with the Velcro type band . Buyer Beware !!!!
 I have worn timex watches before but I always got the less-than-20-dollars kind because I 'm not that avid of a runner . However , I thought it would help to get a bigger display and a split button , so I bought this watch . In less than a week , I had a huge rash on my wrist . Brought up my old nickel allergy . They should put more information about the metal composition in the description .
 I bought this watch and on day two brought it to the pool where I waded in to my waist . The watch filled up with water and ruined the crystals . Spend money at a store or somewhere else , because this watch is bogus and not resistant to water at all !!!!
 It 's a fine watch , but do n't rely too much on the `` water resistant '' label . I 've had similar Timex watches that had no trouble with leakage from being worn while swimming or kayaking . But as chance would have it , I got one that leaked -LRB- badly -RRB- from being worn in the water . -LRB- No button pushes under water or any other action that would have increased chance of leakage ; it just leaked . -RRB- Too late to return to Amazon , and Timex warranty coverage for this sort of thing is n't clear . -LRB- Besides , shipping both ways would probably come up to half the cost of replacing with a new watch . -RRB- Too bad , it 's otherwise a watch with a great feature set , maintains accuracy reasonably well , etc. .
 I bought this watch for my husband for Christmas , because it said it came with the FLIX system . I even chatted with an Amazon rep to confirm this . He assured me that yes , it certainly does have FLIX ! It came in the mail today - surprise surprise - it does n't have FLIX . I 'm sure it 's a good watch , as my husband has always had Timex Ironman watches and loves them - just beware of the item description .
 I like the function of the watch . The time , date and day of week are prominently displayed and it looks good ... at least it did until I went camping this weekend . I got a little bit of bug spray -LRB- Deep Woods Off - Sportmans -RRB- on the watch and the band has blotches on it that wont come off and the silver paint has flaked off . I 've owned it a grand total of three months .
 The product description above states that the watch `` features a deep yellow Indiglo night-light as well as the hands-free Flix Indiglo activation system . `` The watch does not have a deep yellow Indiglo night-light . This watch also does not have the Flix Indiglo activation system.This product description is not correct . It is misleading .
 This watch has nice features but here are the drawbacks . 1 -RRB- The red indiglo is very dim and you will have to focus your eyes to see it , in other words not that easy to see 2 -RRB- The main rim on the face after only a week of use has had multiple places where the paint has flaked off ... pretty bad paint job . I previously had a ironman #T 5C441 and I 'm just going to buy another one . The face is stainless steel and lasts a while -LRB- I lost my last one -RRB- .
 I was looking for a simple to use running watch for my wife . She does n't run marathons , does n't need split times and is suffering from the same thing everyone has as they get older - poor near vision . I was hoping for a watch with large digits that were easy to read and very few buttons to push to just get a strart and stop time . Timex has put the stop button on the right instead of on the top so now it 's harder to stop the watch . and they have added so many other features that the watch is no longer that easy to use .
 Good morning , I bought this item years ago and it lasted for a good while until I went into the steam room . I had done this multiple times before , but I guess this was one time too many . When I called to get it fixed through the lifetime warranty , it would have ended up costing more to fix it than it would be to just buy a new one .
 I would love to be enjoying my light blue Timez watch , but I was sent the wrong color and had to send it back .
 This watch , a Timex Men 's Fashion Easy Reader , Two , model number T23811 , part number
 The watch is nice . It was tight around my wrist .
 i got this a while back . first thing i noticed was that it was a lot bigger than it looked in the pictures . my second complaint is that its shiny finish makes it look cheap -LRB- i guess you get what you pay for -RRB- and scratches are far more visible because of the almost mirror like finish . my final complaint would be its strap which wont go to my wrist size quite right but i guess that depends on the person . but it does read time well and it is easily visible . however waste your 40 dollars elsewhere
 The watch was sent to me keeping time poorly . I took it to my jeweler to replace the battery and he said the battery was fine , but they dont work on timex watches , bacauce they are so cheap . The watch was taken apart and I had links taken out , and I could not return , due to notice given . -LRB- no returns given if the watch is altered -RRB- So , I am out of $ 40 bucks
 Watch kept stoping replaced the battery and it worked for 12 hours then stoped I have returned it to the sell and awaiting a credit to my account .
 Simply the watch does n't perform like a sports watch should . I got it for my girlfriend to wear during a sprint triathlon , but the velcro came undone at the beginning of the swim . The band ca n't be replaced because of the way the watch is made . For the price the watch keeps lap time , and has the other extras , but I would n't recomend it as a sports watch .
 Having owned other Pulsar watches I was anxious to try this one . The band however was huge and could not be sized down.I tried several jewelers and not a one of them would touch a Pulsar watch . Most recently the watch stopped working , even after a batter replacement . Owned watch for under a year . On the low end of quality .
 This watch is not a moonphase watch . All it does is change its display every 12 hours from a sun to a moon . The phases of the moon shown on the watch are not related at all to the actual moonphases in the heavens .
 The only watches I have ever owned over the years are Timex , so I was very excited about ordering this beautiful watch . You can imagine my surprise when I got it and it looked like it would fit a child ! I could barely get it on the first hole . It 's going back immediately . Please do not buy it unless you have a very petite wrist otherwise it will NOT fit .
 The band was NOT too small for a normal sized adult woman , as has been previously stated . Once the band was a bit worn in , it 's very comfortable and light enough that it does n't interfere with movement.I bought this a year ago , and unfortunately , the band is now broken . It wore out and just fell apart.Also , it is not a moon phase watch . It just shows you AM/PM with a sun or moon graphic . It will NOT show you the outside moon phase , so if that 's what you 're after -LRB- as I was -RRB- , sorry , no luck .
 I purchased ... then summarily returned . It was a moment in my life where I felt my age . Without my reading glasses I could not get my wrist far enough away from my eyes to read the face of this watch . Sad , but true . Amazon does not sell arm extenders .
 I have been using timex watches for most my life . Then one day when I was trying to be on time , I noticed this watch was losing time , 10 minutes slow , then later 15 minutes slow . I thought that maybe the battery is dying , so I went and got a new battery . the next day , watch is still 10 or 15 minutes slow . Timex has lost my business , If you care about quality and value time please avoid buying these watches .
 This watch is easy to read , but very large . The face is much bigger than the size of a normal watch . My husband did not like it .
 This looked like a great watch , big numerals easy to read , but I dropped it once as I was strapping it to my wrist and it broke open .
 the clock is consistently slow . over an hour it only ticks 45 min or so ... cheap and i guess you get what you pay for .
 Just got the watch , open package . Set time and it ran for 15 seconds and then quit . The night light does not even work . So much for Timex that keeps on ticking . Forget 10 year battery life , I expected it to as least a year or two not 15 seconds .
 This watch is so large that my husband feels like he is wearing an alarm clock around his wrist so if you want one that is really huge then you will like it , he does n't . The old much smaller watch was equally easy to read but not nearly so huge .
 I boaght this item two month ago . But the band material is not so good . Two weeks later after the buying the color start loosing brightness . I do not resommend this item !
 About everyother day the second hand sticks to the minute hand and stops the watch .
 Great watch , too bad it died a month after I got it . I got ta get a hold of Amazon . . I need my money back or another watch ... The Truth
 it is not waterproof , it has water inside now.so i ca n't wear it in the swimming pool so it 's useless to me
 The watch fired right up and worked fine ; for about 1 week ; and then it broke ... just quit working ... Now I am stuck spending time trying to figure out how to get it exchanged . Not a good experience ...
 I made the decision to purchase this watch from a brick-and-mortar authorized reseller , since I was willing to pay a bit more for the factory warranty -LRB- and Amazon charges NY sales tax anyway -RRB- . Big mistake.In the first six months of owning it , aside from running a bit fast , it looked great , felt solid , and had no problems . Then the date stopped flipping over - it would bind up between the numbers , and require manual adjustment every day.So , like the good little consumer that I am , I brought it into my authorized Tag Heuer dealer , warranty card in hand , and they sent it off to Switzerland . I get a phonecall about two weeks later saying that the top pusher for the date wheel was broken , and that Tag would not cover it under warranty , as I must have dropped or abused the watch . Meanwhile , I have babied this watch , and it looks as good as the day I bought it . Tag Heuer wanted $ 240 to replace what is likely a single , tiny part that should be covered under warranty anyway . I told them to go scratch , and am taking it to a friend 's jeweler , since it 's obviously not worth maintaining the Tag Heuer warranty anyway.I should have known better than to buy an LVMH product , as the company is so obviously evil . I was contemplating purchasing a Grand Carrera , but in light of this experience , I 'll probably get a Baume & Mercier instead . How Tag Heuer/LVMH has the gall to sell a `` luxury '' product that ca n't stand up to six months of intended use by a member of the intended demographic -LRB- young professional just starting to spend real money on timepieces -RRB- and then refuse to stand behind it is just beyond me . It 's almost as bad as when Mercedes tried to charge me $ 350 for an oil change .
 I purchased a $ 1800 watch from this company as a gift for christmas . My husband decided he rather have another style -LRB- MORE EXPENSIVE -RRB- I returned the watch to the company with in the allowed time frame only to be told that because the RMA number was not on the box they would not return the product . The product was returned Un used 2 days after Christmas . They would not listen to the fact that I wanted to exchange for a more expensive item all they were focused on is what they could not do for me and how I did not follow the directions . I am so displeased and now want to take my money else where . I am disputing my credit card and discourage anyone from giving money to this company !!! They are more focused on rules than pleasing a customer who wanted a simple exchange and to spend additional money . THERE LOSS !!
 The watch looks nice . But mine is about 1 min/day slower . I know automatic watch is not as accurate as quartz ones . But 1 min/day shows poor workmanship . TAG is all about marketing . I will not buy another TAG no matter how good it looks.Oh more , the bezel scratches easily.Update : My mistake in putting 1min/week slower . In fact it is 1min/DAY slower . Thanks one of the readers for pointing out.I found out if I manually wind the watch everyday , I lose only 30 seconds/day . But what 's the point of winding an automatic watch?But one benefit I got out of the watch is that it really improved my memory and arithmetic skills . I usually readjust the watch 7min faster every Sunday evening before I go to bed . Then everyday , I subtract a number of minute to get the accurate time . At the end of the week , the watch runs at the right time.See how creative you can get when you buy an expensive useless toy ?
 this watch have the looks of a serious diver ,50 atm , heavy , size , but the movement is not working well ... . stops if you are not wearing - cero power reserve . -
 I purchased this watch as a gift for my adult son . I have always had really good experiences with Timex . He did not want a really expensive watch , as this was for work . The watch quits constantly . He has changed the battery and did not help at all . You have to take it off and jar it 2-3 times to start it again . Not reliable at all . Very disappointed .
 Bought as a gift for my running daughter . Directions are challenging and she 's not thrilled with the color ...
 I loved the look of this watch . Unfortunately , black spots started appearing on the band in less than four months . Now , eight months after purchase , the band looks like I scribbled all over it with a marker . I certainly ca n't wear it for dress . It looks dirty . Very , very disappointed . I should have listened to last years ' reviewer who said the same thing happened . This is no fluke ; this is faulty material . Such a rip-off .
 I love the look of the Skagen watches , however , my watch is less than a year old and the crystal has already broken . I am very dissapointed because I have had many watches in my life and never had a crystal break until this watch . Also the copper color has rubbed off in areas .
 this is the second Skagen watch I purchased and the last one.Attractive , but there is always something wrong with the construction of the watch band or in this case the watch itself .
 The clasp on the watchband is unnecessarily fussy and difficult to open and close . Also , to tighten or loosen the watchband you will most likely need the aid of a jeweler .
 This is a beautiful watch but after having it for two weeks the watch broke , the minute hand just hung there and then the watch stopped ... after just two weeks ! I was able to return it for a full refund and as I was returning it I overheard the sales clerk say that was the second one to be returned recently for the same problem .
 This watch was a disappointment for what you pay for it . It is hard to read at an angle , the countdown timer you would use to start a race is difficult to use and nearly inaudible . The concept behind this watch is neat , it looks nice , but Suunto should update this product and stop selling this particular watch . For a simpler , more user friendly Suunto sailing watch I recommend the M3 .
 I have been sailing for some time now and received the watch as a long awaited sailing gift.It is a little big , but I got over that very quickly . I had the watch for about 9 months and was preparing for an ocean voyage . I was looking forward to the compass feature . Two days before the voyage the compass went crazy and has not worked since.The really annoying thing about the watch is the necessity to look `` directly '' into the face . If you look at an angle , you might see any array of numbers imaginable , fives are sixes or eighths , and ones become eleven . The date 9-15 becomes 8-16 . It is really maddening.I admit I have n't been back to the manufacture yet , but these problems should not occur to begin with.Be advised .
 I ca n't tell you how frustrated I am with this Yachtsman watch . I sail over 10,000 miles per year on average and really need to have a watch with the features that this Yachtsman provides . However , I can not afford to keep replacing watches and bands.I have owned THREE Yachtsman 's . One of these was a warranty replacement . I have four sailing friends who also bought Yachtsman because I owned one . Would you believe that all of us have had problems with this crappy watch?My third watch is now dead due to water leakage . Prior to that I have had the following problems with Yachtsman watches : * Multiple wrist band failures * Sticky buttons * LCD backlight out * Display turned black in sun light * Resetting by itself * Foggy display * Poor customer serviceI have purchased two Sunntos and I PROMISE YOU there will not be a third .
 Even though the manual says `` Yes , it is waterproof to a depth of 30 meters -LRB- 100ft -RRB- . Rain and other normal exposure to water will not effect its operation . You can swim wearing your wristop compouter . However , the wristop Computer is NOT a diving device . '' i dove to a depth of 50 ft -LRB- 15meters -RRB- and my Suunto Yachstsman completely died !! here is what Suunto said : From
 Difficult to use functions . Sequences are odd and not intuitive . Barometer and compass functions are imprecise . The last straw was the battery failure , and inability for a new battery to work reliably with this watch . It is now sitting dead on the shelf.Replaced it with a Citizen Eco-Drive Titanium Stars and Stripes -- well worth the difference . Now also using a Tissot Sailing Touch , really the ultimate for a luxury sailor 's timepiece .
 I purchased this watch becaise I travel frequently . Skagen used to be a brand that I could trust . When it arrived , it did not appear to be working . I tried to adjust the time , which was very difficult on this model . The watch still did not keep time . One face at first appeared to be somewhat accurate , although as it turns out , it starts and stops of its own accord . The other face seems to have a mind of its own , or at least a sense of time of its own . I am very disappointed by this product , and by the fact that it was not subject to quality assurance before it was shipped .
 The watch itself is what I wanted , but I had to pay nearly 25 % , on top of the price charged at checkout . The watch was classed as a ` gift ' from the seller , -LRB- not a purchase -RRB- , and as a result of this , there was a further custom and a delivery charge from the postal service.I chose this seller as he was the best value , but would have chosen another seller , from Britain , if I had have known of the extras charge.These should have been highlighted , before customer confirmed purchase.I have written to Amazon and the seller , with Amazon taking no responsibility , and silence from the seller .
 SKAGEN MEN 'S DUAL TIME WATCH ALL-SILVER 281LSSI purchased this for my Brother for his birthday . When he received the package , he did n't know who it was from or why he was receiving it . He returned it because he said it was n't his style , and he ordered watch that was more to his liking .
 One of the watch faces does not work at all and it never did . Have tried to deal with the manufacturer to find out the problem and fix it -LRB- and sundry others -RRB- but nobody replies to my emails . Not happy .
 This watch itself is a very good look casual dress watch.The only problem is that in the description from Amazon did n't mention about the battery life.On Skagen official website has clearly mention all Quartz watch has 3 year battery life.So in my case is when this watch arrived with only top dial has movement , the bottom one a has not movement at all.In this case I return it the same day . And request a replacement.Skagen Men 's 281LSS Dual-Time Mesh Watch
 The watch arrived with no movement at all . Not sure if the watch is ok or not . Then bring to the local watch store to find out that the batteries are all dead !!!! cheap vendor to cheap to install new batteries !!!! POS !!!
 I got this watch about 15 months ago , and it recently stopped working . I guess it lasted about as long as the battery did , which is not terribly impressive . The battery died , and I had it replaced , but the timekeeping function did n't start working again -LRB- the Indiglo still did though -RRB- . I 'm disappointed that the watch barely lasted past its warranty period , and since this has happened with the last 3 Timexes I 've bought , I wo n't be purchasing another one . It 's just not worth paying $ 30 every year for a new watch when I can buy another , more expensive brand and have it last 10 or more years .
 The watch looked great but the band was way too big . The instructions for removing the pins that hold the links in place are awful . After finally figuring it out I realized it would n't be worth paying a jeweler so I gave it a go . One hour later , following a badly scratched band with the pins only partially removed since they got stuck -LRB- no they were not bent -RRB- I achieved a high level of satisfaction by using a hammer to smash the thing to pieces . Timex ... you surely make one helluva a crappy watch these days . I bought a Fossil and am LOVING it !
 I have owned Timex for decades . My current , beloved Timex has reached the end of its time -LRB- no matter how often new batteries go in -RRB- , so I bought this one to replace it.First , I had to have a grown man smash the plastic holder that contained instructions.Then I read the instructions to have links removed to size it , which is surprising since I 've never had to do that . First myself & a friend in construction could not find a tool small enough . So I took it to a machine shop where they found special bits small enough to push out a microscopic screw in order to remove a link . HOURS later , 2 broken bits , and 3 grown men , still no screw removed . The instructions warn that they are intentionally difficult to remove , but this is absolutely ridiculous.So , there it sits , unreturnable without package and unwearable without an adjustment.Don ' t bother with this one .
 I WOULD LIKE TO RETURN THE WATCH BECAUSE I NOW HAVE THE ONE THAT I WANTED , I MISSED PLACE THE ORDER SHEET FOR THIS ITEM IF YOU WOULD PLEASE SEND ME ANOTHER ORDER FORM FOR THIS WATCH THEN I CAN RETURN IT.THANK YOUMS MARILYN TUCKER
 I received this watch for Christmas and was pleased with the overall style
 Like another reviewer , I had this watch less than 2months when the Indiglo feature stopped working , which was the reason I bought this particular watch in the first place . Guess I should send it to Timex to have them fix it while it 's still under warranty . It 's disappointing , I 've had other Indiglo watches that lasted for years .
 I was very disappointed . I purchased a watch simular to this one several years a go and hated when it finally played out . This one is misleading . Should be under mens watches it is so heavy . You ca n't adjust the strap unless you have a special tool to push the tiny pins out . I will have to take it to a jeweler if I decide to even wear the thing . Really really disappointed . Have always been a Timex lover but this one stinks !!!
 Timex Women 's T29271 Elevated Classics Dress Sport Chic Silver-Tone Bracelet Watch - felt cheap and was way to big for a woman 's hands . Resizing would have made it look silly for the number of links that needed to come out with the big clap underneath .
 I have had other Timex lighted watches that I liked very much . This one looks good but is way too big and I have a fairly large wrist . It also loses time . Very disappointing .
 they did not explain in the product description that it is NOT elastic or retractable band . Only fits a giant . Way too big .
 This was really a disappoinment because I love the look of this watch , and it seems so well-made . The first one started running sporadically after about a month and a half , then , it died . I 'd had the battery tested , and it was fine . Amazon told me it was too late to return it but that I should contact Timex . That was two months ago and I still have n't heard back . I liked the watch so much that I decided to try another one , and the second only worked a couple of days before doing the same thing . Well , that one did go back to Amazon in time . If I thought I 'd have any better luck , I 'd try for one more because it really is a pretty piece .
 We picked out this watch as a gift for my mom . Grew up respecting the Timex brand as solid and reliable . The watch stopped working with in 2 months . She took it to a local repair shop thinking the battery had run down . They said it 's was n't the battery and to look into the warranty situation with Timex . Turns out the Timex warranty is a hassle and a joke . I understand sending it back to be repaired or replaced -LRB- and to make sure there 's no abuse involved -RRB- but on top of that , they want a $ 8 check to cover return shipping . Hmm $ 8 ? I asked them if they could just send an return authorization -LRB- like many companies who back the products they sell -RRB- and was told `` If we did that for one person , we 'd have to do it for everyone and would n't stay in business . '' Does n't convey much confidence about this product or the way Timex conducts it 's business . Sorry to be negative but this sort of thing drives me nuts .
 The watch itself is a nice piece of jewelry for the price . However , the band is a mess . It comes as an extra large band . You need a special tool to remove the links . If you 're looking to buy the watch and wear it right away . Be prepared to make a visit to a jeweler and pay money for a band . I was so disappointed when I or my husband could n't remove the links . This is a warning .
 I bought this watch and its nice , but a little heavy . I think this is because it was not built with the latest technology .
 I 'm not particularly hard on my watches and I really liked wearing this one to work ... until it broke after only a couple weeks of use . Fell off my arm because a pin mysteriously disappeared . I had had it adjusted -LRB- removed 6 links - it 's a very large watch ! -RRB- but the pin that fell out was close to the face , not the clasp , so I doubt the adjustment had much to do with it.Perhaps it 's just a fluke , but I definitely would n't spend my money on it again !
 It 's a beautiful watch ... I like the look and feel . The indiglo is a nice feature . The date is a little screwy -LRB- you have to make sure it flips over at midnight and not noon -RRB- but a little fiddling and it works.I ca n't say too much about the watch , however , because it has BARELY WORKED in the 6 weeks that I 've owned it.These have obviously sat in the warehouse at Amazon for a long , long time . I received the first one and had to have the links professionally removed -LRB- $ 10 -RRB- to make it smaller . Shortly after that investment , the watch stopped . I sent it back to Amazon and they sent a prompt replacement , however with all the links in place . I waited a few days to see if the watch was working . It was . I paid to have the links removed AGAIN -LRB- $ 10 -RRB- . The watch stopped . I took it to a trustworthy jeweler , who determined that the battery had died . I paid to have the battery replaced -LRB- $ 16 -RRB- . No problems for 2 weeks , but I put it on one morning and the time was wrong . I changed the time . The next morning ... the watch stopped . I plan to write Timex and ask for the return box as another customer reported.Unfortunately , Timex , which used to be a trustworthy company , seems to have gone down hill . I 've owned several Timex Ironman running watches over the past two decades . Years ago , they would last 5 plus years . Now the bands break in 6 months . It 's a real shame .
 Little could we have told by the pictures , but the watch band does not have single-piece links . They have edges to them which come in contact with the wrist when in use . They scratched my wife 's arm up pretty bad . After three weeks , my wife could n't take it any longer and had to `` heal . `` Maybe it was only our experience.Other than that , the watch is priced right , glows beautifully when needed by pressing the crown , the shows beautifully for elegant functions or everyday use . Too bad for the `` ouch '' factor though ...
 Does not keep time . I bought for my daughters birthday and she tossed all the packaging so I ca n't return it .
 Suunto X-Lander serial number 99108024 . It took over a year , two shipments back to Finland , one at my full expense from New Zealand and at least ten requests by e.mail , to have my watch returned to me , still not repaired fully . And I am certainly not satisfied.Suunto offer Global Support . That , without any exaggeration , means they can receive e.mails from anywhere on the planet you can send one . Unfortunately it means nothing more than that . At all.To the watch itself . A really pleasant surprise from my wife . A great looking watch . That after six to seven days I started to question the clarity of the display . To try keep my complaint down to a short rant , the screen started to fade . The display was sketchy and rapidly worsened . It was winter in Vermont so nothing to do with exposure . Whilst in the UK I arranged for the free courier collection , back to Suunto . The alarm bells sounded when I explained to the courier company what I thought was an unusual request ' collect my watch from my house for repair under warranty ' '' not a problem sir , we get many of these every day '' What ?????! The watch was returned and around week six , the screen started to fade again . I contacted `` Global Service '' , but because I was now living in New Zealand they would not pay courier fees . For an unquestioned , faulty watch , still under warranty . Because I was not in the country the watch was purchased in . Which was online , from a store in the USA while my wife was in Antigua . If I may remind you , they took it back from the nearby UK!The e.mails went back and forth , and I kept my cool the entire time . Suunto offered me a new screen . Shipping at my cost . No assurance that it would not happen again . But up until the warranty runs out , I could send back , at my expense , as often as I liked . Well , that would n't be so bad . The watch fails on average every four weeks and shipping , repairs and return shipping mean I should only be sending the watch back four or five times a year . ` Well I will tell you what ' write Suunto , ' we will give you a `` Core '' model watch in exchange ' . Let me get this straight , you ca n't fix my watch with any assurance it will last but you will give me a watch with a lower retail value in exchange , hmmm , tempting ? But I have done some research online and about the only thing worse than owning a Suunto X-Lander is owning a Suunto Core ! What kind of compensation is that?The e.mails continued and it drew to a head when I wrote that Suunto stop acting in a poor manner and just sort out the watch . I do n't want too much , I just want to be able to tell the time while I am wearing it and not holding it up to my face . I failed to mention that if your watch has a very very small viewing angle , your likely in for a disappointment . Suunto said that they would repair my watch and make me happy . That probably only took six months and I have also added a warranty claim for the watch strap splitting on every hole punched in the strap while I have been waiting.The watch was returned . Suunto would n't correspond during the two months it took to receive the watch back . And just quietly , I actually hoped that it had been lost in shipping so that I could have the insurance instead . Unfortunately the watch showed up . The screen is a new model . But the watch strap remains split in five places . Suunto wo n't answer e.mails . Very mature Suunto . If I did n't have a fair warranty claim advise me ! Very very childish behavior from a corporation .
 I hope my experience with this particular watch is the exception , but I found absolutely nothing ` military ' grade about this watch
 Two Amazon 's statements about this product were absolutely misleading :1 . `` Usually ships in 24 hours '' . It actually took 1 week to ship it .2 . When I finally received the package it turned out that the watch did n't have `` leather band '' . The band was made of artificial materials -LRB- nylon and rubber -RRB- or something like that.I will have to return it .
 If you do n't mind a complicated watch , you may like this one . The face is very large but not very easy to see with its monochromatic coloring . Its lightweight for the size but I 'm sending this one back for a refund .
 I bought this watch and found it to be too big . Even though its smaller than earlier models it still takes up too much room on my wrist . Be sure you try one before ordering online .
 I have ordered this watch twice . Each time the wrong watch was sent . The basic silver model was sent in the black military box . Amazon would only refund purchase and not send the correct black military watch as ordered . DO NOT ORDER THIS WATCH ASSUMING YOU WILL GET THE BLACK MILITARY MODEL ... The used watch price of $ 225 was the selling point for me to buy this watch . Amazon has done nothing to correct this issue and still advertises the black military model for the $ 225 . YOU WILL NOT GET IT and have to waste time arguing with customer service ... I am an Amazon Prime member and have experienced good service until dealing with this watch ... If I could give negative star rating , I would still be pushing shift 8 .
 Fogs up in the shower . I do everything with my watch on ; but I must take it off when I take a shower ... WTF . I work in a marine environment -LRB- tugboats -RRB- and I am scared that Ill ruin the watch if I accidentally get it wet.I purchased this watch from Ebay ... and replaced the battery / battery door / strap . I do love the look of it and the features , but if I cant use it on the water its not very useful to me.I ended up getting a casio G shock Mudman with a Compass/Temp ... so Far its been great .
 The watch is huge , but the typeface is tiny . In fact , you 'll wish you had a magnifying glass when you need to look at p.m. or a.m. or read the barometer.Watchstrap is cheap looking . This is the most disappointing Suunto product ever . Might look into the Timex Helix . Does all the same things , with a larger typeface at a third of the price .
 I bought this watch because I wanted an altimeter but needed to return it because of its size . It is HUGE - looked like I had a clock on my wrist . Take into consideration .
 I wore it to the gym and office for a week and one of mode buttons fell off . I did not notice it falling off at the time so I assume I did not bump it hard and there was nomark on my wrist or on the watch other than the missing button . Military ???? I think not .
 I bought this watch thinking that I would have an accurate and trustable device . I do n't use it as my day by day watch , and have not use it more than 10 times . It has never been hit , I have n't dive with it -LRB- anything more than jumping on a swimming pool where I can stand up -RRB- . After this , I climb a volcano in Guatemala -LRB- the country were I live -RRB- , the volcano is no more than 3,500 meters and it gave me an altitude reading of 25,960 meters , definetely there was something wrong.I tried to calibrate the meter following the instructions on the manual , but it did n't work . After that I wrote an e-mail directly to SUUNTO and never got an answer . Finally , I decided to call the support number that is showed on their webpage and the answer that I get is that I should contact Amazon because the device was broken -LRB- without running one single test on it -RRB- . I spent $ 349 on a SUUNTO device because of the brand and its reputation , but now that I used it and it is broke -LRB- according to their techincal support , which did n't run any test on it -RRB- after no more than a few uses and with no reasson to be broke . Even if I hit it , you expect a very sturdy device when you see it and read the description . I 'm stuck with a very expensive device that ca n't do anything more than give you the time.They have very nice devices , but the service and support is completely unexistent . Think twice before buying one fo this devices , I think the reputation is not really deserved.I hope Amazon could help me to solve something with this guys .
 The strap is small for a woman and the date window needs to be maintained manually because it is just the date not the month . I do n't feel it was worth what I paid for it .
 From the original price I thought the watch would look much nicer than it does . I bought this watch as a gift and was very disappointed . I expected more from Timex also .
 I have owned this watch for 14 months . Purchased October 2010 . The first time , the indiglo feature broke within 2 months . I sent it in for Warranty Repair with an $ 8 Check for S&H. ; -LRB- IMHO , charging S&H ; for a warranty repair is lame -RRB- . I got it back , fixed.The indiglo feature broke AGAIN this week . Also I had to replace the band last week as it essentially fell apart , but I wear this watch every day . This is common for a cheapo leather strap so you ca n't hold that against Timex.I guess if you want a throw away watch and do n't care about the Indiglo feature , go ahead , buy.If you want something to last for years like I did , and you really did care about being able to tell time in the dark , move on!UPDATE -LRB- 6/20/12 -RRB-
 The stem broke within 4 weeks . The date can barely be read because it is so small . My last Timex lasted for years which is why I replaced it with another Timex , but the quality has definitely declined .
 The watch they sent me did n't work , and it was n't a battery problem so I could n't get it fixed . Big waste of money because I lost the receipt .
 This watch had 4 reviews when I bought it and they were mixed . I went ahead and bought this watch since it appeared decent for the price . But after 27 days of using it , I noticed that it started losing time . Thankfully it was within the 30 day return period and I 've returned it to amazon , and hope to get the refund.Bottomline
 This watch stopped keeping time after a couple of months . Changing the battery did not correct the problem . Timex will charge $ 7 - handling fee to replace under their warranty . Timex quality obvious not the same as what it once was . Very disappointing .
 This watch ceased keeping time approx . six weeks after purchase . On approx .11 / 26 I emailed Amazon for info regarding its return but have yet to hear back from them .
 I did not use the watch for about 60 days after purchase so I could not return it . When I did , it erratically stopped and started leaving me with a watch that does not keep time . My last Timex lasted over 10 years . Unfortunately , it appears that they no longer care about quality .
 This watch company needs to improve quality control . First watch I got did n't work properly and second watch did . First one was made in Japan and second one was made in Phillipines . So , Do n't know what to say but definite improvement needed .
 This watch broke a little after the 30 day return period . Basically the watch runs slow . The cost to fix it even under warranty by Timex is not worth it . Buy a better quality watch . It does look nice .
 I had a similar style of this watch that finally wore out . I got this to replace it . I had it for all of 2 weeks when I noticed that it seemed to be running slow . At first , I thought I did not set it correctly , but then I noticed it was loosing more and more time and that it was the watch . When I tried to return it , the seller - TimeOutlet - advised me that I had just missed their 21 day return policy and that for a mere $ 16.99 I could send it in and they would look at it . Phooey ! It is the first and only Timex that I have `` owned '' that did n't even come close to living up to the `` Takes a lick ` en and keeps on tick ` en '' moto . Also , shame on TimeOutlet .
 What a horrible watch ! I teach elementary school and I have no idea how a child who is learning how to tell time can possibly learn with this watch . Every time you move , the animation feature appears and the time disappears . I found it frustrating to tell the time even as an adult . I ca n't return them since I live overseas and I ca n't even give them away . They are trash for the landfill !
 The idea of the watch is wonderful , but the execution is , well ... , lame . This is primarily because it is hard to read in any light , and setting it is very difficult . It was inexpensive so I thought it would be fun for my daughter even if , as other reviews said , the animation was easily set off , but the fact that it is hard to read just about makes it useless .
 The watch is supposed to be water resistant , but it leaked the first time my daughter took it swimming . Now I have to spend $ 8.00 so Timex can decide whether or not to repair it under warranty . I will never buy another Timex product .
 The Pictures are misleading . The watch actually is really small and the animation feature super tacky .
 Unfortunately , the watch had taken a licking somewhere and was still ticking , but it was impossible to set the time and date . The watch stem was broken off and the watch was running . The rubber thing that was supposed to be in place to keep the watch from starting until you removed it was in the box also . I sent it back . Packaging was sufficient , the interior box that the watch was in was not damaged . Zero return problems . Amazon had me print out a return address form , gave me options on returning it and credited my account immediately . Great service from Amazon .
 I bought this watch as an EMT student so I would have a dependable watch to get vitals with . After 2 months of everyday use , it has developed 4 large scratches . I 've never had a watch face scratch this easily . I would not recommend this watch to anyone unless you plan on using it very gently .
 Bought this watch from Amazon about 5 months ago . After a few months the plastic case inlet part that holds the band pen broke . Since the cost to ship back to Timex and possibly the damage was my fault decided to buy the same watch again from Amazon . One week ago , the watch broke at the same place . Will not buy a Timex again because the housing is cheap made . The watch however keeps excellent time and has a nice look but for outdoors do not buy .
 The watch is very nice but the band runs very small . So if you have a smaller wrist you will love it . I will be sending the watch back .
 face is plastic and scratches very easy.The watch body is not stainless steel its plastic.The band has no leather , it is plastic and velcro , and very weak , wo n't last long.This watch is only correct in saying it is a timex , but a poor one at that , this watch gives the Timex company a bad name and I would rather have bought a cheap dimestore watch if I would have known about this watches shabby made materials !!!!!!!!!!!
 Broken lug after 1 week of normal wearing . The lug itself - part of the case - broke off in my sleep . No special activity ... The case is not covered by the warranty . See my pictures .
 This watch did not keep time correctly from the minute I got it . I returned it .
 I really like this watch for its functionality
 This is my 2nd of this model and both night lights failed.Changed the battery to no avail.Other than that , it is OK , very light weight , & keeps good time.I prefer watches with stem guards , not only to protect the stem but also to prevent it from rubbing and wearing on one 's pants pocket .
 To bad it did not work . I think it is a manufacturing problem that does not let the stem engage to turn the watch on , because if you press on the stem it operates . Great size for medium frame men , good face and case , and the military time is readable.Update
 This watch has a ticking sound , that I really do not like . I do not want to hear ticking . That was not enough for me to return it or even complain . However , now that this watch is no longer working , I am complaining about the ticking and durability of the watch . Specifically about the durability , the watch itself is very difficult to replace the battery . You pretty much have to drop it on the floor to replace the battery . There is no place to actually open the watch . My former Indiglo watch could be unscrewed using a Jewler 's watch tool . This watch does not work after replacing the battery . If I take off the back of the watch and hold the battery in place , then it works . However , without the pressure of my finger on the battery , it does not work . That is a problem - obviously . I can not replace the back cover and have the watch function properly . I am very willing to spend more on a watch to get at least the quality that I had previously with my former watch . I will be reading other people 's reviews carefully and looking for pictures to help me make this choice .
 First of all , this is the first watch I have bought on line-always have been in-store only . I was sent the wrong watch
 Amazon was previously selling this watch through a vendor , ` watches4u . ' I noticed this watch was selling at a very good price , cheaper than it is now just two days ago and I ordered it . Unfortunately , Amazon/Watches4U sent the wrong watch , a cloth banded , digital that sells for less than $ 20 . I called the Amazon customer service and received no help whatsoever . The rep could n't speak English and I think I was talking to someone in Calcutta some place.One glorious waste of time , energy , and money . I fault both Amazon and their vendor on this one !!! Just be wary of what you are ordering and from whom .
 I had always had good luck with Timex , but not with this watch , though . I found that the watch ran fast . It would gain about an hour over a 24 hr period.I returned it with no problem at all . Then , I bought a Casio Atomic watch from Amazon . It is doing great .
 watch is good , but it is a lot smaller than though . should be sold as a ladies watch . would never have bought it knowing what i received ...
 Got the Timex T40051 9J on July 11 , 2011 , stopped working on October 2 , 2011 . I like the look and the readibility of the watch , but 21/2 months - and broken - ridiulous . Called Timex - after all it has a one year warranty . You have to send them the watch with $ 8 for postage and handling , and then they say it takes about 4 weeks . Why should I have to pay $ 8 and wait 4 weeks when its THEIR fault ???? .
 I purchased this watch because I was looking for a simple analog watch that was easy to read in all lighting conditions -LRB- I often hike in late afternoons -RRB- . The item photo shown here , up to at least 14 Sept. ' 11 , showed the watch as having a white face and wide , black hands ; this looked like a great combination that would satisfy my requirement . But the watch I received had the white face but not the wide , black hands ; instead , the hands were narrow and had a cream-colored luminescent interior . So instead of being immediately visible in failing light , they were barely-visible thin outlines . Further , the luminescent strips were too narrow to be easily seen , and were entirely superfluous anyway , as the dial had the Timex Indiglo feature providing contrast.I do n't know on what basis Timex decided to change the older design of wide , black hands to the new one -LRB- itprobably involved economics -RRB- , but I consider the new configuration to be much less useful - by 80 % or so . All of the other possible sources - and I 've checked many - of this model watch that shows the older hands are also incorrect
 The watch is decent and works well . The watchband wore otu after a few months and is diffcult to replace . Most jewelers do n't carry this kind of band . I think I have to order one online , and pay postage . It kind of destroys the value of the watch .
 A month after I bought it , after wearing it about half a dozen times , it died completely . Adding insult to injury , Timex wanted $ 7 -LRB- + the cost of sending it to them -RRB- to repair or replace it under the warranty . I realize that a Timex is not exactly a top-quality timepiece , but this is really shabby quality , and making a customer pay for warranty service after a month is really infuriating . I do n't think I 'll be buying anything else from Timex . Ever .
 I like the looks of the Timex sport watches and have had a few and found them to be sub par , even at the low price . In my case , the backs came off.I have Casios of similar vintage and type and style and have had no problems .
 I bought this watch because it said Case Diameter 41mm . Its not that size at all . It 's not what I expected from a seller at Amazon to do.When I bought the Dakota Black field watch I got the large size.The watches size is a kids watch.I am very very upset over this purchase . I just wanted a large face watch which is simple to use .
 First , let me say that I love the design of this watch . I have owned versions of this Timex for years . This most recent purchase , however , has been somewhat disappointing . Within a month of the purchase the digital portion of the watch stopped working . At least I assume it was the digital portion of the watch - in fact I ca n't get the indiglo to work either . None of the buttons work . The analog portion is fine - the analog watch keeps time very well . I 'm not sure what to do at this point , though . I 'm considering returning it .
 It looked nice when I opened the package . I got one with a dead battery and it has been in a drawer since . When I bought it the price was almost double it is now . I was very disappointed .
 for the price i can say that the watch is just ok ... on average it looks nice -LRB- good design -RRB- ... but surely it didnt meet my expectations ... why ? - the glass was partially scratched already on arrival ... - the indiglo backlight doesnt cover all of the watch area , with a small area being left out which indeed disturbs . . - the strap could have been of better quality - looks and feels cheap ...
 I 've written two books on computers and the Web and personally taught more than 10,000 people how to use computers . I could * not * decipher the inscrutable instruction sheet that came with this watch . Before you buy this watch -LRB- or any Timex ! -RRB- go to the Timex website and read the PDF version of the watch 's instruction sheet . I 'm sticking with Casio from now on .
 Bought this because of the military time and indiglo features for my student nurse activities . Less than three months and it just stopped working . I do n't have time to try and find out why . VERY , very , very disappointed .
 About one day a month it looses time -LRB- 3 ' to 30 ' -RRB- when I take it off and am sleeping . Other days it keeps perfect time . It 's a little annoying to have to check it every morning to see that it 's correct .
 After one day , I noticed the watch came to a stop every few hours . Also the Indiglo did not work correctly , it flickered . I did not return it , as I had already discarded the packaging.But this particular Timex watch is junk !
 I took this watch into the Caribbean , and in the course of a week it simply ceased to function . I was not diving , just body surfing in shore break and I am not used to devices as fragile as this . There is no visual damage to the device , it just appears to handle water exposure terribly
 This watch was a christmas gift to me . It has all the functionality I want in a watch
 This watch is not `` Midsize '' . It is much larger than any midsize that you might imagine . Watches should be described in terms of diameter or length/width and shown in context with a person 's arm .
 This is the second watch of this model I have owned . The first one lasted 5 years . It would have lasted longer but was accidentally broken by something no watch would survive . I have also owned Swiss Army watches . In my opinion , this watch is as good , actually has better features -LRB- indiglow -RRB- and is a fraction of the cost .
 The time is ok but the date does not work . We have tried everything but it changes to the next day within hours . I purchased this watch as a gift for my husband and I am sorry I did . BB West .
 Wrong wrist size for this watch.Maybe the watch was just fine .
 The watch was lovely . It needed to sit in the sunlight for a few days before it started working but that 's what those Eco Drive watches need to do . The deal was terrific , and even though the gift ended up being returned for something different , my experience with the company was very positive - emails were replied to quickly and customer service was very helpful . Definitely would recommend Amazon and the company to anyone looking for a Citizen watch .
 This watch is gloss black . The photo looks mat grey . I notified Amazon of this by email and they sent me a second watch -LRB- why i will never know -RRB- and then tried to bill me for it . Then I had to spend more time working with Amazon on the phone to get mailing lables to send the second watch back . In the end I ended up with the original ugly gloss black watch . I will never use Amazon again .
 Amazon shipped wrong color casing watch in this style ... sent black casing instead of brushed steel ... sent back ... still awaiting reimbursement . .
 I bought this watch at a Timex store a few months ago for a travel time piece . Within a week or two I dropped it on a soft surface and the rear metal case cove popped open ! I brought to the store and the clerk was trying to blame me . I finally told him I have had watches that have been through wars and have never had the rear case pop off . He finally have me the new watch same model , though he treated me like I was stupid.I happen to be in the ` business ' , so I doubt this is the case . Two weeks later I had my watch off sitting on the drier . It fell 4 feet onto a rug , and you guessed it , the rear case cover popped off . It was lucky I had a witness for the first incident . The salesman actually pressed the rear case cover back on and dropped it on the floor and gave it back to me , telling me it did n't pop off . no refund of course for faulty design . So I ponied up another pile of dosh for a Timex T49618 , screw in rear case cover good for 200 meters . No surprises after 24 hrs ...
 When I got it in the mail , I loved it . It looks great and fit wonderful . However , the time `` slows '' down every week . I thought maybe I turned the knob or something , but it does it every week . It 's not bad , only an hour behind but it is a pain in the butt to have to fix it every week .
 This is way too small for a men 's watch , both the face and the band -- the band would n't even go around my wrist . I think this must be a women 's watch mislabled . Nice looking , but I sure ca n't use it -- I 'm going to have to return it !
 I ordered this watch and I got a woman 's watch . The model number was the same . I do n't know if there was a mix up , but what I got was definitely not a men 's watch . Luckily Amazon has a great return policy .
 This is not a man 's watch . I used to own the larger version and this is NOT it . It is a great watch if you are looking for something with a smallish band and face .
 Initially , I was pleased with the watch - nice clean design , easy to ready , great at night . Just what I was looking for in the way of a casual watch . Unfortunately it stopped working after only 6 months . Battery is fine , but the movement died . Timex watches used to last for years and years ; not so anymore . After adding up the costs for the warranty repair fee , shipping , and insurance , I 'm thinking I 'll just buy a new watch . Only it wo n't be a Timex this time . The price is right if you do n't mind taking a gamble , but you might want to think twice before purchasing this one .
 I am a man who has been looking for quite awhile to find a masculine looking watch that was proportioned for my scrawny wrist . This slightly smaller version of the men 's watch of the same name works for me . It 's a very sturdy watch with that handy indiglo feature , too . I did n't give it 5 stars because the date is really too small and , for me at least , the light has to be just right to read it . Overall , I 'm very happy with it . UPDATE
 Timex Women 's Metal Field Expedition Watch #T 47042One of the reasons I bought this watch was because it supposedly had an eight year battery life . In less than 90 days the watch quit working ! I assume it is the battery as I reset the time several times ; however each time , the watch worked for a few hours , to just a few minutes . I am really dissappointed with this product . This watch worked for less than 3 months . I 'd originally really liked the watch , the look , the fit , etc. , and by the time I became accustomed to it , it quit working . I did receive the watch in record time ; however a watch that does n't work is useless . Apparently there is absolutely no warrenty on this product and if there was I imagine the box it came in and other packing materials would have to be included which , of course , I threw out after I started wearing the watch . I live in the Baja and ca n't buy another battery for this watch , not that I should have to with the eight years of battery life - HA ! Very dissapointed to buy an item through Amazon with absolutely no warranty . Bad Watch !
 Watch was nice , just did not have the date display listed in the description . That made me wary of how old it was so I returned it . I can get the watch with the calendar function I wanted somewhere else for a less than $ 0.50 more .
 I love Timex and have been wearing them my whole life ! This watch , however , disappointed me . It is much too small for a women 's watch ... The band , the face , everything about it . I returned it and got something else , also by Timex , with which I am much happier .
 I bought several of these watches because I am a woman who does not want a frilly watch with diamonds around it or a danty watch . This watch was just the right size , not too huge or really tiny , and the look was sporty . I have owned 3 of these now and am disappointed in quality . They genuinely keep good time , but the light that illuminates the time goes within a year of purchase . The band and battery only last a year as well and the band is hard to find to replace . I had a Timex when I was a kid and it lasted years . Quality has gone downhill . This is why I will never buy a Timex again . Spend $ 50 more and get a good watch .
 I bought two of these watches -LRB- partly due to my interest in steampunk -RRB- , one for my blind friend , and one for myself . I have n't asked my friend how well his is working out , but mine was never bashed , banged , dropped , etc.After a few weeks , I realized that it does n't keep time very well at all , and the digital part , failed entirely . I have n't gotten around to complaining to the seller about it , yet , because it upsets me every time I think about it . I 'll have to spend at least $ 150 to replace it with a quality timepiece , but at least I 'll have peace of mind.I just noticed , Amazon suggests `` full metal alchemist '' as a tag . It is n't this watch , and it 's only a toy for children . Weird .
 love the looks of this watch but the band fell apart less than a year after i bought it . i will try to have it fixed but fear it will just happen again due to the poor design .
 I bought a watch from Amazon a year or so ago . The offer said something like people who bought this watch also bought the Pulsar Women 's Swarvski Crystal Watch . So I bought it becuase I like the first watch quiet a bit . But the second watch is a disapointment . Neither the band nor the watch seem to be of the same high quality as the first watch .
 This is such a beautiful watch , I fell in love with it as soon as I got it . But unfortunately I had to return it because before the end of the day , it was already off time and would not keep time no matter how many times I set it . I took it to have the battery looked at and they said the watch was fine . So I asked for a replacement from Amazon and the next one I got had a huge gash in the back , looking like someone tried to open the back with a screwdriver and messed up horribly . So it 's a beautiful watch , but buyers beware !
 The Battery of the watch was DOA , and I will replace battery
 When I first received this watch I wore it and it occassionally would stop so I replaced the battery thinking that would solve the problem . It has n't solved the problem and the watch continues to occassionally stop . I have n't returned it because we are in the process of moving and I do n't have the time and no longer have the receipt .
 I spent almost an hour trying to adjust the band . My brother-in-law -LRB- an engineer -RRB- finally figured that out . Now I have spent more than four more hours trying to set up the watch and it still is n't right . I can not correlate the poorly written instructions to the four buttons on the watch . I think they tried to do too many things for too little money with this watch . Maybe the technology will become more `` user-friendly '' in the future but at the moment I 'm ready to trash the watch and go back to a wind-up . Only buy this watch if you really enjoy a challenge or prefer to know the time in Japan -LRB- the default location -RRB- instead of your own location .
 1 week after I got the watch it stopped working = -LRB-
 I purchased this watch over 4 years ago and I have probably worn it twice . The colore was not as described and the face is much too small , I think even for a much younger woman ! The leather on the band is very nice though , but does n't matter much if its in my watch box !
 I purchased this watch for my grandaughter . Upon receiving it , I tried it on my small wrist and the band was too short . . the clasps did not even meet . When the gift was opened by my grandaughter , the same thing happened . We measured the band . It was only 6 inches , including the clasp ! I was planning to return it , but the paperwork said there was a hefty `` restocking fee '' and I was obligated to pay the postage . Instead , I took it to a jewelry repair shop and they are trying to obtain some matching Pulsar links . I was told by the jeweler that some links had been removed prior to my receiving the watch ! This is the first time I have been disappointed at an Amazon purchase . In this case , I am forced to conclude that I was sent a second-hand watch , instead of a new one . This is the last time I purchase a watch on this site .
 The item sent to me does not appear to be the item in the picture . The face is raised like a bubble and the band does not look the same as the picture either . I should have returned the item .
 At the beginning this watch was the best Timex I have had in a long time . It does keep time , the buckle assembly is great and the number are nice and big , BUT , After about 2 weeks of wearing it everyday , the design on the band began to peel off . It went from black and grey swirly to solid black , to black and cream . It looks like crap , but it still works good . It make a good work watch , but thats about it .
 The watch pictured is very pretty , so that is why I ordered it . That is not what I received . I received a watch with a band that can only be described as ` brightly multicolored ' . It 's not ivory , or bone , or beige . What I got was a cranberry-reddish watch band with pebbly blueish-pinkish raised up spots , resembling a small crocodile pattern . Color , texture , all WRONG !
 I have a Breitling Aerospace . A beautiful watch and a very expensive watch . It has been nothing but trouble . The battery which is supposed to last 4 years , died in 2 years . Then when we sent it in for a new battery , the watch was in such bad shape it required a complete overhaul . This took 6 weeks . Finally my watch was returned with a long list of everything they replaced . They even replaced the hands of the watch ! It ran fine , then 8 weeks later the face filled with moisture . I never shower with it , or swim with it . So back it goes to Breitling . They tell me after doing a complete overhaul 8 weeks ago , that now the stem is leaking and it needs another overhaul.This will take another 6 - 8 weeks . I called and spoke directly with Breitling and told them any product that fails twice in 8 weeks , is a lemon , please give me a new watch.They told me that I should be happy that they are repairing it at no charge.I am very dissapointed in how Breitling does not stand behind their product . I showed them the entire history of repairs and asked if all their watches required major overhaules every few months . They said they I should not worry , that IF the watch broke down a 3rd time , they would still repair it under the warranty.Nice looking watch , but be very careful , Breitling is not a company that puts the customer first , in my experieince .
 My wife gave me a Rolex , and I swapped it for this watch because I wanted an alarm and electronic features . The watch is cool looking , and very light . But after a year , managing all the functions with a single spin of the stem is tedious and trickly . Plus the bezel has already jammed , which cost me $ 50 to have fixed . The dealer said that was n't covered under warranty . Another thing I do n't like is there is no second hand .
 The watch worked for half a year for me and one day it just stopped . It was not damaged , and it had plenty of sun in Iraq . There is no alarm on the watch , and the back light is hard to see the digital numbers at night . Yes there is a small box on the watch that displays digital info .
 I bought this last year at Wal-Mart on clearance , just weeks later . The inside became cloudy and full of condescendation . Therefore , this watch is n't even water resistent when giving your kid a Bath . Luckily , I kept the receipt for a full refund , but would never buy this again .
 I really have to ask myself one thing - if buying this watch is the answer - what is the question ? Sure - it has a gold case . And it keeps time . From a quality standpoint it is acceptable . But really - what are we doing here ? For $ 2000 plus , you can buy a REALLY NICE watch with a genuine swiss MECHANICAL movement - brand new . Something to pass down to the next generation . Or even better - you can buy an EXCELLENT genuine antique watch - American or European - with a gold case - in near mint condition . I 'm sorry - but in terms of value received for the money compared to other options - this just does not seem like a good idea to me .
 The watch feels nice . Fit my wrist well and looked good . Unfortunately , the chronograph on this watch is not built as durably as the rest , and it failed on me . Luckily , this was fast enough for me to get my money back . If you think you will be using the arm that the watch is on to do things , I would n't buy this watch .
 This is a great watch however I bought two so far and both have quickly shown wear by the plating coming off ...
 With in 14 months of owning this watch it stopped due to solar chip failure . Fortunately it was under warranty . I treat my watches with a lot of care / stewardship and for this to happen so soon is not good . Then the same thing happened to my Largo eco drive after owning it for 10 months . If they never act up again I will be happy to change my reviews on them . The funny thing is I have a 1st year eco drive that has stayed working now for over 4 years ... YAY . It is a plain strait forward time piece with out any of the complications or the perpetual calender features of the other 2 I have . Maybe that difference is why this happened ? I hope your experience with these watches is better .
 i brought this watch in december for gift , and the person has use it only several week and the crown -LRB- the black and red part from the top -RRB- of the watch has fall apart . very bad product .
 When I saw this watch on line , I thought it would be perfect , small , stylish , simple . However after ordering and receiving it , I was quite disappointed . The case depth is quite thick for a small watch , and the metal looks very inexpensive . The strap is so thin , instead of looking delicate , it seems out of proportion with the thick round case of the watch itself . I 'm glad that those who wrote the other reviews liked their purchase , but I wanted to share a different perspective . I returned it . For those looking for a small , modestly priced timex watch , I 'd go with the Cavatina line -LRB- the smaller version -RRB- which is much finer looking in person.Timex Women 's T2M566 Cavatina Gold-Tone Case Black Leather White Dial Watch
 This watch is pretty but it 's so small that it looks like it 's made for a child , not an adult . I think there is a fine line between delicate and childish , and this definitely veers more into the childish realm than the delicate .
 Watch did n't work when I received it and it was a Christmas present for my Mom . I took it to the jewelers to get battery changed and it still would n't work . I notified Amazon and asked for a replacement watch and they made it very simple to return the watch . I 'm waiting for the replacement watch to show up . Hope it works ! Very seldom receive anything defective from Amazon .
 Vibrates fine.Alarm is fine.But I want it to vibrate me every 20 minutes.You have to set 20 minutes in the countdown timer and then it goes to 0 . Then you have to painfully set 20 minutes again . You ca n't even hit start again.Vibralite 3 does this and even automatically restarts but unfortunately it was n't clear for Vibralite 2 .
 This item just arrived yesterday and I am very disappionted.The watchband is very rigid , rather uncomfortable , and bites or digs into any loose skin one may have on their wrist ; over time I could imagine it becoming more supple , but it is made of cheap ` sneaker sole ' rubber so I doubt it.The vibrating alarm is not very strong , and the duration is only 20 seconds . Although there are two alarms that could be set to go off a minute or two apart I found that if the watch is worn too tightly or too loosely the vibrations seems to get dampened . My comforter , with the watch worn loosely , seemed to absorb most of the vibration.This item may be good if used for medication reminders or some other use for the waking hours , but it is by no means an alarm clock , -LRB- placing an old cell phone under the covers would be more effective -RRB- and I would suggest expecting to invest in a new band if it is to be worn for any length of time.Unfortunately I purchased this item through a ` sponsored link ' -LRB- eseasongear.com -RRB- and not an Amazon vendor . I failed to read the ` terms and conditions ' which state that any opened item is not returnable . I guess I need to be more careful with whom I do business in the future , and to remember BUYER BEWARE ...
 Yes it will hold you watches , but the pouch on the inside has 1 necklace of mine and the interior is stripping off . Ive only had it for 1 week . I would not recommend this product .
 i bought it this christmas as a gift for a close friend . . she liked it very much coz it really looks nice but in less than a month , this friend emailed me saying that she needs to buy a new battery for the watch i gave her bec it bogged down , which embarrases me coz she was using it for like less than 3 weeks!now she thought it might be the batteries . . we do n't know yet the cause of it bogging down but i 'm thinking of returning it so it can be replaced . . maybe you guys could check first little details like those so as not to have customers be discouraged of purchasing from you again .
 It stopped working within a month . The battery is good , according to my jeweler . Aargh !
 i really like the design and style of the watch , it looks great , unfortunately , it stopped working about a week after i got it , i purchased a new battery for it and it still doesnt work .
 I ordered this watch , and came since I opened with a defective crown , could not fix date , I do not believe Breitling will make this mistake after their quality control , this people are selling Chinese replicas , the watch came without international warranty card neither chronometer cerificate , the box is chinese made and the cover came apart , it was glued , I had to send it back , having the confidence it was being refunded , BUT NOT it was shipped back repaired , maybe at a back street watch repair store in N.Y NOT a NEW ONE was sent , since I removed a paper cover on the bracelet , was not elligible for refund , who could imagine that a breitling , coming from this five star GENERAL , store , is selling replicas at prices of originals , amazon claim was filled and they are on their side , BECAUSE A PAPER WAS REMOVED FROM THE BRACELET !!! , I am dissapointed and abused from amazon , and Jomashop , .
 This watch is not as appears in this image provided ! It is a base titanium watch and is brown / gunmetal in colour . The dial itself is black at most angles . The image presented has been altered to look a lot brighter than the watch actually is .
 I purchased this as a gift for my wife . It showed up , it looks great , and a few days after it arrived , before I had a chance to give it to her , it stopped working . I am less than impressed .
 never wwill i buy any thing from amazon or its sellers . amazon does not t monitor there sellers closley enough for one . wanting to return the product , no such luck they will not return emails or phone calls . got stuck with something that i change my mind on after seeing .
 Product specifications for this watch indicate it is resistant to 50M . I ordered this watch and found that the manual shows that this watch is ONLY water resistant . When I went to return this watch , I found that I would only recieve a refund of $ 5 , less $ 9 for shipping , making this watch a $ 4 watch . I gave it to my 4 yr old . It was not worth returning .
 This watch looks great in the online picture but once I received it . Ewww . It 's very small and I have a small wrist to begin with . The face of it curves up from the center . I sent it back .
 I love the look of this watch so much that I bought it twice , and it 's broken twice ! The first time I bought it the indiglo gave out in about 10 months . I thought it was a fluke , so I asked for another one for Christmas . But low and behold by September the indiglo in my new model had quit again . It does n't seem to be a battery problem as it keeps time fine . I 'm giving up my timex addiction for this Christmas and getting something which has hands that glow in the dark on their own .
 I know delivery through UPS has nothing to do you with you guys but they only made one attempt to my home before they left it in the post office . I had to make a trip on a Saturday to finally retrieve it.Also , the picture of the watch that you asked me to review IS NOT the watch I ordered . I received the correct one but after holding my breath when opening the box because the wrong product was shown on my screen.I realize that you have nothing to do with the links in the watch either but I could n't remove the links on my own and had to take it to a jeweler and pay 10 dollars for it to fit my wrist.I will continue to use Amazon but will think twice about ordering any type of jewelry .
 I ended up having to give this watch to my husband -LRB- I bought it for myself -RRB- . The face of the watch is what I expected , but the band is huge and I must have spent about an hour trying to adjust it , which was virtually impossible . I gave the watch to my husband - the band was too large for him -LRB- and he is six feet tall and medium build -RRB- ! Being mechanically inclined , my husband also tried diligently to adjust the band , to no avail . So , overall the purchase was a waste of money due to the Fort Knox-like nature of the -LRB- non -RRB- `` adjustable '' band .
 Nice looking watch . My wife wore it for 18 months . She loved it , but it broke . Took it to a reputable repair shop and they said it ca n't be fixed . I have been wearing Timex 's for years . Never had one break so quickly .
 Presented to my wife and she was happy to see bracelet watch . fits perfectly and no hassle in using this . Good for gifts to dear ones .11 / 20/12 - Watch is dead stopped working . Strap lost its sheen . Purchased based on product review -LRB- battery will last for 10 years -RRB- and Brand -LRB- Timex -RRB- . But i am feeling bad for buying this . Gifted item gone wrong reflects bad on me . I never expected this ... Beware before buying this watch .
 I wanted to love this watch and I do think it is very attractive but , it is so huge that it went half way up my arm in the clasped position.I would have removed links , but the screws are so small , a gnat would have to do it with a gnat sized screwdriver ! Some took theirs to a jeweler -LRB- I guess they have gnat sized screwdrivers -RRB- , but why should I pay even more to own this watch ? So , I have no choice but to return it . Why could n't they make it easier to remove links when they design them and why did they use King Kong 's wrist to size the band ?
 This is a really pretty watch but i needed to remove two links even though I have large hands . It is literally impossible to remove these myself ! I wish I had read all reviews for purchase but I trusted the Timex name . Now I will have to pay a jeweler to remove the links which seems silly to do for a watch in this price range !
 I 'm very disappointed that the watch is so heavy . Also the band is very large on my wrist and it is not easy to take out the links to adjust it smaller . I will need to pay someone to do this , since my husband said it needed special tools . I thought I could just slide it up my wrist but it unlatches instead . I like the easy to read face , date and the Indiglo Night Light features . I do hope it does not cost to much to fix the band and that I can get used to the heavier watch . I 'm a Timex owner for over 40 years but next time I will just shop at a store and try it on !
 The watch was a birthday present for my mother . The watch perfectly fine but the battery lasted about 10 days . Now I need to have the battery replaced already .
 I thought the watch would fit anyone . It does not fit me , much too large . There are directions with it on removing links to make it fit and the directions say they have perpossly made it difficult . IT IS IMPOSSIBLE !!! Maybe if I took it to a Jewelry Store they could fix it but it would maybe cost more than the watch is worth . I thought the watch was an expansion band . It looked like one in the picture . This has sure turned me off from Amazon and gift cards .
 This thing hung as loose on my wrist as if it were sized for a gorilla . It felt heavy and clunky . If you have a slender wrist I do not recommend it .
 I loved the light on this watch to check the time in the night . It quit working about a month ago . I replaced the battery about a month ago , and the light worked for another week , then stopped again . The watch looks nice , but now it is out of warranty , and I could continue wearing it , but it is useless to me at night .
 Bought at a store , thankfully because I 've had to take it back three times because it has not worked . Three batteries later it still does not work . I love the look and feel of the watch , now if only it would work .
 Its a pretty watch , but I can not remove the extra links . Instructions are difficult to understand , other than it is meant to be difficult to do . I hesitate to go to a watch repair place and spend as much money as the watch cost .
 The bulova watches are really good quality , but when a got this one it seemed that they took the watch that they were showing to everybodie in the store traing to sell it . The watch came full of stripes , so it made me fell that was not brand new
 I bought this watch from Amazon for a Christmas gift , needless to say it arrived with scratches on it as if it were worn for years . I would be very careful in buying jewelry from Amazon in the future . I could not believe it when I opened the box and you have to wait almost 14 days to get a refund ... even more disappointing ...
 When I opened the product it had lots of scratches , I would n't recommend this watch to anyone . It looks like it has been used , if I would have wanted a used watch I could have bought it at craigslist , this is ridiculous . I 'm very disappointed with amazon .
 When I received the watch it had several scratches on the band . In addition , the watch looked very cheap ... not at all the way it appeared in pictures . Overall I was very disappointed with the watch and I returned it for a refund .
 I like this watch and bought it for my bf for christmas gift.I do have some concerns when reading the previous review knowing therecould be some used watch with some scratches.When I received mine , it did has alot of scratches on the band and it did n'tlook like a new one.So i decided to return it !
 I really did love this watch before it broke . It looks great and catches everybody 's eye while remaining casual . I wore it every day and never took it off . Although it claims to be waterproof , I noticed after wearing it in the shower and swimming for several months , it started to get some condensation under the crystal . The internal parts rusted and it will never work again . It would cost more to fix the watch than to buy a new one .
 I have been very disappointed with the performance of this watch . I have had the piece for 3 years and it has broken as many time . The latest problem is two of the rings for the chronograph dials have come loose from the face and tangled the arms . I think you can do much better for the price , I wo n't be buying a Bulova time piece again .
 i ont know what it looks like cause i order this watch and never got it i call send messages and never got an answer they took my money and i never got my watch i dont know who to blame but i 'm very upset
 Nice watch . Too bad the chronograph on the one I ordered broke after 51/2 weeks -LRB- with just normal wear/use -RRB- . Not recommended for those who want a watch that works .
 I really enjoyed the watch and received lots of compliments on how it looks until it just stopped working . I thought the battery was dead until the watch repair shop exmined the watch carefully ran a few tests with their equipment . They said `` it 's not worth repairing . It 's dead , and would cost too much to repair . You 're better off buying another one . '' I 'll never buy from this dealer or from Bulova again .
 This watch does not hold time corectly , it keeps going ahead by 3mins in a 2 day period . I will keep my Casio G-Shock Solar over this watch . I am very disappointed with Bulova they been around since 1875 .
 I 'm just now getting around to doing reviews on my Amazon purchases and am glad to air my thoughts on this one . I bought this Bulova watch for my husband for our 10th anniversary -LRB- hence the 10 diamond hour markers -RRB- in November of 2007 . While the watch is beautiful and Bulova is a good watch company -LRB- I wear a Bulova watch myself which works great -RRB- , whoever sold this to us -LRB- I forget from whom it was bought -RRB- , I would not trust the third-party seller for ANYTHING . The watch was dead when we received it 2-1/2 years ago . We thought it was just the battery so had a new one put in . -LRB- NOTE
 This watch is very pretty , however , I had to return it.The face was hard to read , the catch was very tight , almost impossible to open and although the information claimed it had removable links to adjust the length of the bracelet , my husband and I were unable to see how to do that .
 My husband bought this watch for me for my birthday i love it it is a very atractive watch three months after i got it it acquired some moisture on the inside and the face started to fog up and now its not keeping time . Its a real shame because i really like the watch and it says its water proof .
 I ordered this watch for my husband 's 40th birthday thinking it would be a beautiful gift for such an important birthday . I had read the review that the picture was enhanced but did not think it would be SO enhanced !! The face of the watch looks white in the online picture , which is what I wanted . This is not the case , the face is actually silver . I did NOT like the way the watch looked with the silver back . It made it look much cheaper than in the online picture . The same review mentioned the diamonds are much smaller than they appear in the picture . THIS IS EXACTLY THE TRUTH ! They are TINY ! They were much smaller than I imagined . I would suggest they take better pictures of their prodocts so that it is not so misleading . I returned the watch today and will be getting a full refund . Now I have to find something else to get my husband that will not arrive on time since I will have to wait for the processing time and `` product inspection '' before I get my refund . However , the customer service was excellent and the return process was very easy ! Just BEWARE when you order this watch !!!
 WARNING ... i own a Nike Triax C6 watch and guess what Nike told me when i tried to get it fixed ... `` Sorry we 've stopped manufacturing spare parts for Nike Watches '' ...
 As soon as I took this watch out of the box , I knew there was something wrong with the clasp . A clasp seems like a pretty simple thing , but the design here was too fancy by far . When I took it to my watchmaker , to have a few links dropped out , he too commented that it was a strange , poor design.Sure enough , it became unclasped 15 minutes later while I was driving -LRB- not exactly tough use -RRB- . Unfortunately , Bulova is n't the same dependable watch it was ten or more years ago , this company is routinely churning out low quality products.Just in case you 're in love with the face and thinking of changing the clasp on your own , you should know that the second hand is not in the traditional place -LRB- large sweeping hand -RRB- it 's the little dial at the six o'clock possition .
 This is a nice watch . However , when it came to me it appeared to have been a returned watch . There was not even a typical clear safety tape to protect the face of the watch . To say I was disappointed was an understatement . I would have recommended the watch if the presentation when I received it would have been better .
 This is One of my favorite watches . Had one several years ago and lost it . Finally found it on amazon for half price and had to have it again . I got it in new condition , but the small hand was not aligning with the correct number on the hour . Had to pay an extra $ 80 to recalibrate a brand new watch . Good now but paid an extra $ 80 .
 I bought this watch and it is beautiful but it did n't work ! Amazon was so helpful I am going to try another one . After a while on the phone ... . they refunded my money and are letting me get another one before I sent the nonworking watch back . I really love the look and feel of this watch so I am willing to try again ... I have never been more impressed with customer service . I could n't believe how they worked with me . . just goes to show if you are nice to people when you have a problem , they are generally willing to help . I give Amazon five stars for customer service .
 I bought for my girlfriend and she liked it , but honestly , do n`t seems a Bulova watch . I already bought another models and was better than this .
 Timex advertised the iControl as a crown set watch . That 's the only iControl part that was easily for my grandfather to set . The alarm and other functions required 4 buttons to set up and is very hard for someone who has hard time with digital stuff anyways.The seller 's RETURN is stated after you drill down several web pages . Be aware that there 's a $ 9.95 restocking fee if the watch is not to your liking . You might as well pay the full retail price at the big-box stores and get the privilage of returning the watch for a full refund .
 A solid , high quality watch ruined by a stupid bracelet clasp of questionable sizing . There are only 2 clasp adjustment holes to choose from , so there is virtually no fine adjustment of bracelet size . Do n't expect the watch to fit your wrist very well because adjustment via metal link removal is coarse.If the clasp was bigger , I 'd give this watch a rating of 5 stars.Also , there are n't any replacement bracelets that are compatible with this series .
 Time to reiterate
 I may have overlooked it in the description but I expected the background of the watch to be black as it shows in the picture . It 's gray . It 's hard to see any contrast with the hands . I 'm disappointed in that one feature since the picture clearly shows a black face .
 Watch is very small for a men 's watch . This was misleading in the information provided , and there was no indication the watch was small -- basically the size of a women 's watch .
 It 's a good looking watch , the Indiglo illumination works well , and it 's accurate . The band is terrible ; too heavy & thick and started to fray after a couple months of use making it even more difficult to get on and off . Also , this watch has a loud tick , once a second . I literally can hear the thing when my watch hand is resting on the steering wheel of my car while driving down the highway . Call me high strung , but I do n't wear it any more because of this .
 this watch although it looks sturdy and like a great watch , I bought it because of the way it looked in the picture . The strap looks like it is all black with brown stitching . It is not , it is black in the middle and cocoa brown on the leather . the face of the watch looks like it is black too . It is not . Some of the reviews said that the face was grey . I would have been happy with grey . It is not black or grey it is a kaki green . I am very dissapointed . I bought it for a valentines gift because my boyfriend likes black much more than he likes brown . But unfortunatley I do n't have time to return it so he will just have to be happy with this one . But the seller really ought to change the picture . It is false adverting .
 I bought this because I wanted a simple durable analog watch . I had Timex watches as a kid and they never broke . I had one of these for a month and it completely stopped working . The replacement has lasted about 6 months until it stopped working intermittently and the indiglo light stop working all together .
 My brother has an Expedition that is a little larger than a quarter in diameter . I figured this must be `` midsized '' since there is also a 40091 that does n't say midsize . The T40091 I got seems full size to me and is much larger than my brother 's . I see other reviews for a different mid-size model that say they were disapointed the watch was too small ... I want the smaller size ! Either I 'm missing something or Amazon needs to more clearly list the size . Timex puts the model on a sticker which comes off with time -LRB- takes a lickin ' , still tickin ' , no product ID -RRB- so I have no way to tell what model my brother has .
 When I received the watch I could not buckle the strap so I returned it with an explanation . I bought the same watch elsewhere and discovered that it had not been assembled corectly .
 The band is very short compared to other watches I use . The band barely catches the outermost hole and is very stiff and has cracked already . The face does not have as much contrast as I expected
 It appears in the photo to be black in color on the face and band . It is not . The face is light gray and the band is dark brown . My son liked it anyways , but I was disappointed .
 My watch stopped and the company did n't provide an international warranty . the customer said the watch has to be shipped back to the company and i have to cover the cost both ways . very bad service .
 I ordered a Bulova Watch -LRB- Ladies -RRB- w / a diamond Bezel . The watch I recievedhad no diamonds & as of this date I still do not have the correct order .
 I bought this watch as an anniversary gift for my husband . . This watch looks fantastic but is POOR quality for the price you are paying . In the first week of wearing it , my husband took our son to the pool not taking it off due to it being water resistant ... Water leaked in and destroyed this watch in seconds . Very disappointing for the Bulova brand . Needless to say we are now dealing with Bulova warranty .
 My first lasted 8 years in every environment . I loved it ! Until my son took a hammer to it.So I bought the watch above . No doubt this is a pretty watch , but I brought it in the pool once and its had water in it ever since . The interior is ruined.I thought it was just condensation but theres clearly a problem with it.Resist up to 100 meters huh . They need to take Marine out of the name .
 I received this watch yesterday and the crystal has cracked and fallen off the face . I am VERY disappointed . The crystal is not flush with the face it is raised , which makes the crystal vulnerable to damage . Over the years , I 've bought many Fossil watches -LRB- 5 -RRB- and have NEVER had a problem like this . Unfortunately , the watch is not covered for this type of damage , so I 'm out the cash after less than 24 hrs of use .
 Product looks old and worn . Why do they try to fool people into buying these foolish things . Why cant they be as honest as possible . Anyway DO NOT BUY
 I bought this watch two months ago , a real nice watch at a good price from a respected brand , until it fell from my wrist to a table , a real short distance but the cristal cracked , now i ca n't wear it and its guaranteed for only 30 days
 hey i have ordered for a new watch but the piece is like old one , metal strap is not looking new i thought of returning it but i had no time as i was going out of country and i ordered it as a gift for my frnd.The watch is real looking old
 I usually find GREAT deals on Amazon , but ... I was extremely disappointed with this purchase . The watch price was wonderful , but when I received it their was so much tarnish it looked used . Thank goodness I did ` nt send it directly to the recipient . I quickly returned this product and will use more caution in my future purchases .
 nice watch , but it says they are real diamonds , but they are crystals ! I ca n't believe they would lie to customers . I will not shop online again . It really pisses me off .
 I received this watch with the entire closure clasp missing on the watchband and no way to close it and wear it ... also the watch was not running and I guess I was supposed to pay another five dollars locally to have a battery put in it too ... very very disappointed . . returned it for credit to amazon . . and it is taking MONTHS to go thru their system and get credited so I can buy something else ... I will think long and hard before I purchase items from amazon again that are n't books or music items ... sigh !
 I 've purchased this watch a month ago and although it 's nice the battery died already . Very dissapointed ...
 The Theorema watch that I bought for my wife 's 2005 Christmas from Old World Collection , Trias in Germany , was over two months late when I received . On 18 April 2006 , approximately three months after receipt , the watch has stopped working .
 The description says `` High-quality materials - high-grade steel , sapphire , and hardened mineral glass add to the traditional precision associated with German manufacturing . `` I almost bought this watch until I realized that the crystal is NOT sapphire ! Buyer beware ! While the seller is n't outright lying , I 'd feel much more comfortable with a seller that is n't trying to mislead me ...
 I bought it without reading any reviews . Once I received it I tried to find out what I had bought . The 1st shocking thing I realized was that 90 % are negative reviews ; the 2nd was that the watch was not accurate at all -LRB- a delay of 4 minutes a day ! -RRB- . I sent it to the watchmaker and lucky me it 's now less than 1 minute a day fast!The design is very nice . That 's was the reason I bought it at 1st glance and that 's also the reason for taking the time and make this review.Is the watch worthless ? No . Not on my opinion . I am still disappointed that was not originally fine tuned at the factory
 bought the watch for my husband for his first fathers day . The watch came without a box , warrenty or instructions and was broken . Company refuned money ... was literally a waste of time !
 The face on the watch is like a gold mirror , contrary to what the picture looks like . The part of the band you can see in the picture is turned permanently in a curved position so the watch will not lay flat on a table when you take it off . The band feels like cheap plastic . I was very disappointed with it . Do n't waste your money .
 poor customer service with hidden policies.amazon had misleading description of item with extended warranty that was not honored by invicta.amazon offered special $ 30 savings w / visa card from them ... they then recanted the offer when i returned the watch and was made to pay them the hidden fee policy ... never again
 Is a really disappoint to me . I bought this watch and the reason that makes me to take this choise was the color !!! i thought that it was black , even it looks like a mate black , but really is not black , is brown !!! and in some parts you could see the stainless steel in its real color . I think that it is a cheat for the costumer . Please show the product like it really is !!!
 This watch is light and functional.However , the band -LRB- to watch face -RRB- attachment is not !!! It will pop off , and there is no way to re-attach it.In fact , you must send it back , which I did , and was imformedthat they ca n't fix it , it has to be replaced.Timex will charge you for the replacement.Seriously ... do n't buy this type watch.Anything you see from Timex that attaches this way is defective.They must love getting them returned so frequently.Sad design and poor Customer Service on these .
 I bought this watch 3 months ago . Today I noticed that the plastic band has detached from the timepiece . The band is not your normal band it is integrated into the watch through small plastic attachments . Once detached you can not reattach . The watch is now useless . Do not buy this watch .
 There is very little contrast between the digits and face of the watch , which makes reading the time very difficult in normal lighting . The contrast at night is only helpful when you press the button to illuminate the digits via the Indiglo function - somewhat difficult to do when running . It 's too bad there is n't a setting to turn on the Indiglo for an extended period , e.g. for 60 minutes , which would allow a runner to take advantage of the lighting without having to fumble for the button in full stride .
 I love this type of watch as the features and styling are perfect , so decided to go for the black background . But unless you do n't mind stopping to read the display when you 're out running , on your bike or in the pool this definitely is n't for triathletes !
 Four black side buttons have a mushy feel to them . The night light function stopped working after less than 3 months . I like the watch in other respects but I can see the other buttons failing soon .
 I bought this watch -LRB- TIMEX WOMEN 'S WATCH/T5G341 -RRB- to help me when I went to Europe where I would be traveling through several time zones . It did not perform . It is difficult to set to any other zone than the one which was on it when I bought it -LRB- NYC -RRB- . When I went to re-check what the description said where I bought it , I could not find anything which resembled this watch or had any model or style model which I had expected to find on either my invoice or the watch itself . Watch out for fake watches . This one makes me feel as if I have been taken to the cleaners - but only for $ 35 . sigh . I just happened to stumble across the fact that I had bought it though Amazon and was able to check my order history to find it again . Good luck finding a decent women 's radio controlled watch . I ca n't .
 This watch did n't work . The company did issue me a USPS mailing label so that I could return it . I sure was disappointed . Looks like a good watch when they work .
 So my first clue should have been when I took it out of the box I had no display . `` Well shoot '' , I have to replace the battery . What a drag . But hey , I 'm a handy kinda soul . `` I 'll just pop out grab a battery and I 'm all set '' . I had noticed that the instructions recommended taking it too a jewler but hey , how hard can it be . Right . The only way to take the back pannel off was to take off one of the wrist band supports , but with the panel off and a fair amount of fumbling , I was able to change the battery although the mysterious `` reset '' button I never could find and the instructions did n't say anything about the secret location of this mysterious button might be . Get the band back on and I 'm good to go , right ? Right ? After my first hour of fiddling with it I knew it was not going to be nearly so simple . 3 hours latter , success at last . Now I can finally wear my new watch . Well , I can wear it but the timming function does n't work and the `` Indiglo '' does n't work , but hey , I can wear it . So why not return it ? Well , I have so many scratches on it now from trying to get the friggin ' band back on , it is no longer in the pristine condition Amazon wants for a return . But the little * $ @ ^ !? * @ # * is on .
 I must have gotten a dud as this watch does not change time automatically . Went to Guatemala in July and traveled from NC to Houston to Guatemala and never once did the watch change time zones . Had to do it manually . Huge disappointment .
 Great concept for a watch but poorly executed in production . After a little more than a year , the indiglo no longer works , one end of the band is ripped off -LRB- the band started deteriorating within a few months -RRB- , and one of the plastic ends where the band loops through broke off . No , I was not abusing the watch - but plastic and poorly sewn cheap products have a tendency to deteriorate fast . That said , the main part of the watch works well -LRB- except for the indiglo which I really wanted ! -RRB- , I like the different functions , and believe the concept of a velcro wristband is a great idea -LRB- I have small wrists -RRB- . I would like to give this a higher rating but because of the poor materials and construction , it will have to be 2 stars , and I would NOT recommend this to anyone who would like a watch to last at least two years !
 Watch works great , however watch band broke after 3 months and you can not replace band .
 I bought this beautiful looking Timex watch for my brother in March 2007 . After just one month in use , it would stop working for days at a time and start up again . This intermittent service has made this watch quite useless . I have given one star for its looks and nothing else . I will not recommend and will definitely not buy another Timex .
 If you have an arm like a trucker , you will be pleased . However , if you have slender wrists like my wife does , then do n't even consider this one . I thought she was kidding until I tried it on myself and the wrist strap was even too big for ME!This one 's in our mailbox right now waiting for the mailman for its return to Amazon.The `` indiglo '' light is cool though ... thus the one star .
 This is a nice looking watch , but if you want a reliable time piece , then this is not the watch for you . It worked great for a few months and then died . I replaced the battery and it still does n't work right . It will keep time sometimes for a few seconds or even a few hours , but then the hands just stop . I 've owned many Timex watches and never had problems like this . I would caution against buying this watch .
 I was very disappointed to see that the day and date dials do not work on this watch . It is stuck between Tues and Wed on the 5th . Local dealer would have been easier to exchange .
 I give this watch a very low rating because the Amazon page gives the impression this would be a good , inexpensive , functional dress watch
 The IDEA of this watch is great
 The watch served it 's purpose until the alarm stem fell out two weeks after putting into service.The vibrations are not very bold so it probably would n't wake you up .
 The watch is pretty heavy and the face is very big -LRB- not the numbers -RRB- . I wanted my husband to have a vibrating watch alarm to wake him up in the morning without disturbing me . He says the watch only vibrates at night not in the morning . So that must mean it does not wake him up or something is not set up correctly . All he has done is complain about the watch . I wish i did not buy it .
 This thing is like almost half an inch thick ! If you remember the old G-Shock watches from the 80 's ; this is bigger and heavier , but way less durable -- my first one broke the second day I had it -- . The biggest downfall of this watch is that the timer is very unreliable , mainly because if you bend your wrist a little it pushes in the timer and turns it off . For me , this happened more often then not , and found myself constantly frustrated that the watch did n't serve its intended purpose.I hope somebody will one day make a series of light-weight , well designed , attractive standard clock face , vibrating reminder watches ... but until they do , I 'm just going to buy an ugly digital vibraLITE and keep it in my pocket .
 I did not care for the watch . It arrived in a damaged box and it did not have any directions . I figured out how to work it on my own . The vibration was weak and a unreliable . Too easy to accidentally hit the button disabling the alarm . I had a VibraLite for seven -LRB- 7 -RRB- years . It is a much better product .
 I have this watch , and there are a few things I do n't like about it .1 . I got it for the vibrating alarm , which works fine . Unfortunately , it 's off by 3 hours . If I set it for 7 am , it goes off at 3 am ! I can adapt , but it 's an annoyance . Also people should be aware that if its set for a particular time it will go off at that time every 12 hours , not every 24.2 . The watch weights a ton . Why should a watch weigh so much ? Its big and bulky and feels like its made of solid lead .3 . The ring that takes up about half the landscape of the face and looks like a compass has no purpose , as far as I can tell.Maybe I can return this thing .
 I love using this watch and I love that you can turn the digital display on and off . It has all the functions I want and none that I do n't . This is definitely the best blend of tasteful and sporty I could find for the money . It goes with any kind of attire.Unfortunately , it has a fatal flaw . The band is disintegrating and I can no longer wear it . The band is a soft rubber - actually a really nice matte texture . But it started tearing near a bend point at the clasp . Since then , I lost the race between new tears and my tape and glue repairs . It lasted me about 18 months until that started happening . If only the band was made out of a lasting material , I would have kept this for many years . Curse you Timex !! If anyone figured out a way to hack the band with something that lasts , please post a follow up . I loved it while it lasted ... . For the low cost , maybe I 'll replace it every 18 months . -LRB- This is my second watch from Timex and they have each lasted me about this long . Maybe that tells us something . Timex , are you listening ? Good . -RRB-
 I like the watch . I like the huge digital display . I like having the analog dial -LRB- I am old school -RRB- . I like indiglo . I like the easy dual time zone swap . I like the ease of setting the time.If only they had a replaceable band ... or a better one . -LRB- like the new stainless model sold here on amazon -RRB- My first band died at about 10 months ... first the little strap that keeps the band in place broke off ... yes broke the plastic turned brittle and it shattered.The band itself broke off at the buckle part within a month . -LRB- I even used a rubber band to keep the strap secure till that point -RRB- . I tried to get a replacement band ... no dice.Luckily it was under warrantee ... so I sent it back , and they sent me a refurbished watch that looked new.Well here I am again ... 11 months later that retainer strap became brittle and broke off ... and the band is showing cracks near the buckle area . So within the month this band will break off also ... but it is out of warrantee now ... I did not use this watch in chlorine or salt water . I did not expose the band to any kind of chemicals -LRB- fuel , cleaners etc -RRB- ... unless my skin is dangerous ... the band is simply faulty.I will get the stainless one next ... hopefully THAT one does n't fall apart .
 I 've owned it for a few months . The crystal scratches easily . Mine has a dozen or more serious scratches which makes the face hard to read . Not a good buy .
 The watch itself is great but after only a year the band starting tearing in muliple places until it completely broke apart ... and not from extreme use - I work in an office setting and am by no means an `` ironman '' . The band is permanently connected to the watch so there is no option of replacing the band . Very disappointing . I 've tried superglueing it but I have to re-glue every month or so . If you are going to go with an Ironman watch go with one that has either a replaceable band or one of different design .
 Purchased this watch in Jan. of 2007 . It is now Aug. 2008 and the band has already broken . The design of the watch prevents a new band to replace it , so I am stuck purchasing a whole new watch . This watch was n't worn in hard environments and not daily . Disappointed in the short life span . Would not recommend .
 Following the instructions , three of us could not get the digital time to ever set . Then the website was a bit misleading in that it says it 's good for a DEPTH of 100 meters . We searched Amazon for a `` dive watch '' and this watch came up . Once we got it , the instructions state not for diving . What good is 100 meters DEPTH if you 're not DIVING to that DEPTH ? NOT A DIVE WATCH . Am returning product .
 I had this watch only for few daysPros
 Looks great . Was scared away by accounts of the band only lasting a year or so . Would have been my first choice .
 never had trouble with timex , til now . digital read out is hard to read with hands and label located at 9 on the face of the watch . then 6 months into owning the screen has gone blank .
 Those of you giving this watch a 5 will soon regret it . When the band wears out and you ca n't replace it without paying around $ 25 , you will see that durability and design trumps beauty and elegance . Timex has taken the consumer on this one - forcing us to pay them a yearly stipend or get a new watch .
 I loved the watch
 I 've noticed that lots of the reviewers have only owned the watch for a couple of months to weeks . I 've owned my watch for over a year . I LOVE the watch but I HATE the band . It has already broken TWICE . I took it to a watch repair place and the guy told me it was impossible to fix the band because it is integrated into the watch itself . Thus I actually have duct tape keeping the band together -LRB- along with some staples -RRB- . I could go online and order a total band which a jewelrer can replace , but that will cost almost as much as a new watch . So I am giving the watch a one star rating just because the band is useless . I think a lot of people will change their mind about their watch once the band breaks . They make a total metal band and I will go with that the next time around . As I said above , I love the watch itself for its features and ability to display both analog and digital time simultaneously . ** Update - after 11/2 years and returning the watch to TIMEX to fix the band - the band broke AGAIN after only 6 more months . After that I had enough , I threw away the watch and bought another one -LRB- metal band -RRB- . I am so frustated because I did love the watch but just HATED that useless band !
 I am training for my third marathon and recently purchased an Ironman Dual-Tech watch . I specifically wanted a watch with both analog and digital clocks . The analog watch does not keep time at all . It would fall behind the digital clock pretty quickly until it would stop all together . I have recently seen several reviews where this is common with this watch . I wish I had seen them before-hand . I ca n't believe Timex ca n't make a dual watch that performs properly . I have not looked at the other features because the watch is a complete waste for me without the analog .
 Owned for less than two years and band now cracking . It has been a great watch with the indigo function as my favorite aspect of the watch !
 Pros
 I picked this item because I liked the price , the looks , and the brand . Unfortunately only after two months , it stopped running . I took it to a jeweler who looked it and told me that it was not the battery . but something else . Even though I got a year 's warranty , I could n't find it , and so I had to throw the watch away . A shame . I know these things do happen , but never to a Timex watch . Next time I will be careful to save the warranty .
 I 've owned 3 Ironman watches for about a year each -LRB- I 'm not a quick learner ! -RRB- . Although all 3 were treated well -LRB- few scratches on any of them -RRB- , the posts that connect the strap to the timepiece broke on each one after a year 's use . The Ironman seems well constructed but if it is used for any sports -LRB- hiking and kayaking in my case -RRB- , it does n't last long . The watch wo n't stay `` in '' the strap with a broken post . I 'm a very disappointed customer and do not recommend buying a Timex Ironman .
 Seems like a good watch . All the right features and easy to use . Two problems . First was moisture under the glass after a swim merely 4 months since purchasing . The other problem is minor , but the gloss on the purple finish is starting to chip away and make it look a little rough around the edges . It does have a warranty , but you have to pay for shipping there and include $ 7 for return shipping .
 I have owned 2 of these watches ... I bought the second one hoping that the first one I owned was just a dud . This watch is great at first . I love the colors and the sleek design of it . However , after a few months of wear , the band pulls away from the actual watch part . The second one I purchased did the same thing . I even tried super gluing it back together . I was so dissapointed because I really really wanted to love this watch :-LRB- Unfortunately , do n't waste your money on this watch until they change the design .
 Like many reviews have mentioned - the strap peels off from the watch after a few months of wearing it . I bought this as a gift for my mom and she really liked the design , look , and function . She does n't swim but maybe just showers with the watch on . Less than a year later , she showed me that the strap is coming off . I tried contacting Timex about this but got no response . In regular use of her active lifestyle the watch did n't last long . It 's too bad because all other designs of sporty Timex watches that I 've had before are much more durable.So yes , it 's a nice watch , but do n't expect it to last . With that , I do n't think it 's worth the money , even the sale price .
 This is my third Timex Ironman Triathlon watch and I should have learned my lesson . The strap falls apart in less than a year of very mild use -LRB- never even exposing it to water -RRB- . This is the third time the strap glue of one of these watches has failed , thus making it impossible to wear . I would NOT recommend this product and the Timex company should stand behind their watches - they refuse to accept defections other than for the clock function itself . A definite rip off .
 I have had this watch for only 3 months and it is already broken . I went to use the light function the other night and it does n't work anymore . I saw the light flicker then die like a regular light bulb so now I ca n't see the time at night anymore . I am super frustrated because I loved the watch , but had expected it to last longer .
 I 've owned many Ironman watches in the past - knowing that each will eventually have the plastic wristband break - but I love them anyway so replace as needed . This watch however did not live up to previous Ironman watches - I wore it on vacation in the hotel pool and it started to fog up - then we took a trip to the waterpark and it got so waterlogged it did n't work . Eventually it dried out enough to function -LRB- no light feature though -RRB- but the water and fog on the inside are so bad that I can hardly see the time.Good news - Amazon has amazing service - returned as damaged and will try a different style Ironman instead . I am sure Timex would have also taken it back since they have great service too . So , although it is a hassle to return , I knew when it got damaged that I could send it back with no complaints from Amazon or Timex.PS - I decided not get another `` sleek strap '' Ironman for two reasons
 I received this watch as a gift . Within less than a year , the buttons fell off the watch , and then the watch band adhesive loosened and the band fell off as well . It appears that this kind of rubbery watch band is not designed to last . I contacted the Timex company , but since it was outside of the one year warranty , they refused to replace it .
 The watch is only two months old and the band has already detached from the watch . Unfortunately this is not a repairable issue , and the watch is now not useable . Great watch other than that . . but ...
 I bought this after having several Ironman watches with the expectation that it would be a solid watch for a few years to come . After the second time taking it to the swimming pool the watch leaked and stopped working . It looks like others have had similar problems . Not sure if it is the design of this particular model that is the problem or not . I will admit that for the price you do n't expect miracles but if something is labeled Ironman you expect that you can take it swimming , running and biking without a second thought .
 I 'm afraid I find this watch far too complicated . I wanted to be able to recall more intervals than my previous watch handled , but do n't care about storage of multiple workouts , and now when I finish the workout I have a hard time recalling the splits . If I mistakenly press `` Start '' too early , I have no idea how to reset it quickly and start it again , so the whole workout is a complete blank . At first I thought being able to set more than one interval timer was a great idea , but it took so long -LRB- and would be impossible to do in the dark , as is pretty much everything else -RRB- that I am committed to 3 mins. , 1 min . intervals and would never be able to change it at my speedwork class when presented with a different workout ! Very disappointing .
 Do n't Bother - Avoid the InsanityI have had my heart broken by too many of these styles of ironman watch . The watch itself is Good , but the wristband does not last longer than a year . Then you are stuck with a watch that works but is un-wearable because there is no way to replace this type of band . NO Band Available.I know because I have 5 watches -LRB- so obviously I liked the watch mechanism -RRB- - At first I thought it was just a fluke that the wristbands broke . But I finally remembered - a definition of insanity is repeating the same action over and over and expecting different results.Now some of my watches are still ticking away in a drawer because there are No replacement wrist bands . It does n't matter how great the watch is - if you ca n't wear it .
 I typed in `` Heart Rate Monitor Watches for Women '' . This popped up and looked cute and had high ratings . My fault for not researching more before I ordered I guess . But after getting it and trying to use it , I realized there is no HRM function . UGH , returned it .
 This watch is decent enough as just a watch , but if you really want to use it to help you train , it 's pretty awful . Setting the timer , laps , etc. is awkward , takes too much time , and just is n't practical as you 're running .
 I too have now owned two of these watches and both have fallen apart in less than a year . The band comes loose from the face of the watch and its non-repairable . With the second watch I was very careful about not having it underwater much -LRB- even tho its waterproof -RRB- thinking that might increase its life but no luck .
 I have been a devoted Timex fan for 15 + years . I am on my SECOND watch of this model . The first lasted for about 6 months before the watch part broke away from the band , my current one lasted for 1 MONTH before this same thing happend ! I can still use it just snap it back into place but I have almost lost the watch part NUMEROUS times ! One time in particular I was on a run and keeping track of my miles via the lap button on the Chrono , on my first mile I pressed the button to log the mile and the watch part popped out and I lost it in my layers of jacket and gloves . I found it of course but added time to my run and had to just carry the watch by itself.Let me say that I LOVE the interval timers and having the capability of 3 alarms and 2 time zones those alone made me buy my second one , I could n't find another watch on the market that had those features . I have now foundWomens Soleus 10K Chronograph 30 lap Mid Watches -LRB- they have the same features and more -RRB- you may pay $ 10 more , but get the same features and hopefully a longer life out of your watch !
 The band on this watch separates from the watch face along the sides and is a bad design . I would have given this watch 5 stars had it not been for the fact that I have owned it less than 6 months and it just wo n't stay together . The band is all one piece and surrounds the outside of the watch by going up both sides and around the four side buttons . The band stretches a little over time and then wo n't hold . I wear a watch like this all the time , so I may wear it more than some of you might , but I am going to try and find another watch now as Timex does n't warranty their poor band design . I gave it 2 stars because the watch portion is awesome , but that does n't do me any good if I ca n't wear it !
 I received this watch right before I was heading out of town for a several week long trip . The watch seemed great at first , but I soon found that it leaked when it got wet . This caused moisture to gather under the screen making it near impossible to read the time . Since I was on a trip , I was n't able to return the watch at that time . As the trip continued , the Indiglo feature of the watch stop working.Overall , I was very disappointed with the quality of this product as I have had many other Timex Ironman Triathlon watches and never had any problems.To make matters worse , by the time my trip ended and I returned home it was too late to return the item . So now I am stuck with a watch that leaks and does n't light up ...
 It states 100 ft water resistance . However , it wo n't work for a 3-foot swimming pool . Wo n't buy any Timex product . Period .
 This watch looks really nice and has most of the functions that I need , however it did n't even last a year . The strap started breaking where the push buttons were . Inside the strap are little protruding pieces of plastic that hold the strap in . One of them broke off inside the hole where it fits in , and then one by one , the others started breaking as well . Of course , once the strap breaks , it 's no longer water proof . It lasted about 6 months before it started to break down , and then it took another 3 months before the whole thing fell apart . I definitely would not recommend this product . I 'll give it 1 star for lasting 6 months and another for being a fashion statement .
 I have owned two of these watches . Same as others ... looks great ... BUT ... began leaking w/in 7 months . First one had issues with color fading and peeling . Definitely more of a disposable model !
 It was horrible ! Wore it in water one time and it filled with water and never cleared up . It is a triathlon training watch meant to be worn in the water !
 Initially , I really liked this watch . It 's comfortable , does everything I need , and worked well in the pool . But ... after a few months , one of the plastic pads on the main function button fell off , leaving the metal pin underneath exposed , but still working.After a few more months , all 4 pads fell off , leaving 4 exposed pins that would catch on everything and gave me a few nasty scratches . When the battery died , I took the watch to a watch shop to have the battery replaced . Since I swim , I wanted a knowledgeable person to replace the battery to keep the watch waterproof . Well , after the seal was broken , all the functions stopped working , audible alarms , stopwatch , timer , and light . Only the time still functioned . Then I took a trip to a river with my family . Even though I was n't submerged , just playing in the water , the face developed condensation and the next day everything died . The watch is inexpensive , but I sure expect it to last longer than the life of the battery .
 I 've had this watch for only 4 months and the band is already falling apart . The gray strap is coming loose from the watch face in all for corners . The indiglo button stopped working about a month ago too . I love the ease of use of the watch ... chrono , timer and interval timers are all very easy to set up , but the durability is awful !!
 I purchased this water as an open water swimmer . The first time I used I the lens filled with water and timex is n't helpful when reporting a defective product . I even read the instructions and did n't push any of the buttons while underwater . Very disappointed in the watch , it might wok for some but mine was defective .
 I do not believe Timex understands the term `` IronMan '' . My wife did have this for 5 years . She did use it about 4 months before 1 marathon a year for 5 years . One year was 2 marathons . My wife is a small petite thing.Changing the battery was a humongous pain in the butt ! Had to install and take out ~ 5 times due to challenges with screen and such after battery inserted and tightened up . Do n't believe it ever really tightened up as it should . Not used in water , shower , etc.Great size and ability for the price.Just not an IronMan type quality . Maybe ` PrettyGoodMan '' quality?Would not buy again .
 Worked fine for the first 6 months . Then the prong that hold the watch face into the band broke . Just a cheap piece of plastic . now watch is useless .
 we have had 2 of these and both flooded with water . good luck if your race involves being in the water . do n't let this watch touch the water if you want it to continue to work
 Not sure exactly when I purchased this watch , but it was definitely within the last 12 months . It 's nice-looking and comfortable . The face and buttons have shown a little wear , but nothing that really mattered ... until the band separated from the watch face . For what this thing cost , it would be nice if it could go a few years without falling apart for absolutely no reason . It has NEVER been underwater and has never gotten snagged on anything or otherwise damaged.Of course I no longer have proof of purchase . If you buy this watch , make sure you save your receipt .
 I have been wearing Ironman watches since the 80s . I never had a problem with them until this purchase . I have gone through 4 watches - all of these watches leaked within 3 to 4 months - the last one just in the shower and not in the pool . My previous watches lasted 7-10 years and only lost their water resistence due to a battery change . I am very disappointed in the New Timex Quality and warn to not buy this watch if you actually expect it to be water resistent !
 My Timex FLIX froze up yesterday . It was a great watch for the last 6 weeks . Three weeks after the expiration of the return policy , this watch has frozen up on the chronograph view . I will try a new battery . If that works then I maintain it is a good watch . It not then I got ripped off . I have worn Iron Man watches for most of my life . The is the first one that I did n't beat into submission . It apparently croaked on its own . If it is the battery then why did that battery have such a short life ? It was only $ 40 so I will just look for another running watch .
 I really enjoy this watch . I use it to time my work-outs , and running.I 've only used it briefly , and when I picked it up , one side of the band just fell off!It 's a tight fit to get it back on , and the watch case appears to be some plastic material . Ca n't get the pin holding the band back in , and I just keep scratching the case.Ended up buying a nylon strap band for $ 8 , and that works fine . This is kind of a `` classy '' Sport watch and the new band does n't look too good.I do like the watch .
 I 've had this watch for over a year and it has worked great . Two weeks ago I went bodysurfing in San Diego and noticed the display was fading . The next day it was dead . I opened it up and there were no signs of any sea water getting into it . I replaced the battery and now only the bottom half of the display is visible . What gives ? So much for the Ironman status .
 After 5-months this watch is crapping out . These watches normally will last 3 or 4 years , so I probably just got a lemon . I would like to return it because it 's still under warranty , but the return policy for this is not worth the trouble . They may or may not replace it or fix it , and you 'll have to send them $ 7 with the watch just to see what happens . The other thing that bothers me , which is just a personal preference , is that the date is on the bottom of the display instead of the top .
 INSTRUCTIONS DIFFICULT TO FOLLOW WHILE WORKING WITH WATCH.BUTTON ENTREES LOCATED UNDER GLASS HARD TO SEE.THOUGHT PRODUCT DESCRIPTION A BIT MISLEADING -- EXPECTED AUTOMATIC TIME UPDATES
 Timex Men 's T5E231 Ironman 100-Lap WatchTimex Men 's T5E231 Ironman 100-Lap WatchAt first the watch seemed to be what I was looking for and worked fine . I did read reviews prior to purchasing . Overall , the reviews seemed to be good . However , 2 weeks after purchasing the watch froze up . The buttons will no longer function and the watch is stuck in CHRONO mode . I will hope to get it back to amazon within 30 days for a refund/exchange . I will give them one more chance to send a legit watch . If they fail to produce , I obviously will no longer purchase watches from Amazon .
 The screen keeps going in and out - for a few weeks it works , and then it stops working . the old one I had worked like a charm for years , until the band broke .
 Washed dishes with the watch on , not my usual practice , and several hours later the display had faded away . It is supposed to be waterproof to 100m ?
 A poor quality watch which malfunctioned two weeks after I bought it.The buttons were difficult to work from the beginning , and have nowstopped functioning altogether.This purchase was a waste of money and time.I would not recommend this watch to anyone .
 Does not do alarms for intervals under 15 seconds which is useless for 400 meter training , when you have to run 12 and 13 second splits
 The excess retaining band broke after 10 months of use , the entire band broke off after 14 months of use.Typical of timex . OK watch , horrible band.dAnother issue was the light . My old timex was bright enough to find my way about in the dark . This timex only illuminates the numbers and is not bright enough to be useful .
 To echo what some other have stated , I 've had two of these watches and both times they died in Ocean water . If you do n't plan on swimming in the ocean at all , this is a great watch . I really enjoyed the FLIX technology while it lasted . The other big drawback is the belt is proprietary and to replace , you have to order online or send the watch back . Real pain in the arse .
 I had one of these for about 2 years -LRB- not great in my book -RRB- . Went bad so bought a new one 2 months ago b/c I love the large display . Went swimming last weekend in salt water and it leaked immediately . By the time I left the beach , the salt had corroded the inside and no saving it . Looking for a new brand .
 The middle grey button stopped working after 3 years of daily wear . Tts metallic color coating began to discolor and reveal cheap black plastic underneath . Eventually , the wrist band broke off the watch and the battery died.Too much plastic and questionable components durability made this watch average , even though it does deserve 3 stars for simple and large time display .
 I wore this watch for around two years . The buttons will eventually stick and one even stuck permanently . At that point pushing any one of the buttons would cause the watch to reset . This was the third Ironman I 've owned since 1996 and two of the three were complete junk . Timex 's newest Ironman looks like a cool watch , but I want something more durable .
 I 've owned a number of the Timex Ironman watches over the last 20 years & found them all to be a very good quality product for the money . However the last two that I 've purchased -LRB- both the model identified in the header -RRB- have had serious quality issues . With both watches the buttons stick & do not allow you to change the mode or access any of the features . I have found that by holding down all 5 buttons you can reset the watch & allow it to function again but this becomes problematic having to reset the time , date , etc. a couple of times a week . I believe this generally happens when either wearing long sleeves or having something depress one of the buttons continually . I bought the latest watch from Amazon in mid December thinking the last watch -LRB- lasted approximately 1 year with 2 returns to Timex -RRB- was a fluke & that a new one would resolve the issue . After having to reset the watch on average twice a week I sent it back to Timex in mid January & received a watch -LRB- I do n't know if it was a new watch or the same watch -RRB- back about 10 days later . Within 4 days the same problem happened & I have returned it again hoping to get some a recommendation , advice , or acknowledgment from Timex . I like the functionality but the quality is not acceptable .
 I loved this watch up until the time it died last week while snorkelling on st. John.The features are great and the face is very easy to read in most lighting conditions . Lots of alarms.I 've owned several Ironman watches over the past 20 years but this is the first one that failed in water . This is very disappointing !
 I 've been using Timex Ironman watches since they first came out . This is the first one that fails for what I 've found dependable and usable about the line for all these years.As far as I can tell this is the only 100 lap Ironman Timex makes any more and is an enormous step backwards from previous Ironman models .1 . The interval timer is all but useless if you do sets . On previous models of the 100 lap Ironman you could have the intervals repeat a set number of times -LRB- 1-9 -RRB- or repeat continuously in addition to stop and chrono . Now you can only repeat indefinitely - you can not run a set of intervals 3 times and then run the chrono -LRB- for example -RRB- . On older models you could run a series such as 5 minute run - 1 minute rest 9 times with a 10 minute run -LRB- measured on the chrono -RRB- at the end . Now if you want to do a set like that you have to count and track the repeats - defeating the entire purpose of the interval timer . The `` 9 intervals '' now are all part of a single set that either runs once or continuously .2 . No year is input on the date . So you have to manually enter the day of the week and track leap years . If you travel this is a pain if you intend to use the alarm .3 . A more minor annoyance - almost nothing is programmed on the same buttons as previous models . Why ? The changes do n't make it much easier to use.The one plus over my previous 100 lap Ironman - the dial is easier to read.Otherwise the watch lacks the very features that I found so desirable and dependable in the previous models I 've owned with the exception of the memo mode which I never used .
 I 've had TIMEX Ironman watches for years . This one has some of the best features yet for the price . Dual time zones , intervals , and many alarms and timer modes . It would be a 5-star watch IF it was n't put together so bad . With the construction it lasts about a year at a time . The first one I had broke the loop that you tuck the excess strap in when you 're wearing it . This made the strap stick out and get caught on things . The only way to fix it was to order a new strap which cost about 1/3 of the watch price . That happened in the first year.The second year the black frame around the face started coming off because the adhesive wore out . After two years I tried buying another one hoping that it would do better . Well it has been 11 months and the little loop that holds the excess strap has broken again ...
 I received it with a dead battery . After replacing the battery , none of the buttons worked except the indiglo button .
 Just got this watch and its now back in the box to be driven to the post office for return . The display is defective . The middle horizontal lines for the main display and the hundreds display is missing . In other words 8 's look like 0 's , 3 's look like backward C 's etc. . OK so its defective , it happens , but what causes me to write the review is I do n't see the slight darkening where the horizontal lines should be . I can see in the LCD the circuit traces that make all the lines that do display but no ciruit traces for the missing horizontal lines . Clearly , I could be wrong but this does n't seem like an instance of a wirebond breaking on my paticular watch , it seems like they printed the LCD wrong . If that 's true they might have made thousands with this defect .
 My new watch showed up dead . The battery was already worn out . To open the watch and replace the battery will cause the seal to leak and the watch is no longer water tight . I would think that someone would have at least checked the watch prior to shipping to see if it was dead . I will not buy another watch through Amazon due to this poor service .
 The attachment between the strap & the watch on the Timex Men 's Ironman 100-Lap FLIX System Watch #T 5E231 , was badly designed and the first time I wore the watch , the strap separated from the watch when I tried to open it . It could not be reattached securely , so the watch can no longer be worn as a wristwatch .
 This is a good watch with an unfortunate fatal flaw . I 've owned two now , and both have failed when the Indiglo button -LRB- 2 o'clock position -RRB- stuck in the `` on '' position , draining the battery within 24 hours , and rendering the watch garbage.Otherwise , it has all the functionality I could want . I especially liked the one-button ability to switch from `` Time 1 '' to `` Time 2 . '' Helps a lot when I travel . The multiple alarms make it easy to set separate wakeup times for weekdays and weekends -LRB- and they 're keyed to the displayed time , so when you travel you do n't have to reset or do mental arithmetic , which , despite frequent travel , I botch once or twice a year -RRB- , and I used the countdown timer to remind me to baste regularly while I 'm barbecuing.As with the other Timex watches I 've owned , the Flix technology is nice idea which does n't work well - it takes way too much wrist action to actuate.And the downside of the bottom button -LRB- 6 o'clock -RRB- which changes the time is that I would inadvertently trigger it by resting my hand somewhere . I usually caught on quickly that the time had been reset , but it was a nuisance nonetheless.It 's curious that two watches should fail in the same fashion within four months . But to me , it 's a case of `` fool me once , shame on you , fool me twice , shame on me . '' I 'm going to try a Casio next .
 I am stunned that so many rate this watch so highly . One reviewer said '' `` The beeps are very audible and hard to miss in a normal street environment '' '' '' this is extremely exaggerated . I returned the watch because the beeps are so low volume you can barely hear them . The alarm is ok , but the beeps between intervals are pathetically low volume.Watch programs are 1989 all over again . Timex needs to get into this century and put real software on their devices
 The watch arrived quickly and in excellent condition however having used the product for a while now , I can honestly say I 'm not happy with it.The band is very loose . I frequently have the strap slipping off and hanging out in the air where it catches on clothing paper etc. . In theory the latch on the band should stop it from doing that but it does n't really hold down the loose strap well.I 'm definitely suffering from buyers remorse . At this point , any old $ 20 watch at Walmart would be an improvement .
 In the pool , every time I reach the wall I press the middle button , so the lap is counted.I have learned that often even when pushing it it does not register the lap.Only when it beeps it counts .
 Like the rest of my Timex watches , this one did n't even last a year . Its not the battery , these are junk . Time to switch brands .
 This is a great watch . BUT , after having to deal with replacing the watch band twice , I would suggest to anyone to avoid this . I ca n't emphasize just how crappy it is to replace the band . The jewelers in my town will not even touch this watch . The worst of it is that you need to take off the watch band to replace the battery . I would give this watch a 10 for how great it is and a -10 for the idiots who designed the watch band.NOT WORTH IT JUST BECAUSE OF THE WATCH BAND . TRUST ME , GO WITH ANOTHER ONE !!!!!!
 I like the watch just wish it did n't have such a bulky look and feel ; the watch face is about 13/4 '' . My major complaint is the FLIX mode turns off each day when the Night-Mode resets/turns off each day . You have to remember to turn on Night-Mode before you can use the FLIX action ; these two modes should be independent . It 's irritating to try and use the FLIX action at night to find it disabled !
 I love the big display . I really wanted this watch to work.But this is the 2nd timex that got water in it from the shower.This happened to my daughter also.My first Timex lasted over 5 years.After that watch the next two leaked after less than a year.I do n't think the quality is there anymore.I 'm going back to Casio , it worked 100 ft. under watereven pushing the buttons !
 The band pulls apart from the watch case , the buttons pop off , and the paint flakes off.In short , a rather fragile watch that will work for anyone that wo n't really do much with it .
 I have owned several timex ironman watches over the years . Loved 'em all . I do n't if amazon sent me one with an almost dead battery , or if it 's a flaw in the watch . However , when punching through the modes , everything is REALLY SLOW . If I go to alarm , I have to wait a few seconds for it to appear , then wait a few more when I choose to modify it . Not quick an easy like my other ironmans . Great features though , if it was n't for this annoying delay , 5 stars easy.So I do n't know to blame amazon or timex for this . Either way , it is a problem that dropped the score for me .
 I have been a loyal Timex customer for years . Remember `` They take a licking but keep on ticking ! '' ? I have had two of these and they both failed prematurely . The first was a couple of months old and leaked while I was swimming in the ocean . The warranty claims `` does not cover water damage . '' Hello , this is a triathlon watch ! So I though I just got a bad one . Ordered # 2 in Sept 2010 . Earlier this week I noticed the date was off -LRB- did n't handle leap year -RRB- and went to set it . None of the buttons worked . Fool me once , shame on you . Fool me twice , shame on me . I learned my lesson now - Timex you lost my business .
 I love the look of this watch , however , mine lasted two months and then I could n't change the mode - it is currently stuck in CHRONO mode and I ca n't switch it back to TIME -LRB- or any other mode -RRB- . CHRONO mode is n't even working - the watch is `` frozen '' . Amazon is taking it back and I am ordering a new one - hope it lasts longer than two months !? If not , it will be my last TIMEX .
 I love the way this watch looks and the buttons are intuitive and quick . However , within one month the buttons froze and I could n't make any changes . When I took it apart and removed the battery temporarily , it all started up again . BUT , it was no longer water-resistant and after getting some moisture in it , the display does n't work . Since I took it apart rather than a Timex dealer , it is not warranteed .
 The Ironman is a nice watch when it works . Twice it has ` frozen ' up on me ... none of the button would work . I had to remove the battery and put -LRB- the same battery -RRB- it in again to make it work . Search on the web shows the freezing of the is not an uncommon problem . I can not recommend this watch until the problem is fixed .
 The watch was dead on arrival . Thanks to the great return service by Amazon . I was able to get the refund shortly after the watch was sent back to the Amazon .
 I bought this for my husband after reading many reviews on line . I want to send it back . Does not switch from am to pm . The stop watch mechanism does not work . Looks good but not good quality .
 We purchased this watch for a Christmas gift for our grandson . His mother told us today , under 6 months later that it quit and a new battery would n't fix it . Amazon would n't let us return it after January , so we 're stuck for $ 37.00 . We 're very disappointed with the product and Amazon 's limited return policy !
 I enjoyed this watch for about 9 months until it fried on me . I was snorkeling in the Virgin Islands and noticed there was some water in the face . I thought maybe there was another compartment to protect the inner workings ... I was wrong , it died within a couple minutes . I did notice the back of the watch says , `` Water resisant to 100 meters '' , maybe they added a couple extra zeros by mistake . I liked the big display for working out , and the alarm for camping , but the paint had started to chip on the start/stop button . Ca n't say I would recommend it .
 I have owned various styles of Timex Ironman watches over the years and this is my least favorite for three reasons . First , the START SPLIT button sticks out so far that it often is accidentally pressed long enough to switch the watch to Time 2 . Other models do n't suffer from this design flaw . Second , the INDIGLO on the watch is far less visible at night than previous versions I 've had . Third , the clasp that holds the end of the watch band is too loose and I often find that the end of the watch band is getting caught on things.Even though I just purchased this watch three months ago , I am purchasing a replacement for it already because the design flaws are too annoying . My next watch will be a Timex Ironman but a different model .
 I like the big digital display of the time with all the pertinent info -LRB- day of week/month -RRB- . The big gripe I have is how easily the display can be scratched . For watches at this price range maybe they all suffer the same flaw . I would have paid more for a tougher display glass.Edit
 I had this product for a little while and it was working great . However , one day when I was spearfishing the screen cracked and water got into it . It was all down hill from there . The deepest I dove with this product on was no more than 40ft , which is well below what it claimed it was capable of . Now this watch is somewhere in the Atlantic .
 I definetly thought it would be tougher . Not that the watch has broken down or anything . However , I bought an addidas watch in an outlet and it outclassed this watch in everyhting ; style , features and sturdiness . -LRB- and it was only 30 dollars -RRB- Do n't get me wrong guys the watch is useful and looks nice , but I dont think it will last as long as the other . Will keep you posted on the developement of this watch : -RRB-
 I have been a runner for 20 years , and have perhaps 5 Ironman watches . They have always lasted at least two years , working without any issues -LRB- I may have lost them , or the battery died -RRB- . However , I have had this one only since October , and yesterday the function buttons stopped functioning for no apparent reason . I will not buy another Timex watch again .
 I have owned Timex Ironman watches in the past and have found that they offered reliable performance for my outdoor adventures and at a good value . This time around , I was specifically looking for a watch with multiple interval timers , and decided on this model after a fair amount of online research . This Ironman model offers 9 sequential interval timers , which is exactly what I wanted for a new training program in the gym . The instructions are fairly easy to follow and the function buttons are large enough to be easily located during an activity . The reason for my 2-star rating is due to the volume of the interval beep sound itself . In the quiet of my home , I can hear the sound as it transitions from one interval to the next ; beep-beep . However , the sound is faint.The first time I used it in the gym , I only heard the beep sound on occasion . I thought the sound alert might be malfunctioning , so I would stop my workout and watch the interval timer countdown and wait for the sound . I heard no beep as the timer started on the next interval . I checked the sound a number of times during my hour workout and only occasionally heard the beep . I had the interval timer set to 60 sec. , then 15 sec . and then repeated . I had to constantly look at the watch to see where I was on the countdown so I could transition to the next workout . When I got home , I checked the interval timer sound again and they were audible but faint . So the problem lies in the actual volume of the alert itself . My gym is n't overly noisy and I would definitely expect to hear the beep-beep on my watch . I would imagine that I would have the same problem hearing the sound if I was outdoors trail running.So , if you are looking to use the interval timers for your workouts , I would look to another product . Unfortunately , this was the only watch that I could find with the multiple interval timer feature offered . I 'll be calling Timex to see if they can offer any assistance since I went beyond the 30-day Amazon return policy .
 Love the watch , hate the band . On my third band in two years . I do not abuse it , just a poor choice in materials . Had the same problem with a previous - similar watch from Timex . Keep in mind Amazon also charges something like $ 12 for the band along with $ 5 for shipping .
 I loved the functions , but too bad it leaked within the first couple of months . I could first see moisture under the glass and the indiglo light quit working , but it would actually dry out after a few days , so I tried to live with it . Unfortunately the leak got worse and now it is mostly full of water and none of the digits are legible , but worst of all the warranty is now expired . What happened to the slogan `` takes a lick 'n and keeps on tick ` n '' ? I guess Timex has followed a lot of other US companies ; cheap low quality products made in China .
 The watch works fine in the first two months , then one day the backlight went on automatically and there was no way to turn it off.After 2 days , the watch was dead ! So if you do n't want $ 40 wasted , keep away from the watch .
 Bought the watch in Jan of 2011 . Stopped working in 2 months . Very light use . The buttons are all stuck/not working . I am going to try and return it for repair but really frustrated.Follow upTIMEX refunded the cost of repair and the new watch is still working several months later .
 I 've gone through three watches - each one lasted less than a year . For what it does - timing excercise routines and so on - it 's great - but it 's a cheap , crappy quality watch . The strap fails , the watch electronics die , the buckle dies.Two stars because the watch did function for a few months , all three of them . Now I 'm looking for a better more expensive watch which will last at least three years !
 This is the fourth Timex Ironman I have owned . It is not as advertised . I asked for a wrist wrap/velcro wrap watch . I received a normal wristband with holes.Also , the Timer feature has no tone at all . I really liked all my previous Timex Ironman watches , but this one has minimal instructions for usage . I am having trouble figuring out whether it works or if it has manufacturing defects.I hope there will be support for how to use this watch -LRB- with the wrong wristband -RRB- Help please , Amazon .
 I wore this watch when i run trails thru the forest and when I play sports and sometimes the beach . I do likke this watch but it lasted 6 months . i was hoping it lasted longer.As others have sated :1 . the pin for the band does come out and will need to be replaced or fixed regularly . So it ca n't take a battering .2 . The LED will go . And the part is no out of stock .3 . The indiglo Flix is a massive cumbersome difficult thing or skill . I think I got it to work once .4 . The buttons can be tricky but not tooo difficult.For the price I still wo n't buy it again unless they remove that ` Ironman ' tag .
 I was pretty confident getting this watch after seeing several friends use it . It has a very easy to use alarm , the indiglo is great , and the timers and countdowns work easily.My disappointment with the product surrounds the warranty and durability . The watch comes with a 1 year warranty and thirteen months after purchase it is dead . I only wore the watch about 5 hours a week while cycling . Pretty gentle wear and tear . When it died I replaced the battery and it clearly has power now , but it is toast .
 I 've had Timex watches for years and thought this new `` flix '' enabled watch would be just the right upgrade when my last one died after 4 years and got my parents to buy me one . Not so . First I had one die about 2 months after I got it , at the beach the second I got in the water . I thought , oh that must have had a bad coating or something , and since it was a gift and I did n't have the proof of purchase or any of the stuff to get a warranty replacement , I just went ahead and bought a new one of the same model . It lasted 2.5 months . Timex replaced that one with a new one and it died again about a month and a half later . The Flix system seems to make it way less sturdy than the other Timex watches -LRB- or at least how they used to be -RRB- so that even ordinary arm motions can make the whole thing become unresponsive and then just lock up or die . I 'm a geology grad student and I need to have a trustworthy watch that I do n't have to take off when I go and do field work , but if these watches ca n't even handle me sitting at a desk , they 're junk .
 Too bad I did n't keep my receipts.This watch has buttons
 it 's an okay product . Easy to read screen , which shoes date , time , day of the week.The rubber band is soft and will break after a year of tough use . Then I bought a G-Shock - Casio Men 's DW5600E-1V G-Shock Classic Digital Watch
 Within one month the cheap metal frame around the face fell off . Less than 2 years later , the band split , and since the band can not be replaced on this model , it 's time to get a new watch . Timex really put a lot of thought into this design design ... the watch itself is still ticking but the rest really took a licking . .
 When the first one fell apart , they replaced it quickly and kindly , thus more than one star . The second one fell apart within a week . I 'm not trying for a third .
 The watch is very attractive , but it did not work properly . They said it was probably the battery , but I took it to a jeweler and they said it was not . I am in the process of exchanging the watch . Hopefully once the exchange is complete I will be able to come back and make a more positive comment .
 Attractive watch ... but one tiny scratch and the whole glass face shattered , after I 'd only had it a couple of weeks . Very disappointing .
 I received this watch as a present earlier this year - mine was not purchased from ZENO USA LLC , but from an internet site called JTV Watches -LRB- although still through the Amazon website -RRB- After 36 days , the watch crystal had cracked and the stainless steel bezel had rusty patches on , despite my taking great care of not upsetting the watch with any hard knocks or exposure to water . I very much doubt that this watch was a true original and had not at least been refurbished in some manner . Too add insult , the customer service reps were initially quite unhelpful and seemed more interested in protecting their time and comfort , rather than actually helping a disgruntled customer . In the end , the watch was sent back and the full amount of money was refunded - so JTV Watches did redeem themselves , in all fairness.This story though serves a general remainder for people who are considering the purchase of a high-end watch from cheap internet retailers
 Parents that shop for this type of watch for their children usually do so because of a medical need . Amazon 's price was great but , in general , these are expensive watches that you have to buy.So , we get it , my 5yr old son is very excited to wear a watch , no matter the reason and it is HUGE ! The face is large because of the vibrating motor , not a problem . What is an unacceptable problem is the band is no where the length needed for a 5yr old , which , even according to the company selling it , is a very common age for wearers of this watch.I called the company , PottyMD , and they say too bad , spend more money on a new band!Even my son 's doctor says this is a common complaint.I wish a maker and seller of `` sick '' children 's watches would think about the children.thanksfrustrated parent
 I purchased a Bulova Women 's Champagne Bracelet Watch from Mister Watch Online and the crystal fell off the first day it was worn . I wrote to the company from which I purchased it and they emailed me a shipping label and will return it when it is repaired . They apologized for the problem but had no idea why the crystal should have become detached . Otherwise , I was happy with the purchase , the price , and the ease of shopping and ordering my watch . I believe this problem will be resolved .
 Before I reveal its critical flaw , let me say I love the way the watch looks.That said , the watch has no backlight !!! I can not see the analog time at night and the digital display is completely unreadable even in dim light -LRB- have you ever seen an LCD display on a watch that did n't have a backlight ? -RRB- . Not having a backlight is an inexcusable flaw on a watch this price . And the phosporescent watch hands fade in about an hour , so that does n't help much . Of course , you could just carry a flashlight with you.Because of this flaw , I rarely wear the watch . I wear a cheaper Casio with a backlight that I do not like anywhere near as much.If considering this watch against any other , just make sure you also consider how important it is to you to be able to read the time in the dark and to be able to read the digital LCD display when you do n't have optimal light . If it is important , find a different watch .
 ca n't read the black watch face . when I 'm running or biking and do n't want to find indiglo button , I ca n't see the numbers . I generally go thru one of the Ironman watches every year , so I 've had a lot of experience with them . Love the watches , hate this model .
 This was a 20th wedding anniversary gift from my wife and after wearing this watch only four times -LRB- on Sundays -RRB- the seconds hand became loose -LRB- detached -RRB- . I always wanted a Bulova and was very happy with the price paid . I called Customer Service at Famous Brand and she was very nice & helpful . She also was very surprised that the watch was deffective . I was given the option of shipping it to Bulova for repair or return it to Famous Brand for a refund . I chose the refund . Not sure if I will want the same watch again , very dissapointed
 Received watch on time . Set it & it worked for approx . 12 hours & then jumped to different times & dates . Took it to 2 Timex retail stores & they were unable to set the month , day & time . WATCH DOES NOT WORK ! What do you suggest we do now ???
 I bought this watch for my dad after wearing the same model myself for about a year . His watch lasted about a month before the screen fogged up and it stopped working . I was suprised when he told me that because mine did that a few days after I gave him his . I thought my experience was unique , but even a buddy of mine with the same watch claimed he had issues.I 've always worn Timex Ironman watches . I 've probably owned at least 6 or 7 . They typically work well and look great without being too bulky . Unfortunately , after this experience and realizing that the last two pairs I have used before this one did n't last more than 2 years either , I think I may look around for other options . Some may say I should n't expect a watch to last more than 2 years ... but I do expect more from Timex , especially if they are going to use the Ironman label on it .
 I 've bought this watch on February 2011 . It stopped working around July 2011 , which I consider a very short life for this product . At first , I thought it was just the batteries that died . I 've replaced the batteries , adjusted the time/date but it keeps restarting as if the batteries were dying again . After a few times I readjusted the time/date I gave up.It 's a shame , this is my second Timex . The first one lasted almost 5 years and that 's why I 've purchased another Timex . I still think it can be fixed -LRB- it must be a short-circuit that keeps restarting itself every other day -RRB- . Does anyone know where I can take it to have it fixed ?
 I bought this watch in early June 2012 it broke in August 2012 The watch essentially died with no power . I took it to get a battery and that was n't the problem . Due to the fact it was a timex , I had to send it to a service center to be repaired . I received the watch back in Oct with no note as to what was done and a bill for $ 8.00 for shipping . I called their customer service to ascertain what was done and they told me that it is done assembly line and they can not tell if it was repaired or replaced or nothing was done . I also told them that I felt it was unfair to have to pay anything for a watch that lasted less than three months and they essentially told me tough that was the warranty.Because of this service I would recommend you never by a timex product on line . There are many other options and from now on that is what I will be choosing .
 bought this watch in August or September 2008 and then the Indiglo flex light stopped working in October . Sucks cuz I am in Iraq and it is always dark here , so it seems . Now I have to buy another watch ...
 I loved this watch . Very rugged , and I am outside in water and very active . Great watch until battery went out . You can not put in a new battery unless you tear up the plastic because you can not put the back on it after taking it off . Even the lady at the store said this style was a pain to get the back of the watch back on . This is about my 5th Ironman , but it is a terrible design . Timex should be ashamed of this product .
 This watch is n't it . I ca n't see the display . Also , I can only set alarms for daily , weekdays , and weekdays . There 's no setting an alarm for a specific day of the week . I guess Timex is getting too big for its britches .
 I ordered the watch for someone as a gift . I thought it was a good buy for $ 50.00 with the shipping included , then I saw the exact same watch in Target for $ 25 . oo . I am mad !
 I ordered the watch on line , and since there were no dimensions listed , or alternate views of the product , I was not able to tell how ridiculously thick the watch face really is . It 's a nice looking watch , too bad it is so clunky and weird looking . I had to return it and try another model . I did try the indiglo button when I first got it , and the illumination was very weak . Nothing like other Timex watches I 've owned in the past . Very disappointed in it .
 It broke within one day . The stopwatch feature does not work now . I have had luck with Timex 's in the past , but the last two have been terrible . I will try another brand next time .
 I bought the Timex Men 's T5F821 Ironman 30-Lap Shock Resistant Watch for someone and after a couple months it stopped working . Not what I would expect from the timex brand looked like a cheap watch when I received it .
 So this timex watch although the electronic functionality worked and continues to work flawlessly , the rubber/plastic came loose after 2 weeks of use ... . Perhaps I was too rough with it . But I used it for running , swimming , and weightlifting , guess it just could n't handle my workout
 I wore this watch a couple of times kayaking . It was not waterproof . Condensation formed under the crystal and eventually corrosion developed .
 This watch was not running at all when I received - the battery was dead . Also , it was far too heavy for me . The crown would not pull out properly .
 If you have ordered this watch impressed by the pleasant pink color , you will be disappointed like I am on receiving a peach colored watch and not the one in the image
 The watch is handsome enough but it is worthless as an alarm . The vibration is so miniscule that it can never awaken a normal human being . It does n't even draw attention to itself when I am awake and anticipating the vibration.Don ' t buy this , OK ? If you want to do something impulsive just write a check to me .
 I ca n't hear a sound alarm . The vibration alarm on this watch is too faint to detect under most circumstances . Therefore , do no buy it .
 This looked like a reasonably priced , fashonable watch . The wristband was large enough to fit my wrist , which is not always the case with these Asian imports . It looks nice and has a nice heft.HOWEVER , if you wear you watch on your left wrist like most right-handed people , you will find the `` alarm on '' stem pushes in every time you twist your wrist in to the right . I wanted an hourly alarm , and now I find myself remembering to check to see if the alarm turned itself off . Usually it has . The alarm-on stem should have been positioned above the time-set stem.Do NOT buy this if you are right-handed and need an alarm function as the alarm will most likely shut itself off while you are wearing it .
 One of the knobs fell off , after a year of light use.Generally I really like the rotating bezel , indiglo , and alarm features . Plus I thought it was decent-looking . But now I wonder about quality . Do you get what you pay for ?
 I bought this watch as a gift and delivered it to my friend in Mexico . Later I was informed that the watch was taken to a jeweler because it did n't work . The jeweler told my friend that the watch was faulty.When I was told of this mishap , I suggested they toss the item as they had no way of returning it to me due to Mexico 's mailing restrictions.It really made me angry to know that my gift did not work , plus my friend had the added expense of taking it to a jeweler that confirmed it was not repairable .
 I am a light sleeper and get up to go to gym at 5 AM using alarm which unfortunately wakes my wife . I read the reviews before I bought the watch . Since money was not my major concern I decided to buy this watch for convience and not to have irrate wife or sleep in another room . The vibration is not good enough to wake you up and on some days it does not work . Additionally I am right hand user and the alarm just gets shut off during sleep . As such I have gone back to my faithful alarm but have decided to sleep in guest room to save myself from a irrate wife . Will not recommend this buy .
 I have ordered a wrist watch in august 2009 from amazon web page and managed the payment with my credit card.Although Amazon despatched the order by usps air mail on august 12 2009 i have not received it yet.when I ask my order in Amazon 's my recent orders page `` You have no orders '' message occurs.I live in Istanbul Turkey and have to say that it is a shame for amazon . because there is no traking facility of the despatched orders after leaving the States.once again TERRIBLE AND TERRIBLE ... That 's all I can say ... Ozcan YILDIZ
 Developed a leak in the watch face after 6months of regular use -LRB- occasional swimming , never worn in the shower -RRB- . Even at $ 40 it 's not worth it .
 I liked this watch . It is true that the vibration is not powerful enough to wake you up every time , but it will do the job more often than not , assuming you get enough sleep . If you want to wake up from a deep slumber , use a clock radio.I also like this watch 's rugged looks . The rotating dials and the back light are cool , and the strap is nice . It 's heavy , but it 's just that style of watch , more of a G-Shock than a Swatch.Unfortunately , my watch did not last long at all . There is a narrow metal ring around the face with instructions on how to set the two types of vibrating alarm . That was weakly glued on and fell off after three weeks . A month later , the rotating dial became loose and the knob for setting the time came right off . I 'm sending it back.This watch claims to be water resistant to fifty meters -LRB- WR50M is on the dial and on the back -RRB- . I wore it swimming in a chlorine pool maybe a half-dozen times since I owned it . If that is why it fell apart , I will need to keep searching for another watch .
 Watch worked great until I took it whitewater rafting . Did n't go deeper than 5 feet -LRB- far from the 100 meters -RRB- in the water swimming in a gentle pool . Somehow water got in . Now , the watch does not keep time and has an inconsistant alarm . Looking for a new watch .
 This is a 5 star watch as a meditation timer and it 's handsome , tough , and easy to set . But for more worldly applications , I doubt you 'll be able to feel the alarm going off as it 's very subtle . Go with an easy set audio alarm .
 I 've owned this watch for a year now . The alarm is super easy to set -- just rotate the outer bezel and pull the knob . I use it all the time -- for timing the coffee pot or reminding myself to make a phone call in a few minutes . The vibration alerts me when I ca n't hear the high pitched alarm from some other watches . But after just 8 months , the knob that sets the alarm pulled out completely . I sent it in for repair and the watch was returned in a couple of weeks . Now , just a week ago -- just after the watch went off warranty -- it happened again . I love the ease of use , but I ca n't recommend the durability of this watch .
 easy is the wrong word to use when describing this watch . impossible would be much better . contacted the timex support line , they charge a fee to provide help . I could never get this watch to work . sent it back .
 Bought this with gift card . I have another guess watch that the battery died on . It was less expensive to buy a new one than send the watch bk fir a battery replacement . The bad us vey wide but fits . The watch ticked for about ten hours then die .
 I 'll start by saying that I loved the look of this watch . I was also happy with the price . However , a few days after buying it , a seam on the front began unravelling , so I returned it to the store I purchased it from and they replaced it with another watch of the same brand and style . Less than two weeks later , the pin holding the top face of the clock came out of its hole , so I returned it to the store for another copy of the same watch . Then , less than two weeks later , the top pin came out again.I really wished Guess would have put more effort into making this watch , but after three chances , it 's clearly just a poorly made watch .
 The band that came with this watch was impossible to adjust for me and so it sits in a drawer never worn and collecting dust.What a waste of my hard-earned money it was . NOT RECOMMENDED .
 The watch has opened several times in the short amount of time I 've had it . I 'm lucky that I caught it just in the nick of time , before it fell off and got lost and/or broken . I want to return it but Amazon has been so problematic already .
 This watch looks pretty good but is a lot shinier than it appears in the photos , with a lot of chrome all over . The `` unidirectional rotating bezel '' does not rotate . The links on the band are not uniform along the edges and give a low-quality appearance . For a large sized watch , the weight is surprisingly light , which gives it a cheap feel . The price here seems to reflect the brand name , not the quality .
 I ORDERED -LRB- | -RRB- WATCH -LRB- 2 -RRB- TIMES AND HAD TO SEND THEM BOTH BACK , NEITHER ONE WORKED.AND THE DESCRIPTION SAID THEY WERE NEW.A LOT OF TROUBLE ON MY PART AND NOT EVEN AN `` WE ARE SORRY '' RESPONSE .
 This watch is very nice looking but the screen is plastic so it scratched from day 1 and makes the watch basically useless , avoid buying this crappy watch and save money on a glass screen watch , im very disappointed to say the least .
 after having two separate watches sent , neither of which worked on arrival , it is safe to say , i would never order this product again . it was a time-wasting paperwork headache . amazon should pull the product from its shelves . amazon seems to take no pride in sending products that have been tested for function .
 After having to wait now over 6 months and still now received the 30 dollar reward for taking out an Amazon Visa card ending in 0650 I have decided that Amazon is not the company to handle anything worthwhile . Vincent A.Sauer
 LA ENTREGA DEL PRODUCTO TUVE UN TIEMPO ESTIMADO DEL 10/09/2007 AL 19/09/2007 Y AUN NO HA SIDO ENTREGADO EN LA DIRECCI&Oacute;N QUE REGISTRE EN AMAZON Y POR LO TANTO DESEEO CANCELAR LA COMPRA , YA QUE LA MISMA FUE CARGADA A MI TARJETA .
 I was given this watch by my husband several years ago . Watch is beautiul and the battery lasts a really long time . What was not great is the jewerly bracelet style clasp . I sent it back to ESQ to be replaced once and just over a year later the clasp was not staying shut . The cost of the repair was about half the cost of the watch . Until they switch the clasp i wouuld not reccommend .
 This is a good buy although I expected the Movado name to be written since it is a line of that brand . However this watch lasted just 2 years
 I bought this watch used and with low expectations , and boy were they justified . I knew it was n't going to be an amazing bargain Swiss watch clone . I had hoped it would be a quality-on-a-budget watch ; nice enough . It was not . Even at half-price , it was an overpriced piece of crap.Although pretty , it lost nearly a minute per day , the day function did n't stay synchronized with the time , you could hear the low-quality winding mechanism grinding away as you moved your wrist -LRB- winding the watch -RRB- , and the `` sweep second hand '' was more like `` spastic second hand . `` Please , do n't buy into the marketing hype . No quality watch maker advertises in SkyMall and also sells spring-loaded shoe insoles through their website . Anyone who knows anything about watches will spot this thing a mile away and think you a fool for being suckered into buying one.Mine 's going up for sale on a popular online auction site this evening .
 You can buy this type of watch for $ 5-10 in China or elsewhere in street kiosks around the world . The movement will be the same.As the design goes , the Chinese copy anything , including Rolexes , Omegas , etc. with varying degree of success.More enterprising individuals acquired old and obsolete Swiss manufacturer names -LRB- Rousseau , etc. - see online auctions ... -RRB- and started charging premium on the same type of cheap junk.The point is that this watch is not worth the money . Almost certainly it will last you no longer than a year ? and in this case you get what is not even what you pay for.If you want inexpensive yet reliable movement , I 'd consider a Japanese make , like Orient .
 Take a look at the zoom-in view of the back of the watch
 I bought one of these several years ago . Visually it is a stunning watch , and got many compliments . But as a timepiece it could n't be worse . It failed to keep accurate time , usually stalled while trying to move all the gears past 12 a.m. -LRB- and so had to be reset every morning -RRB- and for me the last straw was the continual breaking of the fragile pins that hold the strap onto the watch . I nearly lost the watch several times when the pins failed .
 This is not a six hundred dollar watch believe me . I thought it was made in Europe and when i called the company after I got it they told me yes it was assembled and some parts made in China . Had I known that I would not have bought it.It keeps time o.k , but the month and day are controlled by those little buttons on the side and I wear a watch all the time , except in the shower , even when I sleep so I guess that may why the date and month changes whatever it is a pain and what is the use in having those features if they are never correct.I wash my hands probably twenty or more times a day at work and so far the water has not bothered it or the band , although the second little piece of leather that holds the end of the band in place fell off about a week after I had it . The band it thick and bulky looking as is the watch itself but at least they send you two bands if one stamped `` China '' goes bad . I thought it would slimmer , it is definately thick and bulky.I have to say the crystal has not scratched yet , as does so many watches I have bought in the past couple of years . One good point . It is n't level with the case so it looks odd to me and distorts the light.If I had seen it before I bought I would give you fifty bucks for it and that is all .
 I would have been better off had I not purchased this watch . The reviews that are negative are all true . Here is my story
 I purchased this model of Steinhausen I fainted when I found that I often had to manually set the little day of the week dial , as it did not stay synchronized with the timekeeping of the watch , this one in particular is bulky , also the Italian fake leather would fall the pin having an opportunity to loose your watch . This is a Chinese watch with a Swiss name.Does not support the money you pay for it.I would NOT recommend this watch .
 I would not recommend buying this watch . I bought it for my boyfriend because he had been wanting it for a long time . It is a beautiful watch , however it does not work correctly . After you set it , it loses about 30 seconds per day . The day and time did not switch over correctly either . It was very disappointing and we had to return it .
 I bought this watch used and with low expectations , and boy were they justified . I knew it was n't going to be an amazing bargain Swiss watch clone . I had hoped it would be a quality-on-a-budget watch ; nice enough . It was not . Even at half-price , it was an overpriced piece of crap.Although pretty , it lost nearly a minute per day , the day function did n't stay synchronized with the time , you could hear the low-quality winding mechanism grinding away as you moved your wrist -LRB- winding the watch -RRB- , and the `` sweep second hand '' was more like `` spastic second hand . `` Please , do n't buy into the marketing hype . No quality watch maker advertises in SkyMall and also sells spring-loaded shoe insoles through their website . Anyone who knows anything about watches will spot this thing a mile away and think you a fool for being suckered into buying one.Mine 's going up for sale on a popular online auction site this evening .
 Please do yourself a favor and if you want a watch that looks like a classic and do not want to spend the money to get one , do not buy this for the prices that they are trying to sell these at . The movements are very inexpensive made in China and the construction of the watch will not pass for a quality time piece at all . These watches can be had for $ 49.00 , $ 59.00 and $ 89.00 dollars.Someone is playing a game at 595.00-890 .00 for these so do not fall for it . I can not believe these guys think they can pass these off for those prices . I own one I bought for $ 59.00 dollars new and wear it as a fashion style item with limited dress shirts . When you are up close on these styles you can see the low quality and poor construction of the watch.Enough said , DO NOT EVEN CONSIDER ANY OF THE Steinhausen watches unless you get it for under $ 70.00 dollars and know it is all for show and not a quality lasting watch .
 The design was what attracted me . Very retro and detailed . It looks beautiful . It is just junk . After wearing it for a week I noticed a small hand laying on the bottom of the dial . I took it to my watch repair man . It happened a second time to another small hand . The repair man told me he would repair it as often as I would pay for it , but that I should just save my money . It was n't worth more than a few bucks , even when running , because of its junk movement . Stienhuasen is a deliberately misleading name . It has no `` Made In '' mark because you are ment to assume it is German or Swiss . It is Chinese and imported by an unscrupulous importer .
 I bought this watch from another company along with a TW691G for my girlfriend as treats following a traumatic period in our lives . We were excited to receive them along with their great-looking TM478 winders . They are beautiful watches.Our disappointment followed soon after . After using the NIST to carefully set each watch , -LRB- I 'm a stickler for this , -RRB- and keeping them in their winders , we found they both lost an average of a minute or more a day . They had to be reset daily . Over time , they became a joke and we stopped wearing them except for `` special occasions . '' When we brought them out , we found the month dial was one or two settings off , the hour and minute hands were far off . In short , pretty junk.Do not buy this watch .
 I had been admiring this watch for some time and finally bought one through the `` steinhausen '' website . It was odd that the watch was delivered from gadgetuniverse.com . I was very supprised to find out that my `` Swiss '' watch proudly had `` Made in China '' stamped on it . -LRB- Maybe on the website they meant it was made by a Swissman and not in Switzerland -RRB- Anyway , I had the watch for a week before one of the arms fell off . About the same quality you would expect from anything made in China . I returned the watch about a month ago and I am still waiting for my refund . IF YOU BUY THIS WATCH , DO NOT EXPECT A NICE SWISS WATCH !!!
 I bought this watch thinking that it was a swiss movement watch - this is clearly not -- does not hold time -- is NOT well made -- wish i never would have bought watch and I FEEL CHEATED by the company that sold it
 This is obviously an attractive watch , and based on the reviews , I had no expectation that it was made in Europe , which was fine by me as long as the watch performed well.Unfortunately , the watch performs more like a $ 20 watch than a $ 200 watch . In less than two months of wear -LRB- nothing too brutal ; just in the office -RRB- , the watch stopped working completely . In fact , the hands could not even be manually moved with the crown.Thinking this was an isolated incident , I ordered a second watch . That watch lasted less than a month . Both watches were directly ordered from Steinhausen and they refused replacement . The `` warranty '' on this watch requires you to pay nearly $ 100 -LRB- shipping , handling , etc -RRB- to perform a repair . Google `` Steinhausen Warranty '' to see similar stories from others.Bottom Line
 I do own this particular watch from Steinhausen . Within 3 months I had two of the three small hands fall off and were loose inside the crystal . Pretty simple ? After trying repeatedly to get it fixed under thier warranty time of 1yr . Actually I tryed for 8 months.I got disgusted and gave up . I word NOT Recommend any Steinhausen product . Buyer Beware!They make beautiful watches ! But they are JUNK ! Think Before You Buy !
 Loved the look and quality of the watch but DANG ... It 's too darn confusing . To get the watch set correctly you need an MIT degree . Ughh ... buying a simpler watch next time .
 This watch is often off by 2 to umpteen minutes , which is ridiculous given that the watch should automatically sync every night . I had to constantly adjust the HS -LRB- hand set -RRB- . And hand setting takes a long time because it takes a long time to switch into the hand setting mode . This is a bad watch .
 This watch seemed like a good product until it started `` getting behind '' on time and then stopped working altogether after about 4 months . We contacted the manufacturer to get a replacement , and we were offered a choice of 3 clearly inferior quality watches . After pointing this out to them , we were ultimately given a better watch than the watch we originally purchased .
 Hello buy this watch but I live in Mexico and not how to put it at the time , it automatically makes the time in USA and Japan but as I do to Mexico?another question works in other countries ?
 The watch came in a great looking case , the face of the watch was attractive . Then - oops could n't fasten it because there was no fastener . It came with a return address slip for sending it back - which is nice . But I 'd rather get what I thought I ordered .
 I ordered both the clear rhinestone and the multicolored . The multicolored works purfectly and looks great I get compliments nearly every time I wear it . However , the clear one does not keep accurate time , the hands are subject to just jump ahead . I kept both of them since the return cost and hassle would have not been worth it to me personally . I do love the one that works properly .
 I like the face of the watch , but the rest of it is not well made . The band is flimsy . Overall , it 's just ok .
 This is one of many items bought from a third party through Amazon.com.Will not order from this third party.I had to rate one * , just to post this opinion .
 I ordered the watch last week and received it today . It was a fake . It was not authentic as it is described and none of the company information and authenticity card was provided . Instead , there was a cardboard that covered the leather case and said Made in China . Steinhausen is a German company . Also , the sapphire that is supposed to be in the crown is missing ! Very disappointed . Amazon should 've stated it is not authentic . One of the photos even has the authenticity cards in the listing . Very upset1
 Requested & received the gold color version of this watch from my wife for Christmas . I am not sure where she purchased it because it was a present . I saw the add for it in a periodical where I was attracted to the seemingly impossible 2mm thin case . In the add , a picture of it shown face to back between thumb & finger illustrated a thin profile because it was held near an edge which would conceal the protruding portion in the back of my watch which is about 1/2 the diameter of the case . Bottom line , I measured with calipers about 6.5 mm thick front to back in the center -LRB- includes protrusion -RRB- and tapering to about 4.7 mm front to back at the edge of the watch . If I had known the true dimensions I would not have asked for it . It does seem to keep time so far , I like the face , and the appearance is of good quality but the 2mm dimension advertised is nowhere to be found except it is about the height of the protrusion -LRB- 6.5mm-4 .7 mm -RRB- on the backside . Even the band is almost 3mm thick.You may want to see one of these in person before you buy ...
 I purchased several Steinhausen watches and this one in partiucular the crystal easyly broke . also the italian fake leather would fall the pin having an opportunity to loose your watch.Does not support the money you pay for it.I would NOT recommend this watch .
 Do n't waste your money ! That 's all I have to say . Very disappointed at the quality and condition of this watch .
 Was expecting it to be a much bigger dial . it appears to be small . the chronograph is too small and does not work in synchronizing fashion . this watch 's date does not change after 12 midnight . the date and day changes after 6.00 am . this a major drawback of this watch . i have gifted it to one of my friend .
 I purchased this watch because I liked its style and Amazon was running a sale for $ 65 . Unfortunately , the watch failed to function within 6 months . I initially thought it was a battery and replaced it to notice the second hand was stuck in one place oscillating back and forth . I decided to send it back to Invicta for a warranty repair and after they received it , they demanded $ 28 dollars `` shipping '' charge to send it back . Can you say gouge ... I can since I sent it to them via snailmail -LRB- USPS first class -RRB- with tracking and receipt confirmation for ~ $ 3 US.Needless to say this was my last Invicta due to their poor quality and unacceptable warranty/shipping charges . I 'm going back to Seiko !
 Purchased this watch in Sept 2010 . It stopped working after three months , just one month after the warranty expired . Took it to a watch repair store and was told it would cost more to fix it than I paid for it . The watch looks great but has a LONG history of problems . Stay away from this watch .
 I bought one Invicta 2876 because I read the reviews most of which are good . It was fine at first -LRB- good look and accurate -RRB- . After one month -LRB- the time after which I could n't return it to Amazon -RRB- it began to be 2-5 minutes late every day , and sometimes it just stopped . So I sent it back to Invitca to `` enjoy '' the free in-warranty repair -LRB- I use quotation because I had to pay $ 20 for S&H ; , and think about the price of this watch ! -RRB- . After 3 months I received it back . Great news ! No more 2-5 minutes late , only half minute late -LRB- I knew it because I had to adjust it every 5-6 days -RRB- . I believe customers who gave the good reviews must have good experience , although I had a terrible one . So good luck , future buyers !
 I recently bought this watch because it looked really nice in the pictures and the price was right . When I received the watch , I was horrified to see that the face is not the navy blue color like the picture and description , but in fact is PURPLE . Ugghh ! I first thought it might be the light I was holding it in - but its definitely purple . Not cool .
 I recently received the watch , it is very attractive , but it does not do the PRIMARY function of a watch - keep time.Sometimes it seems to work fine , and sometimes it looses about 5 minutes a day - and on recent flights it stopped completely for the duration of the flight only to start back up when we landed . I 'm sending it to Invicta in the morning . -LRB- unless I can convince Amazon to take it back -RRB- .
 One word for all of you considering to buy this watch ... CHEAP ! I bought this watch onsale for $ 62.00 , I think that it might only be worth $ 15 . I personally think the case and packaging cost more than the actual watch . The pictures look so much better . When I recieved the item I was excited because the box it came in was nice . When I took a look at the actual watch it looked like something I could have bought at Walmart . I am kinda of a connoisseur of watches and this watch was cheap . I can tell that the bracelet was cheaply painted and would easily be rubbed off in a matter of a few months and the dial was not impressive upon closer inspection . There was no weight to the watch which implies to me that it is of low quality . Please do not waste your money on this watch . Buy a better quality watch such as GUESS , Citizen , or Fossil for the same price . This watch looked so generic and I was massively disappointed . Luckily its the holiday season and I can give it away as a gift .
 The price was around $ 80 it has since jumped to $ 200 ... It is also a VERY CHEAP watch , look at the 4 and you will see it says llll NOT lV If they can not even catch this mistake how do you know there is not a problem inside the watch ??? It is not even worth $ 80 ...
 The price changed from 69.99 to 119.99 : - -LRB- ALSO , LOOK at the 4 spot ... It is llll and not lV ... That just shows how cheap it is ...
 My Invicta Model 2876 watch , a gift my girlfriend bought for my birthday was EXTREMELY disappointing . The problems , which existed since I received the watch :1 . It lost between 5 minutes and 30 minutes every 24 hours . I had to reset it each morning .2 . The date hand never moved . It was stuck where it was when I opened its box .3 . The `` quick-set '' button `` A '' that was supposed to change the date did not function in any way . It was stuck in a pushed-in position when I received the watch in its packaging . I managed to unstick it , but then it did n't make the date hand move , nor did it function in any other way.I had to pay Invicta $ 20 to have it fixed.The card the company sent me to confirm that it had been received left instructions on how to check the status of repairs online that were totally inconsistent with the site itself . I had to figure that out on my own.The watch took more than 6 weeks for Invicta to fix.Invicta shipped the watch back to me , and UPS delivered it while I was out of town to someone I do n't know in my apartment building . This person , presumably , is still in possession of the watch and has stolen it from me . Granted this is n't Invicta 's fault per se , except in so far as they sold my girlfriend a piece of garbage that we had to return in the first place.So I 'm out $ 20 , my girlfriend 's out hundreds , and we 've got nothing to show for it . We would have had more fun burning dollar bills.Invicta is a garbage company that has garbage service and sells garbage products . The whole experience has not just turned me off as far as Invicta goes , but has turned me off on the WHOLE IDEA OF OWNING A WATCH in the first place , which I had decided to return to after years of relying on my cell phone to tell time . That 's what I 'll keep doing .
 I bought this as a present for my dad three years ago , but now it is totally broken and had to be trashed.It was losing time and my dad took it get fixed and the repairman told him it was not worth fixing it again if it starts loosing time ... better to just buy a new watch since this was so CHEAP ! He said the movement was PLASTIC ! What ?! I thought I was paying for `` Swiss quartz '' ... whatever that means.Anyway , since then , it 's totally crapped out and one of the dials on the side fell out . WARNING
 I take the watch out from its yellow box it was brand new.The buttons below and above the crown are so poorly made it.I can not even describe how bad they are . They dont have a screw or a lock function soyou will be chancing the date without noticing it . It is really easy trust me . Buttons are horrible.The main problem is , watch last me only 10 minutes . It stoped after 10 minutes . Wasnt a battery problem.Mechanism in the watch was broken . Yeah ... Go figure it out ...
 I had this watch for 3 years and went through 3 batteries . It does not keep time anymore . Looks nice but is a wasted purchase !
 I purchased this watch as a Christmas gift last year . A + to Amazon for their shipping , handling and all round transaction.I really love the look of the watch . It is just the right size and weight for me . I really like the color as well . That 's the ONLY reason I gave it 2 stars.There are complaints about the weight and I found it perfect . The common complaint about the dial size was another issue . Personally I was fine with the size of it.But I should have taken the `` LOSE TIME '' complaint seriously . I started having issues with the watch after a couple weeks . But it quickly went away and I was OK until about a month ago . I called Invicta and explained the problem and was told to replace the battery . That never fixed the problem so I called Invicta again to have the watch repaired.Their policies are a JOKE . I had to spend $ 6 to replace a battery on their recommendation , $ 8 to ship it to them and they will then bill me a further $ 20 to ship it back . So basically I paid $ 90 for a watch and I 'm in the process of spending over $ 30 to have a manufacturer 's defect repaired . To make it worse , it will be about 2 to 3 months before I get my watch back.I called customer service and spoke to a manager about my complaint and he basically said it 's policy , and `` too bad . `` I really like the look of the watch , but I wished I never bought the watch , and will likely sell it or give it away when I get it back . I recommend looking elsewhere .
 The watch was good looking but too heavy and the date dials were impossible to read . Watch was returned .
 This is my first invicta watch and probably my last . It was delivered in a very nice looking box.The watch looks beautiful and it has a very nice weight to it.Well after 2 weeks i started having problems with it . First the main dial used to adjust the min and hr started pulling out by itself . It happen like 3 times so i just thought it was my fault because i kept putting my hands in my pocket . Which might cause the dial to get caught in the jean . So i stopped putting my hand in my pocket . But it still happens . Then one day it just died . i 'm glad i can still return it.but i 'm very disappointed because its a very nice watch for the price .
 I usually do n't do this reviews but this was so disappointing that I just can not let all who will come after me not to know this.I always knew that the Swiss product would be the premium quality ; it was my understanding the watch I was buying had a Swiss movement . It most likely did , but the watch I received looked cheap not as the photo on the website promised . It upset me . The watch has roman numbers on the dial , but the 4 which should be IV on the watch is just IIII which speaks for low quality . The finish on the dial seemed to be very China like , as well , and I just did not like the look of its face.These were the objections to the watch it self . Amazon.com on the other hand knows their customer service because their service was just amazing . For whatever reason , I did not like the watch no one gave me any grief ; I went to the website and just returned it . I got my label and sent it back . The return did not cost me a penny and the only loss was that I had no present for Christmas . Sure it was a big loss but that is perhaps the way you buy over the net with shipping.But the whole experience is just inviting `` come back and shop with us '' and I definitely will .
 The watch came with one hand missing . No item replacement available . I returned and still waiting for the refund .
 Understand that when reviewers say this is big , they mean it . The picture on amazon reads very flat . This watch face really shines and the color is very rich looking . It 's not the easiest thing to read in the beginning , but once you get used to it , it 's fine . It truly is a handsome piece.UPDATE
 This is a great looking watch , but the band will not stay clasped so I can not even wear it . Invicta does not warrant the band . I am not sure what good a wrist watch is if you can not wear it .
 After about two weeks I dropped this watch on the floor from just counter height . For how bulky this watch is , it should handle a simple drop . It has n't worked right since then . The time adjustment knob -LRB- middle knob -RRB- frequently gets jammed in to far causing the watch to stop . Also the chronograph timer never sets to zero any more . It sets to 20 seconds as zero . You have to pay $ 25 plus your postage to send it back to be fixed . There is a reason they get poor marks with the Better Business Bureau .
 Quality was good , but I was very disappointed with the style . The chronographs were so small there 's no way you can read them without a magnifying glass .
 I am a big fan of almost anything Kenneth Cole
 Very nice case housing a buck-three-eighty piece of Chinese trash movement . If the alarm worked , if the chime function worked , if the icons on the submicroscopic LCD display were visible or the Owner 's `` Manual '' addressed what these flyspecks were supposed to indicate , it would be a cool , if overpriced , toy . It would n't blow if the phosphor could hold a glow for more than ten minutes either.As it is , find another toy for yourself or give it as a present for someone you really dislike .
 This watch dissapoints in person . The picture shows glimmering diamonds , but in person the screws on the bezel shine more than the diamonds . Do n't buy this watch for the diamonds . I think I 'll have to return it and keep shopping . These reviews are a little misleading and so it the average star level . I mean , I ca n't find a single diamond that 's shiny even under the halogen light .
 First I have to give great praise to Amazon for great customer service . Few corporations this big still care to put customers first.Second I am sad that this beautiful watch from Oris had to be returned . It was a great deal for a watch that my girlfriend and I searched long for.With this purchase I learned that auto-winding watches have a margin of error that is supposed to be acceptable . The disclaimer on Oris website is as follows : Movement Features - How accurate is an Oris Mechanical Watch?Depending on the movement used , the average daily rate will be between +30 / -5 seconds per day . These rates are within the tolerances set by Oris and cover both automatic and handwinding watches.Unfortunately after a week of wearing the margin became unacceptable . ITS A WATCH ... HELLO ... ITS SUPPOSED TO KEEP TIME !! I called Oris and they are nice but I was told they dont even make watches with batteries because they are out of fashion . That the `` masses '' , `` people '' want self winding watches . I guess the herd mentality has struck again . I wonder why people want watches that dont keep time and when you take them off you have to put them on a rotating winder ? Whatever . When chronos or quartz or whatever the watches with batteries are in fashion again Oris will make them.So I returned it to Amazon . Too bad because I was looking to replace my Breitling from 1997 with a new Oris ... . no thanks I 'll just stay with this excellent TIME KEEPER.I just purchased a Swiss Army watch for my girl as a replacement . Hope she likes .
 This watch , being automatic must be worn in order to continue keeping the time , day and date . It often changes day and date on the 12:00 PM hour rather then the AM hour . It is nice looking however .
 I am a dive watch collector -LRB- 11 and counting -RRB- . I have a Oris Meistertraucher Regulator that I got from my local watch maker/Oris dealer and just love it.Then I made a mistake . Instead of having my local dealer order this TT1 , I ordered it from Amazon / Perfect Timing . Out of the box the watch was gaining 16 seconds a day . So , off to my watchmaker to get it timed . His opinion is that the watch has been dropped rather forcefully as the main roter balance was well out of adjustment and had to be reset before it could be fine tuned . Having a spare titanium bracelet in my box I asked that he change out the rubber strap at the same time . That 's when we found out that the band retaining screw that holds one end of the titanium pin was stripped.That problem has to go to the factory because Oris wo n't provide parts direct and we can not cut or drill out the titanium locally without damaging the watch . So , you ask why not send it back to Perfect Timing for repair ? The answer to that should be obvious.Conclusion , NEVER , NEVER again will I buy a good automatic watch through Amazon or one of their outlet houses . Better to pay more and have it right from the start .
 I ordered this for my guy , he 's 6 ' 1 '' and 190lbs ... . not a small guy and this watch was too big for him ... . not the links , they can be removed , but the case is very big ... too big . A great thing to remember ... . if you do n't know the model ... buy it in a store ! Save on shipping and TIME !!!
 Nice watch , but having trouble when i pull out the arm to make it stop and it still running . I am not happy the way it happen . I would not recommended buying this .
 IF YOU ARE THINKING OF BUYING THIS WATCH , THIS REVIEW IS FOR YOU.IF YOU ALREADY BOUGHT THIS WATCH , YOU ARE GOING TO MARK MY REVIEW AS `` NOT HELPFUL '' AND THEN PROBABLY LEAVE NASTY COMMENTS . But , you would be right . If already bought this watch , then it is too late and this review will not be helpful for you.To be honest , I have the version with the silver face without the diamond accents instead of the black face . I like the black face much better.To calibrate
 The watch came with a needle drop , it seems a poor quality control for a brand so important . Not recommended for anything better or even a Casio Fossil for that price .
 the watch is beautiful and works great but I found out that amazon is not an authorized dealer and therefore you do n't get the lifetime service guarantee from tag heuer . probably should have purchased from somewhere else .
 I bought this watch so I had a dress watch for work , received it and was not impressed . It was small and seemed very flimsy for the price that I paid . I sent it back and bought a much nicer watch and I am very happy . May work for some folks , just not for me .
 I just got a job where I now need to know the time of day fairly often -LRB- signing into areas , etc. -RRB- I read the reviews , and thought , eh it looks cool enough , it 's metal it should hold up.I like the design , and the style , but that 's where the affair ends.Day one , I open the package . Happy to see my pretty new watch . The box looks like it 's been opened , and maybe the watch has been used . I look at the face , it looks well , heat damaged . There 's swirls and crap , looks hazy maybe it 's been opened?Day two , first day of work with wearing it . It 's a watch . It tells me the time . I get home and notice the band is scratched ? I have n't even been near an abrasive surface , just wow ! This is s *** ! Day three , I went to see my parent 's and tell them about my new job , and also to show off my new watch!First comment
 I bought it for 52 $ , when I received it , I was disappointed ... It 's not worth for 52 $ . Very old fashioned and not at all attractive ... Pictures shown here are deceptive .
 I bought this watch and the glo light stopped working only days after the manufacturers warranty expired . It keeps decent time , but i needed to have a watch with a night light , so I am very unhappy this product broke while it was so new . Probably should find another brand .
 This is a bad quality watch , because after 3 months using it , it just stop working . It does not show the hour . The worst thing is that the warranty that amazon give does not cuber it . This is not fear and i really about this service . Jeff Bezos you should do somthing about it because this is not fear .
 I loved the shape of the watch face and the weight however it stopped working after 14 months . I realize it was n't an expensive purchase however I expected the watch would have lasted longer . I would suggest spending a little more money for a reliable time piece.Too bad ...
 Beautiful watch , but it 's to small for a man . It would be a great one if it were bigger . That 's why a rated with 2 stars .
 Unfortunately , this watch did not live up to expectations ... It is more a woman 's ' watch than for a man ... I had no issues with the features etc , but for me , just too small . . I phoned amazon , spoke to a customer service person who without question accepted my explanation . . I returned the watch and purchased another Nautica watch which I am more than 100 % happy with ... Thank you Amazon for your promptness in refunding my purchase ... I am more than satisfied with the service I receive ... Some times the pictures do not do justice to the product being advertised ...
 About 8 months after I purchased this watch , it stopped running . It started again when I shook it . This has become a more-or-less weekly occurrence . Now it 's 10 months old and the date indicator is jammed between two numbers .
 I received this watch and believe it is misrepresented as a ladies watch as it is larger and heavier than most men 's watches . It should be categorized as a man 's watch .
 I bought two from Amazon.com . One is good . The other one 's second hand walks every 4 seconds . Do n't know if it is a fake .
 The watch after one month approximately stopped working . Despite my explicit request before purchasing -LRB- following the suggestion of anotehr purchaser -RRB- , the International warranty Card was not filled and stamped by the seller , i.e. it is not vbalid . A Omega authorized dealer in my home-town in fact did not accepted the warranty for repair . Now the watch is in his hands to be sent to Omega . I have no idea of the problem and how expensive it will be the repair it . So the all excercise is bad and deceiving , and it would have been less expensive and more assuring to purchase the watch by an authorized dealer doing things according to the books and suggested retailer price - In fact I saved nothing and I do not have the watch !
 Very nice looking watch . Like the style but when I put it on with the light reflecting off the watch face it was very hard to read.Had to return and exchange for a different style .
 I got this watch as a gift and immediately was thrilled since I was at a large dark party and did not take the time to read each phrase on the watch face.I must say , first of all , that the `` casual '' Harry Potter fan might enjoy this watch and it seems decent quality to me . I , however , am a SERIOUS Harry Potter fan and there are some major problems with this watch.First of all the hands are supposed to be named . I understand for a functioning watch it might not be exactly the same , but the minute and hour hands could have a name on them for fun ... But the main thing - DENTIST ??? DENTIST ?!?!?!?! There are no magical Dentists . The only time dentists are mentioned is Hermione 's parents who are both muggles and dentists . Witches and wizards go to Healers , not doctors , and I imagine JK Rowling has imagined a wizarding world dental care specialist , we just do not know the term for it , but I am certain that magical parents do not bring their children to muggle dentists for them to drill and cut and ... you get the picture ... If you 're gon na rip off the ideas of imaginative and brilliant authors at least get their stuff right !
 Nice looking watch , albeit a little bit more chunky than the pictures implied . More seriously , it arrived nonfunctional . It turned out that it was just a dead battery , but that forced me to pay another 25 % to the price of this admittedly inexpensive watch just to get it to work as advertised .
 Was pretty impressed by the design of the watch but was very dissapointed that the watch died on me 2 days ago , slightly 2 months plus just after i bought it -LRB- bought on 17 Oct 2006 -RRB- . Despite it was on discount , but I am still paying more than US$ 100 for it !! I lives in Singapore and purposely to engage my Friend who happened to fly to US for business trip to hand carry back for me , now that no Invicta outlet in Singapore , I am completely lost , do not know what should i be doing with my Invicta Women 's Cellestial Chronograph Brown Python Watch # 2607 .
 Broke off and lost in the the same day we received it . I guess you get what you pay for .
 I WONDER WHY THE SOLD OUT BETTY BOOP LIMITED EDITION POCKET WATCH IS STILL BEING ADVERTISED ? ... after they wrote and told me they have none of these to sell . Yes I 'm disappointed , nothing special shopping here !! ... surprized they did n't charge me too .
 My battery seems to be dead , possibly caused by wearing long sleeved shirts in the winter . Now , I 'll have to find a repair place.Also , the watch band is lousy . The strap guard constantly slides around , making me have to secure it several times a day . You 'd think that if they were so clever to figure out a new charging method , they would also put a decent watchband on it as well.It is a pain in the neck ...
 The watch works well , however the battery has started to die after only 3-4 months of operation .
 I was intrigued by the concept of this watch with a rechargeable battery and time-signal radio receiver . The battery does indeed recharge fully with one hour 's worth of direct , unimpeded sunlight . However , the automatic update by the Colorado-based radio time signal is problematic . Living on the east coast , it has not updated automatically even once since I purchased it , even though I dutifully put it next to a window -LRB- as suggested -RRB- before going to sleep . But this requirement brings up another poorly thought-out design
 Within 21/2 months , it stopped working , left it in the sun about 1000 hours . Pennys said the solar battery sometimes goes bad and they could n't replace it themselves , told me I had to send it in to Casio to get the battery replaced , so I rummaged around for the warranty . Called Casio . They inform you of a service location , which is 1 hour 's drive from my office and only open while I have to be at work ... Maybe it 's a fabulous watch , but the warranty will run out before I can get it fixed .
 i have yet to recieve this item and i ordered it a month ago . i was supposed to get it while i was home on leave but that didnt happen . now im back in baghdad and dont kno when ill get it .
 Watch was beat up , impossible to adjust the wristband , and even harder to arrange a return . Never again .
 I bought this watch for my husband , but did n't take the time to read the description carefully . So it 's my fault I had to send it back . He is in the Army and leaving soon for Iraq . I thought this sturdy watch would be a perfect gift . Unfortunately it does not work if you 're more than 2,000 miles from Colorado . If you are not going to leave the continental United States I suppose it would be a good watch .
 Bought this item in April 2007 . It stopped working roughly 2 years later.The problem is the battery does not get recharged . This causes the watch to intermittently lose it 's display , and to miss alarms . I left the watch on the window sill for a long time -LRB- 6 month or more -RRB- , to give it a chance to fully recharge , but it is still failing in the same way.In addition , I had a bad experience with Casio repair center with a different watch . And in addition to that I read that someone replaced the battery on a similar watch for a similar problem , but the watch still did nor work right . The battery was not a problem , it was the whole mechanism that was taking too much energy from the battery . That person complained that Casio did not own up to the problem . This rings true with my own experience.Because of all of these items I am not even going to repair the watch.I would give the lowest score for this item , but I gave 2 stars because the idea of the watch and it 's price make it very desirable . Namely , this watch is suppose to work `` forever '' , and you never have to touch it to set the time or day light savings . Also it stands up to use
 Be careful , there is no warranty for this watch !!!! I bought it 3 months ago and it stopped working after 2 weeks . I returned it to `` The Time Machine '' in California to get it fixed ; which is an authorized return and warranty shop for Casio and they said it would cost $ 90 to fix it -LRB- I paid $ 85 for it on Amazon -RRB- . They also informed me there is no warranty for watches bought through Amazon or other resellers.IT is a cool watch ... but be careful because if it breaks , you are stuck with it .
 I had the GMT for about 8 months . Beautiful watch , however ... It scratches as easily as any other watch I have -LRB- TAG , Omega , Breitling , etc -RRB- . Note the arrow on the BEZEL , it NEVER lines up with the arrow on the dial . The arrow on the bezel never lines up with the coin turned outer rim of the bezel . At these prices , everything should be aligned perfectly . The locking clasp reminds me of a really low budget watch . After the new excitement wore off -LRB- kinda like a new car -RRB- , I sold it at quite a loss , and bought another Omega , although they 're not perfect either -LRB- ditto Breitling - should be `` closely precision '' instruments -RRB- .
 Watch seemed perfectly fine . Just be prepaired for a watch so large it doesnt fit under your shirt sleeve . If you like really big watches this ones for you .
 I 've owned 3 of these watches and all three are broke . First one just stopped working , had the battery changed , still does n't work . Second one one of the hands fell off took it back and got the third one , which now has the same problem.Biggest problem was the third one broke while in Jamaica leving me not know what time I need to be back on tour bus , so I ended up at the bus an 11/2 hours early . Looks good though .
 After some time the pins fall off and its a pain to get em back , it starts with one pin and then once u fix it the rest start coming off , guess for the discount price its worth it , but the pins are a pain , at its current price would invest in something else ...
 The differentiating feature of this watch is the compass function . It simply does not work - not even close . In addition the watchband poorly designed - very uncomfortable and difficult to use .
 ... does n't keep time well . The track record on these lower end models is rather horrible . The gears tend to slip , skipping time and often sticking completely . The date is also hit and miss as it will advance with no easy method of reversal.The face does have additional detail which can not be seen in the image , having rings surrounding the dial . Not recommended .
 does n't keep time well . The track record on these lower end models is rather horrible . The gears tend to slip , skipping time and often sticking completely . The date is also hit and miss as it will advance with no easy method of reversal.The face does have additional detail which can not be seen in the image , having rings surrounding the dial . Not recommended .
 Great watch with easy to set alarm . Although it quit working when the battery died . I replaced the battery but the watch quit working .
 Its very Good Watch bit it looks like bigger then it in real so enjoy
 Calendar not working right from the beginning of operation of the clock!Very bad quality!Calendar not working right from the beginning of operation of the clock!Very bad quality !
 -LSB- Timex Men 's T47902 Expedition Easy Set Alarm Brown Leather Strap Watch , purchased thru Amazon -RSB- This watch was working fine - The first shortcoming was that it would not do enough `` over one hour '' settings for my schedule -LRB- I got around that by re-setting when necessary -RRB- . My major problem is that the alarm set stem detached entirely from the watch while I was trying to do a `` set '' job for the day . So far , have not found a way to make it acceptable to the watch any longer . Ergo - Another `` Does n't work any more '' watch in my desk drawer - -LRB- Yawn -RRB- . Disappointedly , Ol' T. . Timex Men 's T47902 Expedition Easy Set Alarm Brown Leather Strap Watch
 The watch feels and looks very good on my wrist and feels comfortable . The issues I have are that I do n't like the alarm or date set features . I decided that since I will seldom , if ever , use the alarm function I could live with the extremely soft beep sound it emits . Way too soft to awaken me . Setting the date function is elusive as you ca n't tell if you have the day setting aligned to 12 noon or 12 midnight -LRB- when the day changes -RRB- so it 's easy to be 12 hours off , and then when attempting to correct this there is no indication or feel that you have done so correctly so you may end up off 12 hours in the opposite direction from where you started . It can be frustrating and it 's a process you have to go through whenever there is a month with fewer than 31 days . If Timex could fix the day set issue I 'd be happy to give this 4 stars and if they would also do something about the faint alarm sound it would easily get 5 .
 I like this watch because it is fairly thin , however I have never been able to set the alarm , and now it has moisture in it after 18 months . The watch has never been deeper than 10 feet . The strap lasted about 9 months , but that is to be expected . The warranty is only 12 months , so I will wait for it to stop and find a better watch .
 The easy-set alarm is great -- fast and convenient . However , the alarm became unreliable after about 2 years , as it depends on the tiny pull-out stem to activate it , which became sticky , and therefore the alarm sometimes fails to go off . An unreliable alarm is worse than no alarm . Another problem
 Although I own several pricy watches , I picked up a Timex Expedition on a whim at Walmart several years ago . It was a bargain . It kept time perfectly and , surprisingly , became my favorite watch . I replaced two watch bands over the past three years -LRB- watch bands that fit Timex 's are hard to find -RRB- and when the battery and third band wore out , I decided to just replace the watch . I saw this model with an alarm and thought it would be similar to the previous one . It is n't . This is a big , bulky , thick watch . It also has a Chinese made `` mystery leather '' band long enough to fit around the thigh of a Sumo wrestler . The alarm markings on the crown are not properly aligned with the alarm indicators and when the alarm is set , it looks lopsided . The watch as pictured shows a white face . It is n't . It 's a dirty shade of beige . To set the alarm the lower stem needs to be pulled out and stay out or the alarm is cancelled . If you 're not careful and flex your wrist , the alarm will shut off . It 's also difficult to pull the alarm stem without taking the watch off your wrist.I realize this is n't a Rolex but the quality of this Philippine/Chinese assembled watch is n't up to par with my previous one . The `` instructions '' look like they were were printed on third world toilet tissue and are not specific to this model . For $ 34.00 it is n't worth returning , especially since you 'll destroy the packaging just trying to rip the thing out of the box . Ai n't third world products wonderful ?
 This watch broke after 3 months . The crown that controls the timer is broken and when I pull it out it just falls out of the watch . Turning the bezel does n't change the alarm setting anymore . There is a 1-year warranty but they make you send in shipping both ways . That would amount to $ 7 I have to spend to ship it to them in addition to $ 8 that they require you send them to cover return shipping . This is completely unreasonable for a $ 35 watch -LRB- shipping is half what I paid for it -RRB- that will probably break again . I will not buy this watch again and probably never from Timex again . I do not recommend this watch at all since it has broken with regular use .
 Received it joyfully , wore it for one month , normal use , then the band by the pin cracked and ripped . So disappointed , read teh warranty and the band is not included ! Watch functions ok , but no strap , now what to do ? They should at least warranty the whole watch 3months or something ! Do n't buy due to band !!!! Edit
 Regardless of its excellent features , the buttons on this watch are tiny . Do n't let the photo fool you - those four protrusions are just big knobs that house four pinhead-sized buttons that take great force to push , and are VERY painful to use . Why nobody seems to mention this problem in their reviews of this watch is a mystery to me . I have read some reviews of other timex watches , even ones with large buttons , that complain of this problem . One reviewer said of the Timex Expedition Trail Series watch `` maybe one is supposed to put the watch in a vise and then use a screwdriver to push the buttons . '' And that watch has very large buttons.My fingers are not particularly sensitive and I have a very high tolerance for pain , so I can only figure everyone else is using thimbles or something to set their watches.No more Timex for me - back to Casio .
 The seller shipped very promptly and I was very glad when I found it in mymailbox . However , when I tried to use it the nightmare began . Two out of the three bits I put on the opener kept falling off when I tried to open my watch case . I had to jam some paper towl into the socket to hold the bits in place ! While I finally opened and closed the case with it , it added numerous scratches to the case back . Do n't buy this item !
 Just received it . Boy was I disappointed ! The product comes in a very very poorly constructed wooden box that has Chinese characters on the top . I didnt even know that that type of wood existed . Must have come from a sick tree . The box top and bottom do n't line up well . The tool itself comes covered in oil to prevent rusting . Unfortunately , so did everything else . The opener is very flimsy . All of sockets that come with the tool are all about the same size . Resembles something you would buy in Chinatown . On a good note , I was able to use it to open the watch casing .
 One of the holes is kind of loose . It did not hold the clamp . I have the holes facing up to put in the clamps . After the clamps were put in , I turn it over and one of the clamps fell . In oder to use it , I have to leave this wrench up side down and have the watch on top of it . The dial which is for adjusting the size was not giving a tight grip . After adjusting to the size of the back of the watch , the dial moves when I turn the wrench to open the watch .
 The dies are from small to tiny . The opener has not lock into position so as you are tryting to open its slipping off.Don ' t throw your mopney away .
 Box was rusty . No instructions were enclosed . Tool was covered in a thick smelly oil . Entire kit appeared to be previously used -- although it was sold as `` new . ''
 I buy Timex sports watches every few years , but I just bought this one a couple of months ago . Almost instantly , the leather band started falling apart along the adjustable straps . Need to go through the hassle of returning it for repairs or exchange , which as most you probably know , is a major pain .
 Again a problem with my order because of the picture quality . I purchased this for my daughter based on the color of blue and white.There is no white in this watch . It is a very masculine dark navy blue and dark grey coloring . I 'm going to give it to her and let her decide if she wants to return it or not . I learned my lesson NOT to purchase watches without seeing in person .
 I PURCHASED A TIMEX EXPEDITION ADULT MODEL WATCH FROM AMAZON A FEW MONTHS AGO . IT ONLY LASTED ABOUT 90 DAYS.JUST QUIT WENT BLANK , NO LONGER FUNCTIONED.DIGITAL WATCHES ARE REDICULOUSLY RELIABLE.NOT THIS ONE .
 I was hoping battery will come for at least couple of years . But it lasted for year or so with minimal usage
 The watch keeps losing minutes , and the light wo n't come on , anymore . Took it in for a new battery , and that did n't do anything for it . Too expensive , $ 28 , for it to fall apart so quickly .
 Definitely not water resistant . Failed from use in a swimming pool . I 've had several other timex expedition products and they were not much better . Expedition watches are not very rugged . I 've had it with Timex all the way around .
 I just bought this watch a couple months ago and it broke . It says its good up to 100 meters but that 's a lie . I went swimming in a swimming pool and it leaked , its still working but i ca n't read the screen at all . I bought this watch because it was almost like my old watch that worked just fine for 7 years . I took that one scuba diving tons , it went with me to about 115 feet and it never got any water in it . But this one is horrible it died in less than 5 feet of water .
 As soon as I opened the box , I saw that the display was too dark ... not the same as shown here .
 Leaked after first swim in the pool . My last expedition survived hundreds of swims . Will be returning asap . Not sure if i 'll go timex again .
 Honestly , I thought I was missing something so I read the directions twice . No . I was n't ... there 's no indication that you can review split times . After going online to see if there was some other soul that cracked the code , I was disappointed to read other reviews on this topic . Then I actually called Timex because I thought that this was such a strange oversight . NO DATA RECALL . What 's the point of taking splits if you ca n't review the split after the event is completed ? I do n't get it . I guess that Timex assumes that you will glance at the display during the 10 second delay with a notepad and pen in hand and record the splits as you take them . Well , this watch is n't going to the San Diego Rock and Roll marathon with me . It 's going back to Target . Try again Timex . I was a big fan of your watches , but you lost me on this one . Not good . A waste of my time , money , and gas .
 The FEATURES of this watch are great , which is why I 've bought several of them . HOWEVER , like `` clockwork , '' -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- this watch breaks after 11 months . The center button that turns on the Indiglo light and turns off the alarm stops working.You might think I just got a bad model . It happens . HOWEVER , every single Expedition I have purchased has had the Indiglo button go bad after 11 months . Just how foolish am I ? I 've purchased 5 of these things . EVERY SINGLE ONE has had the button go bad after 11 months . Shame on me for being so gullible as to buy 5 of these . I 've essentially paid $ 150 for a $ 30 watch.Forget about getting any service from Timex . By the time you 've paid for shipping and repair , you could just buy a new one . -LRB- which I did , 5 times -RRB- Alas , the FEATURES and design of the watch are great , just what I wanted , but SHAME ON TIMEX for intentionally building obsolescence into a watch that COULD have been a great value and recommendation for the company . Instead , Timex has abandoned their old mantra of `` takes a licking and keeps on ticking '' and replaced it with poor service and the intention of bilking their customers.Soon I will be making a video of my shameful watch collection and posting it on youtube . Amazon should change the purchase price on this watch to a RENTAL price . Obviously I will be searching for a different , more reliable watch brand that has the same features as the Expedition.Shame , shame . Ironically , my 90 year old father is still wearing a Timex he purchased in 1960 , and it still works .
 The official description of this product does n't mention the type of band closure , and it is not shown in the picture . I relied on information provided by other reviewers and chose this watch because several of them mentioned the Velcro closure . I never would have purchased this product if I had known about the metal buckle .
 Within a few weeks there were many scuffs on the watch face . It had gotten to the point where I had to angle my wrist in a certain position to be able to see the time.The leather band literally disintegrated after 8 months of wear .
 I bought this watch retail for $ 35 because as a clinician , I need to wash my hands all day . The watch is working out alright , but the watchband is lousy . It bleeds brown die all over my white clothes and papers . Why would Timex put a band that does not tolerate getting wet on a watch that is designed to be water resistant ?
 Supposed to be good down to 100M ... . Just do n't take a shower with it on !!! I did and fogged up and stooped working !!!
 Band broke in less than three months . Very disappointing . I bought five of these watches as gifts . Two still have bands intact . Neither of those were ever worn -LRB- too small -RRB- . The other ones were used as daily watches . All those bands have failed . Very disappointing .
 Bought this watch three months ago prior to a military deployment , used it for two months , primarily to keep time while runnning and doing timed exercises . The band broke right after finishing a run at the loop where it connects to the watch . I 've had similar watches in the past that have been treated much less delicately and have had no issues . A real disappointment .
 It has a good strong alarm , and the three alarms with daily/weekday/weekend options are very handy . Also not a huge watch , very well-sized for smaller arms like mine . I had one for a couple of years that finally go too scratched up . I replaced it with another , and after one diop in the pool the crystal completely fogged up . So much for the 100 mete , good for anything up to and including snorkel diving !
 This watch was entirely too heavy and bulky ! I sent it back and ordered another watch . If I had looked at the weight of the product , I might have realized it before purchasing it . When my 26 year old son tried it on , it was not practical to be a pilot with this huge watch on his wrist . When we returned to Amazon to look for another watch , we compared the weights ... this watch was almost 4 times as heavy as a watch we ordered to replace it .
 Nice looking functional watch.It is advertised as having a velcro Fast Wrap watch strap but instead came with a standard buckle watch band .
 Reading on the amazon website that it was 40 mm -LRB- case size -RRB- , i ordered online.However i received 8938A instead of 8938 that is a 35 mm size
 I am returning this watch . It DOES NOT have a screw down security crown like it says on the Invicta web site . Apparently they changed it but did not update the website . The crown just pushed in , does not screw in . So beware , if you want a diver watch with a screw down security crown , do not buy this one .
 Christmas present for my son . The water resistant feature failed and the watch stopped . I went to the Invicta web site to figure out the warranty repair process and was surprised to read Invicta wants a payment of $ 28 to return the watch after repairs . That 's a lot of money for a watch that only cost $ 52 . $ 28 return shipping for a watch is ridiculous .
 Liked the look of watch , but I could not adjust the time because of the Stem being stuck in place . Otherwise the look of the watch was pleasing to the eye .
 The watch arrived very late , and when it did , it was very much different than the description . It looks as if it were an expensive watch but ended up feeling very cheap , especially the buckle . Soon after it arrived , the second hand kept getting stuck on the minute hand causing the time to be wrong frequently . In addition , it is supposed to be a divers watch and water resistant however water can easily get in through the crown . Overall , not what I expected and not the best product .
 This watch looks awesome . Out of the box , it gains 15 seconds an hour , or 6 minutes a day . . Invicta quality control dropped the ball on this one . Looks great , functionly inept .
 This thing is worthless , looks good , but calendar function is broke , , runs BOTH fast and slow !! How can a company that wants to stay in business make such crap !!??
 unfortunately you need to buy a winder with this watch . Otherwise the watch stops unexpectedly when you least expect it . This watch must have very cheapautomatic mechanism , it does n't stay wound for long and goes dead on you often . It 's a very nice watch -LRB- Submariner copy -RRB- especially the color of the dial and the bezel . Should the watch stay wound reasonable time , I 'd buy it again .
 I bought this watch in 2008 and it worked fine for about one year . The bezel fell off in water one day but I was able to retrieve it and put it back on . Over the course of another year , the bezel fell off several times . It finally fell off without my knowledge and I lost it . You have to wear the watch 24 hours a day or it will stop running . The self winding would not carry it through 7 hours while sitting on the night stand . After about a year and a half , the watch began to gain time . After losing the bezel , I gave up and bought a Citizen watch that is much better quality .
 This item does n't word properly and it 's not water resistant . I have send it back for return . sorry . It look very nice but I was so disappointed .
 Watch did not function properly upon arrival , choose another INVICTA Pro diver watch before this one.J
 This is a very nice looking watch , it is too bad that it does n't work . I guess I now know why it seemed to be such a good deal when I got it . If I was sitting on a large quanity of them I would let them go for nothing . No sense in making good costomers not want to buy anything else from you . This review is for Amazon as well as the rest of us .
 Band is cheap , screams poor quality , `` automatic '' movement lasts less than 12 hours . You get what you pay for . Get a real watch .
 The first one of these watches I purchased at Amazon quit working within one month . The self winding movement on these watches is such that you have to wear the watch 24 hours a day 7days a week or it will quit running . The second watch sent as a replacement started gaining time after a month or two of wearing it . When I threw it in the trash , it had reached a point where it was gaining one minute every day . Seiko has been making self winding watches for years and they keep perfect time and wo n't quit working if you take them off for a day or two . this watch may look like a combination of a Rolex Submariner , and a watch made by Breitling , but the movement is junk , and I am surprised that Amazon continues to sell them considering how many of them get returned .
 Whilst the product arrived in a very timely manner and packaging was impeccable and the watch kept excellent accuracy , this was counteacted by the watch stopping most nights neccessitating the time to be reset nearly every morning .
 After recieving this watch I was very impressed . That lasted for 3 weeks only . I travel for extended periods of time so could not send it back . The pin on the band fell out . I spent $ 20 at a mall fix it shop and the same thing happened within a week , again in a differant town . I looks nice but if you do n't wear it at least 10 hours a day it will stop running in the middle of the night . Looks are not everything . It 's falling apart and will not stay running unless it is worn most of the day .
 I liked the way it had a very high quality finish . But It was defective right out of the box . I was so disapointed in the way it started to gain time every hour . 2 hours in about 12 or so hours . Then I heard from other people on the invicta site about the poor quality internal workings . A friend of mine payed much more for his and He said , `` I would have been better off buying a 20 dollar Rolex knock-off at the swap meet ''
 It may look good but the perpetual winding lasts about 8 hours . You have to change the time every morning , since while you are sleeping the watch dies ! would not recommend !
 Watch looks fine but date can not be adjusted . Help ! Ca n't adjust the date , what can I do , also your link amazonservice@invictawatch.com does n't lead to any assistance . What 's going on ?
 Beautiful watch ... brand newA gift for my husband ... straight out of the box . . The stem will not move . . its jammedUnable to set the watch.It takes 2-3 months to get it fixed or replaced via invicta ... No mos for me .
 The band is cheap and the gold on the band rubs off very easy . It costs more to buy a replacemnet band than the original watch . You ca n't even buy a better quality band .
 The watch looks sharp . The gold on the band is only on the top of the link . I think it will wear off fast . I set the watch at noon time . In 3 hrs . it was 15 min . fast . Packed the watch and sent it back . I have a seiko skx009 for 6 years and it is only off by 5 sec . a day . I just wish the seiko looked as nice as this watch . I will be looking for a deal on a seiko skx007 .
 This watch is junk . Setting the movement was difficult . The watch is `` rated '' for a depth of 200 meters but fogged up from the inside after being placed on an adjacent counter adjacent to a running shower , after which the second hand detached from the spindle . Stay away from this watch .
 This will supersede my glowing review that I posted below . Since the honeymoon wore off , I find it loses about 5 to 10 mins per week ! And I keep it wound by activity , except when I 'm sleeping.The band has also broken 3x and that 's just poor craftsmanship.The band also comes unclasped if I shake my left arm a bit . Falls right off.The only thing I can say for this shiny piece of crap , is it looks good , but so does a fake Ferrari or a $ 20 whore from 100 yards away . -LSB- PRIOR REVIEW BELOW -RSB- I bought this watch about 6 mos ago now , and I love it . Tells time perfectly , looks great , feels great , and just gets the job done . Only criticism is the supposedly magnified date indicator is still pretty small to read.OK , now that I 've owned this beautiful watch for over a year , I find it loses a couple minutes here and there , and I have to re-set the time about once a month . Maybe I 'm not waving my arm around enough to keep it wound up , but it is annoying to have to re-set the time .
 watch stops when you dont wear it.not a user friendly watch , time has to be set everytime you wear it . date is not accurate , has to be set again and again.does look very elegant when you wear it .
 It was broken when I got the watch . Would not recommend it to no body it looks good but the quality is sucks
 This watch did not work from the moment I received it . I have owned automatic watches before , so I know how they should work , and this one does not . The date could not be set except by winding through the hours . The hands would not continue to move even after I followed the specified activation and winding instructions . The watch looks good , and I would have kept it if it had worked . As to the water-proofness and long-term reliability , I guess I 'll never know . So far , the Amazon return process seems good , and I am hopeful of receiving a full and prompt refund .
 The watch looks nice , but it doesnt keep time . When i set it down it stops moving and i have to manually adjust the time every time i want to wear it . It is a piece of junk and doesnt do its job .
 I just got off the phone with one of your customer service represenatives . I had to order the endpiece to a watch band -LRB- the end piece that is closest to the watch itself . -RRB- 5 dollars for that itty bitty piece but hey it is what it is but THEN came the news that really annoyed me . It can take 90 days for you to receive this !! Are you serious 90 days . . ok how bout if I order a whole brand new band ? Nope still 90 days ! She goes on to tell me that watch or screw or band it doesnt matter it can take a full 90 days . Im thinking Im not speaking to INVICTA but sure enough this is INVICTA . We dont keep stock here she said we order it from switzerland . Needless to say I am horribly dissappointed . I have ordered 2 Invicta watches in the pst but certainly dont want to do that again . It is ridiculous that something as siple as a screw or endpiece or even a whole band takes 3 months to get . Outrageous ! Sorely dissapointed over here !
 This watch lasted 8 months before it stopped running . 1year warranty from Invicta which costs $ 28.00 and takes about 4 weeks from the date you ship and when you receive the repaired watch .
 I 've sent my watch in twice for service -LRB- which took 6 mos the first time , and now they are replacing with a new watch -LRB- not of my choice really -RRB- -RRB- . Their customer service is TERRIBLE , and the watch is unreliable . I got it , and it came in , and within a week it broke -LRB- had condensation inside the dial -RRB- . I sent it in , and got it back in March -LRB- sent it in , in September -RRB- . Within two weeks of getting my fixed watch back , it was having the same problem . The watch looks nice , but under the looks it 's a hunk of junk . Zero stars , and even worse for their customer care -LRB- Check the better business bureau if you do n't believe me -RRB- .
 I had really looked forward to getting this watch and really regreted it when I did.I have another Pro diver -LRB- an 8932 -RRB- . It works well . This one did n't . The unidirectional dial was EXTREMELY difficult to move . My current model is an exceptionally accurate timepiece . This model was exceptional in that it lost so much time every day ; about 7 minutes -LRB- + / - -RRB- . I 'm not saying that is n't an anomoly for the watch but , after being so disappointed , I did n't want to take the chance on another one ... . However , it IS A GOOD LOOKING WATCH . Own it a day or two before resizing . If you resize it , it ca n't be returned ! My advice , choose a different model ... . or buy a good , dependable Timex .
 Crappy gold plate rubs off after a day or two on the band . The band broke after 4 months of use . Not worth it , buy a fossil .
 the watch looks nice but is cheap because of its price . there 's a reason why they copied rolexs look , your basically buying a fake rolex .
 Buyer be wear of this product . I order this product because of the styling and price . I received the first product broken in the box , and Amazon.com sent me a new one which stopped working after 5 minutes . I follow winding instruction and it still did not work . I was very disappointed in this product also . Amazon.com had help me by refunding my money , but the product manufacture offer this customer nothing . Good luck if you purchase this product . AC
 I love the looks of this watch . closest thing to the Rolex model 16613 you can find for 50 times less !!! However , the band adjustment is a nightmare ! I realy feel betrayed and shafted by Invicta and I will probably not buy another.The main problem ? the screws -LRB- Or pushpins -RRB- on the band links are so incredibly small that you ca n't adjust them your self . You have to send it in to be adjusted . $ 20 shipping fee -LRB- ABSOLUTLY ABSERD ! -RRB- $ 10 to do the adjustment , and another $ 20 plus to ship it back ? Very disappointing Invicta !! I 'm going to try to find a local jeweler to do the adjustmnet for much less . Untill then I 'm Sticking to my Croton which I was able to adjust myself for , Ready for this Invicta ? FREE!In conclusion it seems like a good watch but I feel absolutely taken on this one . Buy the Croton instead based on the much easier band adjusment alone .
 As my father always said , if something seems too good to be true ; it probably is.At first glance , this watch looks great . When I took it out of the box I was very happy with my $ 90 purchase . However , this did not last long . As with most watches of this type , the band is huge - if you have even a normal size wrist you will need to get it sized . No problem , I expected that - in fact I always do it myself as the process is relatively simple . Not with this watch . Everything is unbelievably tight and jammed on this watch . After a few hours -LRB- I even cut myself on the sharp bezel -RRB- I was able to remove the appropriate number of bands . The next problem came when I tried to set the time and date . The crown -LRB- gold nub on the right-hand side -RRB- was just as jammed as the pins on the band . I consider myself to be a strong , in-shape man and I could not pull it out of its original position . After about 30 minutes of frustration , I got a pair of pliers and tried maneuvering the crown with those . I still could n't get the crown until I yanked on the pliers with all my strength and the entire crown and pin came flying out of the watch . Somehow I was able to get it back in the watch and after much prayer and a little bit of luck I could set the time . After all of this , I examined the watch some more and was very unhappy to find that the &#34; gold &#34; links on the band were already fading . Its such a shame , I had incredibly high hopes for this watch . I have n't contacted customer service yet , but from the other reviews it looks like I 'm going to run into problems there too . My advice
 My wife purchased a new Invicta 8928 10 months ago for my birthday . It 's a very nice looking watch . Several people I work with have Rolex or Tag watches that look almost identical . . one person thought it was a new Rolex . Hence , you ca n't deny it 's a nice looking watch . If it held up as well as it looks , it would get a 5 star review . However , about 2 months ago , one of the press fit watchband links started to come off . I had taken it to my jeweler twice in an attempt to get it to stay on . They could n't promise it would work because it was a defect in manufacturing . Well , this morning I noticed that the press fit part of the band was gone . The watch is down to 3 stars at this point . I called Invicta Customer Service . Found out that the watch band is n't covered by the 1 year warranty . -LRB- Unless you pay them to repair it or replace it and only THEN is there a 1 year warranty on the watch band . -RRB- To replace the piece would be $ 38 and would take months to get the watch back and there 's no assurance that I would n't have to ship it back in another couple of months for the same problem . To have them replace the band with a new one would be $ 62 and would take months to get the watch back . Plus , if I mail the watch to them that 's more expense and hassle . So I decided to pay $ 52 to have them send me a new band and I 'd replace it myself . Then I 'm told it 'll take 90 DAYS FOR THEM TO SHIP ME THE REPLACEMENT BAND . 90 Days ?! No . The watch is n't worth that frustration . Now it 's only 1 star . I 'd give it less if I could . In a nutshell , the watch looks really nice , has poor quality workmanship , poor warranty coverage and very lousy customer service . I will never purchase another Invicta .
 Received this watch one year ago for Christmas . Found it could barely make it one day if not worn -LRB- self-winding -RRB- so had to continually re-set it . It gained over 45 seconds every day which can be VERY irritating . After one month , I found the crystal had shattered unbeknownst to me , and the pieces had fallen into the movement , causing it to stop . Very difficult to get customer service to work with me , and ended up spending $ 40 just for a new crystal - plus shipping , and also trying to get them to adjust the accuracy of the timekeeping . It has now been over 8 months in service , and they finally -LRB- after many , many contact attempts -RRB- admitted that they have lost it . My instructions are to pick another one at the same price or less . I am reading the reviews , and just can not pick one , since they appear to have such inconsistant quality . Will not get another self-winding one , since I want to be able to skip a day or so from wearing it without spending all that time to reset it every time I wear it . So I actually had it up and running for a total of about 6 weeks out of the last year , and it did not keep time during those six weeks and it has a super fragile crystal . I 'm used to my Wenger , which can basically be used as a hammer to pound nails for 10 years without any problems at all , and does not claim to be hundreds and hundreds of dollars more in list price .
 Wife bought me this watch for Christmas 2011 . It 's my 2nd Invicta . I love the feel & Looks of the watch . I only wore this watch a dozen times never to work or around water . Just 5 months later in May 2012 the watch got moisture in it . Sent it back to Invicta by priority mail -LRB- $ 5.00 -RRB- for repair under warranty with a check for $ 27.00 to cover shipping it back . On June 17th called to see when watch would be repaired & sent back was told that it was scheduled to be repaired by SEP 20th . Today is Oct 10th called & was told that the watch was sent oversees for repair & wo n't be back for 2 more weeks.Send the watch oversees to repair it and it takes 5 months ???? This is my last Invicta !!! Invicta Men 's 8928OB Pro Diver Two-Tone Automatic Watch
 After 3 months the bracelet on this watch has fallen apart . Invicta wants $ 25.00 to warranty it which , I think is rediculous . I am going to have it repaired at my own expense .
 I have ordered two of these watches in the last 3 weeks and both of them did not function properly.I unscrewed the crown out to the first position -LRB- Hand Wind Position -RRB- , and it does not hand wind , it only spins freely and does not function . The date position works fine . The 3rd position -LRB- Hand Position Adjustment -RRB- the second hand remains ticking while you are trying to adjust the hands to the correct time which makes it impossible to set the watch to the exact time that you wish . Also , if you move the hands backwards , the second hand will actually tick counterclockwise . This is unacceptable!I sent the first one back immediately and then the 2nd one arrived and it 's having the same exact issues . I contacted Invicta directly and that is a waste of time , unless you are OK with paying to ship it to them , and then waiting 3 months to get it back or hear from them .
 Amazon main review claimed this was as good as a Rolex . It was defective right out of the box . Instructions state to set the time pull the grown out to the first stop and the hand stop . Not so the second had continued to tic away . Impossible to set exact correct time . After reading the warranty , I had question about its true value . Save you money and buy a dependable known brand .
 Watch gains 30 minutes or more per day . I will return it.Very nice watch . Sorry for quality control which is zero . I bought it despite the bad reviews . For the good were 70 % . The low price does not justify the poor quality performance . If INVICTA improves quality control can be a very successful brand.More than excellent care from Amazon . I will CONTINUE shopping with amazon no doubt despite the poor quality control of Invicta .
 Watch looks great , but does not stay wound , even with every day use . Has been losing time 2-5 minutes per day.Very bulky
 I bought this watch based on the description and some very glowing reviews from other customers . Some said that it strongly resembled the Rolex mariner and was a very handsome watch . I realized that a watch with such a low price tag could not really impersonate such a classic and I was right . When I received it I found it to be quite cheap looking . I did not buy it with the thought of trying to fool folks into thinking it was a Rolex but based on the picture I thought it was attractive . My main problem was with the self winding aspect of the watch . I have had this type of watch several times over the years and was always happy with them . With this watch , no matter how long I wore it during the day it would stop after about 6 hours . This was extremely bothersome especially how you had to unscrew the stem in order to reset the time . It was recommended that I purchase a self winding device to attach to the watch when not wearing it . Who needs that ? I have a pulsar that I have had now for three years that uses the eco drive design and I have been very pleased with . And a cheap Timex with a 10 year battery . I returned the Invicta and will order something else
 The watch works fine , however I was really excited to get it . I have bought a few invicta watches and honestly not all that impressed with them . Maybe it is just mee but something looks cheap about this watch . Automatic watches are a pain if it is n't an everyday watch and this is more of a dress watch so if you do n't wear it every day you are going to need to reset it every time you wear it . I believe the large sport watches are more invictas thing . For something like this I would have rather gone with a citizen or a bulova watch for a little bit more and got something I was proud to wear .
 The instructions say to screw the crown back tight after setting to avoid letting water into the case . I did that and after a couple of months of use , I noticed the crown had come loose , water had infiltrated and stopped the watch . Seems pretty fragile for a so called `` diver 's watch . '' Also , you must pre-pay return postage by cashier 's check at $ 28 each way for an $ 86 watch which might or might not be within warranty -- not a good use of my time . It is a lovely watch though .
 I was very disappointed when I took my pro diver watch swimming first time , 3 days after the delivery and to my surprise i discovered the water leaked inside my watch ... Other than that the watch looks very nice ...
 I will never again purchase another Invicta -LRB- automatic -RRB- watch due to the following issues :1 -RRB- I received my first and only Invicta Men 's 8928OB Pro Diver Two-Tone Automatic Watch as a birthday gift exactly ten months ago . For the last few months I have noticed that it loses more than 5-10 minutes several times each and EVERY day . I have have tried to both manually and automatically wind the watch throughout it 's daily wear with very little success . I can see through the exhibition glass case back and there does not appear to be anything obviously broken or out of place .2 -RRB- This watch was purchased from Amazon which includes a `` Free Upgrade '' from Invicta 's standard 1-year warranty to their `` Platinum 5-year Warranty '' . What I and probably most other Invicta customers fail to realize until they need actually need to use it , is that Invicta 's warranty will ALWAYS cost us $ 28 -LRB- plus the shipping cost to send your watch to them -RRB- EVERY TIME we use it ! They say that this cost is to cover THEIR shipping cost for sending the watch overseas to their repair facilities.I will say however that the watch does has a few very nice features : * Very heavy/sturdy material and construction * Very shiny beautiful looking watch -LRB- which often gets mistaken for a Rolex Two-Tone Submariner -RRB- * The gold -LRB- or gold-plating -RRB- on the band has survived through several scratches without showing any underlying base metal -LRB- as do most cheap gold-plated watches -RRB- Bottom Line
 Purchased this watch in July and the second hand fell of in October . Returned it to Invicta in October and after repeated request was informed today -LRB- 1/23/13 -RRB- that the watch will be repaired and ship by 4/11/13 . Almost 7 months for the repair to be completed.unbelievable .
 Normally Invicta watches are outstanding quality but this one was extremely disappointing . Way below expectations . The band is not stainless steel it is a nickel alloy and the clasp is extremely flimsy . -LRB- probably aluminum -RRB- The case is solid but the band is very lightweight . The links are definitely not solid . The gold numbers on the dial look orange as does the gold plating on the band . Good gold plating/filling should be yellowish -LRB- like solid gold -RRB- not orange . This felt like the kind of band that would turn your wrist green after a few months of wear.The bezel is nice and I prefer the old coin style . Unfortunately that is n't enough to make this a keeper.I 'm a watch fanatic and own multiple automatic watches from all the high end manufacturers . I consider Invicta to be the best watch for the money , bar none . For whatever reason this model or at least this batch with the `` Old Bezel '' -LRB- 8928 OB -RRB- falls well below what is normally a very solid watch line . Go with something else .
 BUYER BEWARE . Stopped running within the first 90 days . The watch has been at their service center for about 4 months without a word from them . This is the worst service imaginable , I will NEVER buy another Invicta product !!! Out of frustration , I bought the Croton version of this watch , and it runs and feels like my Rolex President .
 I bought this watch in December , with prompt delivery . In June moisture collected inside the watch . I called under the warranty and was told I had to pay $ 21.00 for them to ship it back ; even under the warranty . So I sent it in with my money . I had to pay another $ 28.00 as they claimed the crystal was cracked . So I paid another $ 28.00 . That 's $ 49.00 for a $ 79.00 watch , and I still do not have it back . They are giving me a tentative date of October 27 . That is FIVE MONTHS later . The watch looks good , but it is simply not worth it due to their warranty . Definately do not buy
 This Invicta watch was a Christmas gift . It operated from Dec. 25 to Dec. 30th . When it stopped working , it was beyond the 30 day return policy , so I sent it to Invicta for warranty repair . They did n't send me a post card upon receipt -LRB- as their warranty states -RRB- , so I contacted them and was told it should be returned by APRIL 18TH . PART TWO : The `` repaired '' watch was returned on April 6th . Now it gains OVER FIVE MINUTES PER HOUR . So I contacted them via email requesting replacement and they wrote back that they only replace if the watch has the same problem three times . They want me to ship the watch back to them and wait ANOTHER THREE MONTHS while they ship it back to their overseas repair center again . NOT CUSTOMER CONSIDERATE .
 I do n't normally write reviews , but I thought it was necessary this time.I opened the box , took the watch out of the box and when I unscrewed the crown to set the time , the stem came right out of the watch!When I examined the stem it appeared to be made of plastic!The watch feels substantial and looks great - but the internals are nothing but cheap junk no doubt made in China.I would avoid this watch .
 this watch looks very nice , but looses 5 minutes every week . its a shame that 84 dollar watch looses time . even 5 dollar watches give correct time . i will not buy this watch again
 This product is horrible ... it is cheaply made and does not assist with removing the back of watches . It arrived with no instructions and in a flimsy balsa wood box that was already destroyed .
 product waste of money where do i start1.case broke after 1st use .2 . attatchments hard to put on and take off sometimes just fall out .3 . tool adjustments flimsy4.slips all the time many scratches on back of cases5.good if you want ruin your watch .
 Totally not worth it . I think I will take my watch to a small shop for a battery replacement . This item it just not open my watch
 What a piece of junk . The flimsy balsa-wood box was broken upon arrival -LRB- packaging in tact and completely undamaged , it 's just that cheap -RRB- . None of the bits actually fit correctly - one was loose , the rest were so tight that I eventually just started trying them ALL and gave up on trying to get 3 that matched . I was only able to get 2 in , after shredding the skin on my fingers trying them all . I got a 3rd in there as near as I could and tried to open my Bulova up ... what a joke . The thing is just so cheap . It knocks around loosely the whole time you are trying to use it.I used to change batteries when I worked at the Target jewelry -LRB- lol -RRB- counter in high school , so it 's not like I 'm a complete noob who just does n't know how to do it . I do . This tool is just CRAP . Guess I 'm stuck paying $ 12 for a battery change at the jewelers ...
 This item looks great . After opeaning it the items fell out of the box . Inserting the proper tools , they to fell from the tool . The inserts will not stay making this useless .
 Its a discount tool , and one that I did n't have , and for a hobby that I am not ready to invest a Crazy amount of money into just this minute . I 've used it on some of my less expensive watches , and I am truly disappointed in the lack of solid feel that it has when in use . I understand that it is adjustable , but you should n't have enough give or flex that its difficult to use . One one of my watches , it actually slipped off and marred the back of the case . It was an inexpensive watch , so I was n't fuming , but I was still upset that it happened . Learned my lesson , though , and it wont be going near my expensive watches.Bottom line ? There are two situations that you should buy this :1 -RRB- You will only be working on cheap watches that you do n't really care if they get scratched up , or2 -RRB- You are independently wealthy and can afford to needlessly damage expensive watches . However , if this is the case , buy a more expensive and better version of this tool .
 i had to oil up the parts that you can change -LRB- the keys -RRB- and then bang them in with a hammer - but after this it does work - mass produced china junk - but if you need one at a cheap price , it does work - opened two watch backs to change batteries with it ...
 The box was a warning
 the bits that come with it to open the case on your watch are extremely cheap . The first time i used it the bits began to break away and crumble . A total waste of money .
 I read the mixed reviews on this product but decided to buy it anyway - I figured the price was so low , I was willing to accept some hiccups and work-arounds . But after fooling around with it for quite a while , I gave up and sent it back . It was useless . It really is a piece of junk , and here 's why :1 -RRB- The wooden case fell apart - the packaging it was shipped in -LRB- from the manufacturer -RRB- was in perfect condition , which means -LRB- to me -RRB- the factory inserted a broken box into the package . If it had been damaged in shipment , I assume the factory box would have been damaged . I read several other reviews warning that the box would fall apart . It did . Seems to be not just bad luck with a particular order , but a systemic problem with the factory .2 -RRB- The nuts/bolts that hold the wrench together were loose/missing . I found a loose nut in the packaging and was able to re-assemble the wrench . I realize this is a super-cheap wrench , but I would hope it would break/fall apart AFTER I started using it , and not because of abysmal assembly at the factory .3 -RRB- The number/variety of pins advertised is incorrect ; 2 out of 4 sets of pins were identical , which limited the types of cases which could be opened . Again , a factory problem . I picture drunk people on the line just grabbing a handful of random pins and inserting them into the package . Turns out the size/shape of the pins I would have needed were not included .4 -RRB- The pin sockets were not properly sized to accept and hold the pins . One socket would only release its pin when I forcibly pulled on it with pliers . The other socket would n't hold the pin at all ; 2 of 3 pin sockets were so loose that I could n't apply pressure to unscrew the case w/o the pins falling out .5 -RRB- The thumb-screws to adjust the width of the arms/pins would not adequately allow adjustment or tightening . As soon as I let off the thumb screw , the pressure released . I would have to hold both screws with my fingers to keep constant pressure ; this was difficult since I needed other fingers to hold the loose pins in place.So even if you buy this with very low expectations -LRB- as I did -RRB- for that occasional use once or twice a year , this is NOT worth the effort -LRB- even though the price is great -RRB- . It just does n't work . I plan to research and buy a quality wrench and not fool with this worthless junk .
 Unfortunately the quality of this item is pretty poor . There 's so much play in both adjustment mechanisms , I would hesitate using this wrench out of the box since you 'll probably end up scratching the back when pins slip out of place . Another reviewer took theirs apart and sanded down the black plastic spacers . I ended up taking mine apart and adding some nylon and steel washers I had handy to tighten things up . Unless you plan on channeling your inner MacGyver to remove the slop or are willing to risk scratching your watch , I 'd look elsewhere for a quality case wrench . Good luck .
 The tool itself seems just fine , and I like the idea of the 3 prongs , but it will not open large enough to fit the back of my Casio dive watch , which is the watch I bought it for . I 'm having to buy one of those tools that just has two prongs , since that 's what I 've seen several jewelers use . If this one would open another 1/16th of an inch , it would have worked well , I 'm sure .
 cant figure out how to use it , no instructions . It came quickly no problem with my order . hope i can find instructions somewhere .
 First , the tool does not work for my watch . Second the quality is questionable . The bits are very soft and seem to want to bend as pressure is applied . The bits also are mis-sized for the tool . They are designed to lock in but they turn out of alignment and then your stuck retrieving the bit from the tool with a pair of pliers . Do n't know how the product would work for other screw back models but it does not work on my Swiss Army watch .
 Recieved tool was n't sure it would work due to all three points did n't stretch big enough to fit notches in back of watch but got two out of three to fit and got the back off so it did the job
 The tool works but it is less than a precise watch . It is functional while being almost crude . I used it and it did work but I will never use it on a good watch .
 At less then $ 10 , my bar was set very low . I figured I 'd have to tinker around with it to get it to work properly . There is no amount of tinkering that will make this wrench work . First , the pins appear to have been melted into the plastic holder . Several of them are STUCK in the holder and I ca n't get them out ! Secondly , one of the 3 holes that the pins are stuck in to is defective . So I 'm unable to use the tool .
 Well , it 's not very expensive - for this sort of tool . Nonetheless , it is very low quality , not a precision instrument . Pieces do not fit well , if at all . This tool has three sockets to insert metal ` pegs ' into , that can be adjusted for width of the watch , for removal of screwed-on watch backs -LRB- only - not for snap-on/off watch backs at all -RRB- . This is the crux of the problem
 Got this to replace batteries , but it took so long and was such a hassle to take the back off my watch that I was ready to take my watch back to the shop and pay the $ 10 for them to replace the battery . Then the prongs kept falling out as I was trying to take the watch back off . The tightener threading is not smooth making it difficult to tighten or loosen the tongs . I bought the cheapest one and am now regretting having done so .
 This is very cheaply made , but then what do you expect for $ 7 . The picture shows the tool in a wooden box with hinges . The box has the catch on the front but no hinges on the back . I would send it back except it would cost as much to return it as it is worth .
 Firstly , the buttons seem to protrude too much , cauing them to be depressed unintentionally . After about a week a couple of the buttons seemed to jam up . A week later the display turned off completely . All this after only 2 weeks of wear . This watch is a poorly designed piece of crap .
 Face of watch appeared much larger than the photo online . otherwise , worked fine .
 This watch is junk . I bought it for my husband who likes to have the light so he can check the time at night , well that stopped working 2 weeks after he got it , and two days later the whole thing stopped working the display died . . We changed the batteries , and it still didnt work . This has been the worst purchase I have ever made . Dont waste your money .
 The lighted dial failed in less than a month . Try dealing with Timex on a warranty . It cost more than the watch . It does keep time . Not reccomended .
 This watch worked fine for awhile but then I was using some of the features and got it out of synch with the appropriate date and could n't get it back in sync . I guess I should have been patient and waited for a few days to see if it would work again but I got exasperated and threw it in the trash . I did n't really like the watch anyway as I thought it was unattractive .
 Although the item came within 10 days , it did not come with the AC adaptor . I have tried calling the customer service number located in the user guide for 2 weeks now and no one picks up the phone . I only get connected to a voice messaging system which NO ONE has returned yet . This is a christmas gift and it is very unfortunate that the gift wo n't be ready in time . I 'm highly disappointed . This is an expensive item , and for it to not be functional is unacceptable .
 I ordered this item on 6/29/07 and have yet to receive it as of 7/19/07 . Amazon has sent three emails extending the `` estimated delivery date '' . Amazon says : We 're writing about the order you placed on June 29 2007 01:30 PDT -LRB- Order # 104-xxxxxxx-xxxxxxx -RRB- . Unfortunately , we are unable to ship the item -LRB- s -RRB- as soon as we expected and need to provide you with a new estimate of when the item -LRB- s -RRB- may be delivered : `` Wooden Multiple Watch Winder #WW .005 . P1 .08 '' -LSB- Watch -RSB- Estimated arrival date
 Worst investment ever . It took me 2 years to finally find a nice watch that I would be willing to spend good money on . After 3 months it broke .
 Bought this for my 14 year old kid and it did n't last more than a month . Wo n't buy this item again .
 I have had 2 of these watches in the last 2 yrs . After about 6 months , it started going into recovery mode , which means it needs some type of light source to charge the battery . Well , I had put it in direct sun light , 2 days in a row , 4 hrs each day . According to Casio , this is more than enough light to charge this battery . Well , it did not work out . I sent it back within warranty , they said they had reprogrammed it , or something . Got it back and within a couple months , it did the same thing . They then sent me a new watch . Now , about 6 months later , it is doing the same thing and I am basically screwed . A new watch does not come with the original warranty.What I am assuming , is either I got back the same watch with a different , charged battery and it slowly drained because the solar cell does not work , or it need a tremendous about of light to keep it functioning . Oh yes , I did not over use the functions of the watch , and yes , I did keep it in the sleep mode , which keeps the watch blanked out to conserve energy.My advice , stay away from this piece of junk , and probably all of Casio 's solar time pieces .
 After less than a year the battery stopped recharging . I left it out in the sun for two days hoping I could recharge the battery . After it stopped charging correctly I could not get it to work for more than an hour at a time . I would definitely not recommend this watch .
 I purchased this watch for my 13-year old son and after less than a year the watch band broke . Yes he did wear it everyday but he took good care of it well and never abused it . I am disappointed with the watch as now i have to replace it .
 Do n't waste your time . I had two . They both fell apart in about the same time . Common symptoms to expect
 Once again a Timex watch that is useless due to water under the screen . I only swam 3 times with it . No diving , no jumping . Just 3 swim workouts . Of course the warranty expired a month ago . Partial refund ? Sure ! That will cover shipping !!!
 I 've owned 10 Timex IronMan watches since 1987 , and recently experienced a failure with a gift I gave my wife - the `` custom '' timex watchband DROPPED THE watch and she looked down only 4 months after receiving her christmas present and it was GONE FOREVER !! Since I 've owned so many of these watches I 've watched over the years as they made changes , but this generation of watches is a HORRIBLE MISTAKE . First of all , it 's been true that since the beginning of time , the cheap resin watchbands have been uncomfortable so everyone knows that when they break -LRB- and they DO break , after about 1 year , in general -RRB- , you must purchase an aftermarket velcro watch band , or a leather band , or whatever blows your skirt up ... I went to WalMart last week looking to pick up 2 of these watches and demo'ed them extensively -LRB- one for my self and one for my poor watch-less wife -RRB- , but then realized , WHAT WILL I DO WHEN THE WATCH BAND FAILS ?? And the answer is
 I 've been wearing the same casual watch for over 20 years . Last fall , I bought `` just one more '' after yet another one broke . Now this one has water damage after being in no more than 4 feet of water on vacation . Adding insult to warranty , Timex wants $ 8 to handle/ship/evaluate the broken watch . We 'll see if they replace it or try to squirm out of responsibility for building a crappy watch.I have a box of the dead ones . The first few lasted at least 4 years . Mostly , the battery died and/or I scratched the face up bad enough that I could n't read it any longer -LRB- especially the dumb ones where the face was above the bezel - lousy design iteration -RRB- . More recently , I 'm lucky if I can get 18 months out of one . The bezel screws must cost $ 0.001 because the heads pop off and leave the bezel flapping in the breeze . The start/stop button has popped off . And of course the bands disintegrate.But I know and love the functionality and interface , which is probably why I keep beating my head against a wall by buying these dumb things . Christ , it 's a watch , not a magazine subscription . It ought to last at least a little while without falling apart .
 the dial disappears when u tilt the watch , i have to adjust my wrist to read the dial , , , the strap wont last a month !!
 after two months , it stop working , I have the battery replace in Sears watch repair , after 2 hours it stop working again . Contacted amazon and they said they`are not authorized reseller and I have to contact movado myself ` I insist and fought for its warranty because I bought it from them , finally I sent it to movado and they repair it .
 This watch -LRB- and 2 others I 've bought from the same seller -RRB- have crashed -LRB- the screen shows gibberish and eventually goes blank -RRB- when I pressed the `` indiglo '' button . I did get a return , but I doubt it 'd be worth the risk . Save yourself trouble and do not buy !
 Packaging protection and shipping times fine . The exterior is pretty as is the interior and appeared to be as described , and therefore a good value for the dollar spent . But - - - when actually mounting my five wrist watches on their individual pads , failure in workmanship and materials , became evident . One of the pads split , at the seam , as I mounted the watch . The remaining four , thus far , remain in tact . The seams appear to be heat sealed , as opposed to sewn . When I sought to contact the seller , via Amazon , to request a new cushion , I was advised that their rapidly changing stock would prohibit this and I was asked if I would accept a financial adjustment , which I finally did , when left no other alternative other than to return the entire case . Repairs will be a delicate job for super glue & clamping . I would have much preferred a new cushion , as I am certain that the style and materials are used in many of the manufacturers watch case products . The two remaining departments are fine , as they are used for a pocket watch , fob and knife , and rings , which cause no strain on the materials used . This is a protective case as well as a display case and does not speak well of quality control by the manufacturer .
 Great Watch , but lousy Band . The band only lasted 5 months , and the replacement band has a sunken design as opposed to a raised design where the pins attach , causing a open space groove with the old style Triathlon 30-lap Watches . I was unable to get the new band to attached to my watch do to curvature of the pin , resulting in frustration.The newer Ironman triathlon 30-lap watch has been redesigned resulting in the new band , even though the older watches are still being sold . Over all , I will avoid buying a Timex as result of a lack of replacement parts .
 As some other reviewers have noted , this is a good watch until it is time to replace the wristband . The people at Wal Mart gave up on installing the band after 30 minutes . The people at Target were able to install it after about 30 minutes of effort . I could not install the band and do n't think I would buy the product again .
 Band deteriorates rapidly -LRB- 4 months -RRB- design makes it exceptonally dificult to replace withouttedious modification . See other reviewActual picture of band shows how replacemnt band fails to follow curve of watch body . Real Dud.Monthly cost of ownership makes it as costly as a Rolex
 Watch arrived quickly and was packaged very well and was running with the correct time and I was impressed . However , when I went to wear it that weekend I discoved it had stopped working . I 'm hoping it 's the battery and I can find a jeweler close to me to replace it . If not I guess I 've been had .
 I purchased this watch back in late March 2010 , and just as the warrenty was running out , I 've had numerus issues . My first issue was the chronograph stopped working , then the Calender stopped moving , then the Crystal cracked mysteriously right after It was retuned to me for the first round of repair , and now one of the small dials fell off . This watch did not even last 2 years before it started to fall apart . It 's completely a Lemon and specially for a $ 325 price tag . Do not buy a Sturling , They are the biggest waste of money .
 The watched worked fine and was at a good price but the strap broke off after six months . I went ahead and bought another Timex but one with a better strap design .
 This watch was a bust . They claim it 's water proof , but it stopped working the first time I went in the water with it . They took it back to be repaired . It took over 2 months and then when I got it back - it still did n't work properly . Sent it back again , took another 2 months to be repaired . It stopped working again after a week . Customer service is good and they gave me my money back . But the watch was not worth the aggreviation .
 I hate to write a bad review but I must say this is the worst watch I 've ever had . Clicks are not smooth , rubber band sticks on my wrist -LRB- too solid -RRB- and to cup it all
 I own this watch , and there are several things I love bout it.The single nicest thing is how the digital and analog parts are integrated . There 's a whole display and multiple functions -LRB- time zones , alarms , timer chronometers , etc. -RRB- behind the bezel , but the nice thing about it is that they are implemented in a material that shows up clearly when you call up the function , but fades to black when you dont.It 's great
 I was looking for an alarm watch to remind me to take some afternoon medications . Turns out you can set the watch to beep every hour at the specified time or every 12 hours at the specified time . To get a reminder at 2:30 pm , I either get a 2:30 am beep or must remember to re-set the alarm each morning . If I could remember to do that , I would n't need the watch in the first place ! Plus the seller made absolutely no attempt to reply to my complaints .
 Beautiful watch and exactly what I wanted as gift for my ex-Marine father on his 50th anniversary of leaving the Corps . He loved it ... for a few weeks , until it stopped working while resting on the dresser . Jeweler confirmed battery operational , but action faulty and completely stopped . Contacted seller and found that the watch only carries a 30 day warranty -- pretty hard to believe for a $ 50 watch , but I gues it must have been in the fine print somewhere . Certainly would not purchase one of these again -- would be better much off with a $ 10 Rolex from a Times Square vender ; those watches typically last for a couple of months .
 I bought this as a low-cost diver 's watch . The 200 m rating , easy-to-read display , and Velcro strap give it the versatility to wear on the boat , in the pool or scuba diving . I 'm happy to report that the watch still works fine after six months of wear and a week of diving . But it looks as if it 's ten years old . The decorative trim on the wrist strap started to crack and decompose after two or three hours in salt water . The finish on the grey plastic case has also started to chip . I have n't babied the watch , but I have n't abused it either -LRB- running across bricks or concrete , for example -RRB- . I 'm disappointed that a watch marketed for being rugged has proven to be such a wimp .
 I purchased this watch several months ago and received it with a dead battery which I replaced . I recently broke the watch by accident , -LRB- my fault -RRB- and ordered a new one to replace it and it also had a dead battery . I like the watch but I have spent as much on new batterys for the new watches as I have to buy the watches . They should figure out a way to send out a watch that runs when you receive it !
 I had high hopes for this watch since it was a Timex . I work in a nursing facility and liked the lighted dial . I was trying to set the time , however , for time change and the whole stem pulled out of the watch making it pretty useless . Silly me . I certainly got what I paid for .
 This watch is of an extraordinary poor quality . The light failed on the first one I had . I bought a second one out of simple need and an appreciation of it 's classic look . I am tired of needing to repair the watchband for the fourth time so am now looking for a new watch . My first criteria be that it not be a Timex .
 I bought this TIMEX Indiglo watch for my wife less than two years ago , and in less than 18 months it quit working properly . The second hand sticks , and even moves backwards sometimes , when between the 6 and 8 on the watch face - causing the watch to constantly loose time at the rate of 12 to 15 seconds per minute . This , oviously , makes the watch useless , and the one-year warantee is equally useless . I replaced the battery , but that did n't help . Very disappointing for a watch from a company that did , at one time , make more reliable watches . The two stars I gave it are on the generous side .
 This watch certainly looks pretty , and it is when you first get it , but after every-day wear , the gold fades and the watch is then silver . Some of the crystals fell out also . It served its purpose for a while though , I just wish the gold did n't fade.My suggestion would be to save a little money and get something nice .
 do n't buy this watch . it stopped working with first 20 days :-LRB- . . along with that ... its too bulky ...
 I bought this watch from Amazon and got it in broken condition . Never work please do not buy this watch .
 The watch was delivered quickly , it looked great but after wearing it less then 3 weeks the leather straps fell apart . My son can not wear it any more .
 This watch has been back to the manufacturer twice for `` replating '' . Soon after purchase , the plating on the bezel started to peel off . Many weeks after returning it to the manufacturer -LRB- New York -RRB- , many phone calls and much grief later , the watch came back and the same thing happened -LRB- in the same spot ! -RRB- . It went back again , came back many weeks later and within a few days of wearing it the same spot appeared . Spent over $ 60.00 in shipping and insurance sending it back to them and it is still junk!This watch was gently used by a gentle lady on special occasions - not worn everyday , not in the shower , pool , etc. . . I purchased this item on January 28 , 2008 as a Valentine 's Day gift - unfortunately , I could not return it for a refund from Amazon because it was n't used at all until near the end of February and the defects did n't appear until after the return period was past . Thus , the nightmare of having to deal with the manufaturer . So , nearly a year later , this expensive piece of junk is sitting in a drawer -LRB- should go in the trash , really ... -RRB- . Buyer Beware!Stay away from this product , save your money and spend it elsewhere !
 I purchased this watch for myself on a lightning deal last year . I got a nice price for a very nice watch -- or so I thought.The watch came with a review incentive on a slip of paper included in the box -- a $ 10 gift for an amazon review within 20 days of purchasing . If I 'd left my review within the 20 day period I 'd probably have left a pretty positive review . The watch was attractive , and I loved watching the exposed works in action.However , after a few months of careful daily wear the rose gold color wore away on the bezel exposing the stainless steel base metal . I was so disgusted that I gave it to my 10 year old daughter . I 'll never buy Stuhrling again .
 I bought this watch for a birthday present . It was her favorite gift . Looks beutiful and she received many compliments at work . I gave it to her in July it stopped keeping exact time 6 weeks later . It became non fuctional shortly thereafter and we returned it for repair on the 24th of September . We have not gotten a confirmation of receipt nor have we heard anything from Stuhrling since sending the watch in for repair . I can not recommend this watch because it was very embarrasing to have to return it for repair so soon after giving it as a gift . I am not sure that I will ever hear from the company again given that it has been several weeks since returning the watch . So buyer beware . I will amend my review should we have a successful outcome.UpDATE Watch was eventually returned didn , t work was promised by company that they would replace the works however was returned a 3rd and 4th time still does not work . I give up . By the way this is the only review I have ever written . My advice is do n't buy this watch especially if your planning to give it as a gift .
 I really loved this watch when I first received it . It 's beautiful and a joy to wear . I treated it very delicately and wore it infrequently . HOWEVER , right at the two-year mark , it stopped working for no reason . It would n't keep time at all , the bezel coating was peeling , and it clearly reached the end of its functional life . I 've had much cheaper watches last more than a decade . I would never again purchase a Sturhling ; they 're not worth the cost , even when they are a `` lightening deal '' . Anything more than $ 40 for one of these watches is a waste of money .
 I bought this watch last May , and was very careful when wearing it . One day for no reason the watch just stopped while it was still on my wrist . I wore the watch almost everyday , and never dropped it or damaged it in anyway . Is it my luck or the watch just plainly sucks ?
 bought this for my wife and if you just want a bracelet its looks pretty it does n't self wind and it loose time after winding manually . Would not recommend if you need it for a time piece
 From the advert , this watch looks beautiful . However , you will not be able to tell the time if you did not look at closely . What a waste for such an exquisite watch ! The maker should have looked into this direction to rectify the fault . My regret .
 I bought this watch from Amazon and it stopped working about a month after the 2 year warrantee expired . But I liked the watch , got compliments on it , so I bought another one.The second one also came from Amazon , but without a receipt . I asked Amazon to mail me the receipt the same day I received it , but I never received it.Now , about 5 or 6 weeks after I got the second watch , it just stops working . So now I do n't have a receipt to try to get it repaired under warantee , and even if I did , the warantee requires a payment of $ 20 for shipping and handling , to mail a watch that weighs an ounce or two about 50 miles -LRB- for me -RRB- . This would make an already expensive watch even more expensive . And of course , the warantee requires an `` original bill of purchase '' .3 / 7/12
 I got this watch for Christmas and wore it 2 days . It is a beautiful watch . However , the second day I looked at the time and the second hand had fallen off and was jammed in the gears ! I had n't even bumped the watch ! When I took it off , I noticed that the band was coming apart also where it attached to the watch . Very disappointed , it was such a pretty thing and not cheap either .
 I received this watch approximately 2 weeks ago , it is of very poor quality . The leather band is already showing signs of wear on the inside with cracks forming in it . The hands look very cheap as well . The first time I hit it on my desk a big chunk of the shiny case came off revealing a dull metal underneath . This shows it is not a ss case as claimed . I would return it but the policy states it can only be returned in like new condition . I have had throw away watches that were of better quality ! I could not recommend this watch to anyone . I own 3 Invictas and have been very pleased with all of them , my big mistake was to try another brand in that price range . I will stick with Invicta in the future as they all have been high quality and look much more expensive than they are .
 I got this as a gift for Christmas ... love the look , but the watch gains an hour per day -LRB- this one is not an accurate timepiece -RRB- . I realize that I may have a bad watch from the batch , but I find it odd that the parent company -LRB- Stuhrling -RRB- offers an extra year of warrenty if one sends in `` positive '' feedback to amazon . This may boost overall ratings on Amazon so buyer beware . Why not stand by your product and offer the extra year up front?I have been in e-mail correspondance with the parent company and will be sending it back for a return . Once this transaction has been completed I will revise this review and let readers know how it went.UPDATE
 I ordered this watch on Amazon and received it within 3 days ! The watch is similar to the IWC pilot design but 11.5 K USD cheaper . It looks really nice and unique . Big face and very manly . The design is the selling point . It is not plain and really stands out . It is appropriate to wear out with jeans but also good with a suit . OK now the catches . The company has a note in the box that says if you give a glowing review of the watch they will extend your warranty a year . Only a company concerned with their quality would be so insecure to feel the need to do this . My battery died after only two months-No big deal . i removed the back myself w / my watch tools and bought a new battery for $ 4 -- not a fault with the watch as batteries do die but it did reveal the movement . It is a cheap Chinese movement . There is nothing swiss about this watch . Also my date gets stuck sometimes and will not flip forward and the crown actually came out when I went to change the time . This watch is worth $ 20 . It is attractive but a cheap product .
 Bought watch a little more than a year ago , it started losing time last week and then stopped , I thought battery must be dead , but as it turns out watch is dead . Not sure if I can get it fixed , but now I realize would have been happier with 30 dollar Timex .
 Be aware that Stuhrling watches have unfavorable warantee terms . You pay to send it back and have to include $ 20 for the repair and return shipping , so every time it needs service , you will be out $ 25 or so . My guess is that this covers the cost of a new movement and shipping so it is n't really a warantee at all .
 Bought three of these , gifts , etc , Only one actually keeps time . The others lose time and date constantly . Do NOT waste your money on this product . Better to guess time by the sun
 I purchased this watch hoping it was a good value for the price and was terribly dissapointed . The watch would stop running once or twice a day and when it did run it did not keep good time but lost 5-10 minutes every 12 hours or so . With today 's technology that is inexcusable .
 bought 2 sturhling watches , within 2 years , had to se3nd both backe for repairs . one more than once.They ca n't seem to keep accutate time for more than a week or keep stopping .
 The first time that they sent the watch was not having any battery , I sent it back , after a few days a new replacement was sent , WITHOUT BATTERY again , but this time they include the informations for an AUTOMATIC WATCH , for sure this watch was not an automatic . As it was the SECOND TIME !! that they sent the watch with an empty battery , I decide to get it change by myself , the prize for the battery replacement was 12 dolars !! So after all the trouble getting the watch replaced , in the end I needed to solve the problem my myself and on my own expenses.This is the LAST watch that I get from Amazon !!
 I bought this watch in August 2007 , and I was very pleased with the overall appearance . However , I soon discovered I could not wear the watch every day -- the leather watchband acquired a really obnoxious , foul odour after a couple of hours of wear . The leather reacted with the perspiration from my wrist . I usually have metal watchbands , but this watch was so handsome with its black leather and studs that I did n't try to change it . I have discovered there is such a thing as a ` waterproof ' wristband that does n't smell . Stuhrling could have waterproofed their leather watchband , which would have prevented the problem in the first place . I 'm rather unhappy about having to shell out money to correct an avoidable problem .
 I 'm disappointed with this watch , its quality is very bad , the belt and the case are made with materials of a lower price watch , -RCB- I do not recommend it!Estoy decepcionado con este reloj , su calidad es muy mala , la correa y la caja estan hechas con materiales de un reloj de menor precio , no lo recomiendo
 This is a big watch ! I wanted a big face and numerals to help my aging eyesight , but was shocked to see how huge it was on my large wrist . The winder was also exaggerated , and offended my sense of proportion . The price was right , the pedigree was there , but the steroidal design displeased .
 I found the clasp exceedingly complex and difficult to close . I would recommend this only to those who have extraordinary vision , dexterity , and a high degree of mechanical smarts.To make things worse , there are no instructions with the watch and the clasp is of a type I 've never seen before .
 Watch band was way too large & non-adjustable -LRB- according to email reply from the manufacturer -RRB- . Emails to the manufacturer finally admitted that the goal was to sell the remainder of the watches with the largest band -LRB- which nobody wants -RRB- , and to disguise that fact . Email replies from the manufacturer had the wording `` sorry for the inconvenience '' . Inconvenience ???!!! What good is a watch that ends up on the underside of your wrist because the band is way too large ??
 I have owned many low end automatic time pieces and have to say this is low end.Stuhrling really messed this one up big time . The design is amazing and the style is amazing , however the krysterna crystal they use is sooooo cheap I already have many scratches on it . Not only that you will need to change the leather band . The one that comes with the makes the watch look and feel very cheap and not durable . Stuhrling could have won me over if they would have used a sapphire crystal and a genuine leather band to finish this product off . I would honestly say buy an Invicta if you are going for quality . If you want looks buy this.Revised : Piece of crap . It has already broke . Do not buy . !!!!!!!!!!
 I 've NEVER seen a watch -LRB- high-end or low-end -RRB- , until now , that has NO country of origin indicated ANYWHERE on the watch . The fact is , these watches are made in Asia in Hong Kong and China factories . On the Web site , they mention the word `` Swiss '' , etc. . They want you to believe that you 're buying a Swiss watch when you are NOT . They DO N'T want you to know it 's made in Asia . If not a flat-out lie , then it 's just flat-out evasion of the truth . You tell me the difference . If these watches sold for $ 65 , I might give them a go . Downright SILLY ` list ' prices ! Also , I 'll mention that I paid for a NEW watch and was shipped an obviously USED one . I sent it back and they sent me a NEW one . After doing some research and some ` detective ' work that unearthed the truth , I felt I over paid and sent back to Amazon for a refund . For the same price point , I was able to find a beautiful genuine ESQ SWISS watch as well as a Swiss-made Invicta watch . Stuhrling Original certainly makes some beautiful looking watches that may be of decent quality . If they were clearly marked with the country of origin and priced appropriately , I would 've felt better about my purchase and perhaps kept the watch .
 This watch is very difficult to change the timing . My wife broke her nail attempting to do this . Also the strap broke after 3 weeks ! I do not think I would buy another watch online .
 I bought this thing for my wife . It is a good watch but the clasp mechanism is a PIA . Thinking of returning it if it is not to late . Will be thinking twice before I buy any more gold box offerings .
 I paid $ 236 for this watch and it kept good time for about 2 weeks . After that the time was off by more than 4hrs , and the date was off also . The list price seems very inflated . I returned the watch and will not be buying another Stuhrling .
 They shipped a damaged watch and now say they do n't have any more of these . Why did they sell it in the first place if it was damaged and unsatisfactory ? A young boy is very disappointed with his birthday gift .
 it fits like a childs watch . probably designed for a small or petite woman , but fror regular sized waoman it is to small.I 've only worn it once .
 After wearing the it for 2 hours the strap broke where it meets the case of the watch . I 'm sure it was just one defective watch as sturhling usually makes excellent watches .
 One of the best looking watching I 've ordered . Sadly , I took the watch out of the box , put on wrist , walked about 10 steps . Watch fell off my wrist - band came off the watch . Metal part of where watch attaches is either badly made or defected.I 've read what others said about the band and took my chances - now believe the watch band attachment is an issue .
 I bought one of these , and it never started . I figured it was a fluke , but after reading how to have it fixed by Stuhrling -LRB- cost $ 20 to ship back , can take weeks to get it back -RRB- I decided to return it , and try again . The second one started working as soon as I wound it . But , it loses time . It loses about 5-7 minutes of the course of the day . I 'm now returning both watches and will buy from a local store . I was very unhappy to have two watches not work . It is a very nice looking watch too .
 just got one for xmas and the watch is fast by about 4 minutes each day since I synched it against the `` internet '' clock on my computer 4 days ago ! I am off by 16 to 17 minutes in less than a week . I ca n't imagine what the watch will show after a couple more weeks ! the inaccuracy of the automatic movement defeats the purpose of having a watch . I would not recommend this watch . I loved my old swatch which is cheaper , also swiss made , but keeps time accurately.UPDATE after 1 year
 We really were happy when we received the watch . It looked very nice , and well packed . After a few weeks , the watch was faster a few minutes every week . Now , after a month , every day , the watch adds a few minutes by itself.If you want a nice looking watch , but do n't care about time accuracy , this maybe the one .
 This watch is not as solid as it looks . The bracelet is very fragile , and the whole watch does not seems to be tough enough for diving . Will not buy this brand anymore .
 I own couple of real SWISS made watches . I ordered this watch as a present as it looked great on pictures and specs were outstanding . The price seemed right also ... well , when the watch arrived -LRB- thanks to Amazon Prime in just two days -RRB- I was dissapointed . The watch looked and felt cheap , like one of those replicas that one can buy on busy streets of Manhattan . Lesson learned - if it look too good to be true , it IS NOT . If you are looking for $ 100-250 good quality water resistant watch , look for well known brands like Seiko , Citizen or Timex .
 iI have Seiko kinetic and - Staihausen automatic . Winder did not work with my watches . Just wasted time and dollars .
 I bought my second one of these watches in April as I had such good long service from the previous one . I really likethe watch . I went into a pool -LRB- maybe 3 feet depth max -RRB- and the watch is supposed to be good to like 100M . anyway itgot some water in it and then I called Victorinox and they said sorry , if you bought it from amazon there is n't a warranty.and I guess i actually bought from someone else -LRB- Fulfilled by Amazon -RRB- so buyer beware you may not be getting a warranty .
 I bought this watch over a year ago , and it began running slow within 10 months . I replaced the battery but it 's now running slow again 5 months later . Even the watch or the seller is a dud ; hard to tell .
 I am very disappointed in this watch . I have had the watch for maybe three weeks and it has stopped running . I can only hope that it has a faulty battery . Very disappointed!Michael McGovern
 -- UPDATE -- IMPORTANT!This is an update to the original review below . A year has passed and I had to replace the battery . I am surprised that it only lasted one year . I took it to the original jeweler that sold me the watch . When they returned it , I noticed that the caseback was n't tight and flush against the rest of the watch . They said it was fine , I was n't convinced . I took it to another jeweler and they explained that the case was made in China and sometimes the cases will warp . WHAT !? Over 300 bucks and the made-in-China case does n't screw down all the way . Now the watch probably is n't waterproof at all . Very disappointed , although it 's my fault I bought an overpriced quartz watch from Victorinox . -- Original Review -- This watch took me by surprise
 I actually bought this locally and paid way too much , $ 625 . The band is not as smooth on the edges as I would prefer making it uncomfortable to wear unless the band is made very loose , and the date to almost unreadable if you wear trifoculs as I do . It is also not particularly accurate . It was gaining a minute a day and the jeweler from whom I purchased it tweaked it to about 30 seconds a day . That said , it is an attractive watch and it might be worth a couple of hundred dollars . I wanted a Swiss movement and thought this would be a worthy watch but I have seen the movement on this watch selling for about $ 70 on line and I do n't think it that great based on the time keeping I am seeing .
 When i bought this watch i had some reservations about how the band would look . When i opened the watch it seemed cheap and much to big for the watch face . Unless you really need a band that would hold up to salt water or other very very harsh abuse I do not recommend this watch .
 I bought my watch from Watch Grabber less than one year ago . It was made by Swiss Army and it is supposedly waterproof up to 100 meters . My watch recently started letting in water , so I called Amazon and Swiss Army to inquire about their warranty . Neither could offer me any warranty service , and I was told to contact the distributor -LRB- Watch Grabber -RRB- directly . Watch Grabber told me it had a two year warranty on all of the watches it sold . I told Watch Grabber about my problem . Conveniently , however , Watch Grabber 's `` warranty '' does not cover `` water damage . '' I asked where I could find the terms of its watch warranty . I was told the terms are located on Watch Grabber 's website . I can not find any warranty information on Watch Grabber 's website . Shady . Watch Grabber does not deserve a one star rating , but I had to rate one star to submit this review .
 21mm lugs , what are they insane!Boycott anything with 21mm lugs when they could have simply made them 20mm or 22mm , it 's not standard and they are messing with us and do n't deserve our money !
 Iam waiting for whtch , date of delivery is 24 december , today is 29 iam waiting
 I can not believe this watch has a retail value of $ 55.00 . It is very simple and poorly constructed for casual use . When I went to change the time on it a few weeks ago , the hands would not move and all I heard was a grinding sound . I pull the knob further out and the whole thing came out . I have a Timex watch from about 18 years ago and it was great and a lot cheaper than this one . Buyers be aware this item is a piece of junk !!!
 The title says it all
 Here 's another Timex watch that is suppose to have a `` rotating '' bezel , but it does NOT rotate . I previously ordered a different model Timex watch that also had a rotating bezel that did NOT rotate.I called the Timex watch warranty phone number that came with the generic instructions about this problem . The customer support person said that the rotating bezel is just `` decorative '' on some watches , and that I would have to return the watch to Timex and they would try to find the same model watch with a rotating bezel ... you got ta be kidding me !! Why on earth would a watch company even bother producing a watch with a `` decorative '' bezel instead of one that actually has a useful function ? To make matters worse they do not even produce the dummy watches under a different model number , and explicitely say that the bezel is `` decorative '' only and that it does NOT rotate.This just does not make any sense.I returned the watch as I did the other one , and will give up on the Timex watches.If you want a Timex with a rotating bezel , I suggest you go to a brick-and-mortar store and see if the bezel actually rotates.Very disappointed , as I really liked the watch ... if it only worked ! Call Times at
 I purchased this based on above average reviews , and no doubt is a good looking watch . I would not go in details as they were already mentioned by my friends here but would share the issue that i have rather.This watch does not change day and date at same time . I returned 2 of the watches -LRB- same model -RRB- because they were changing date and day at 3AM next day . I mean , the watch should change the day and date right after or at mid night , correct ? but this watch starts the change at 2.30 AM next day and would finish by 3.00 AM -LRB- i.e. it still will show Monday on Tuesday morning , cool is n't it ? -RRB- . The third watch that i have now , changes date at 00.15 -LRB- after midnight -RRB- but the day still changes at 2.15 AM . There was no issue with Amazon , as they promptly replaced the watch but it is with Timex . One star that i am giving is for the looks only ... and that 's it .
 There is no alarm . The description is misleading . I bought this and had to return it when I opened the package and saw no alarm .
 I bought this particular watch because from the pictures it was iddntical to the one i had bought locally a few years ago , but could not find . When i received it , I found the quality of the case to be not nearly as good as the one I previously had .
 Have had this watch for less than a month , and it loses 5-10 minutes a day . Additionally it loses about 2 days per week on the date . I never considered that it would n't work and threw away the box when I got it.After being late for a couple meetings and flat out having the wrong date on one occasion , I 'm pitching this and looking for a non-Timex . I 've worn Timex watches since I was a boy , and since I now work outside , I go through one every couple years before they need replaced . I 'll be looking for something else .
 I bought this EXACT model about 10 years ago . It 's a great watch . Went shopping locally , but could n't find it . I looked and found it on Amazon . The thing is , I actually use the `` bezel '' feature on this thing . I use it to time things all the time at work . Guess what ? ... the bezel does n't rotate . It did before , but not now . Seriously ... explain it to me ... ! Why put a rotating bezel on a watch that does n't rotate ? Why not also put a slot for the date , but make it so that it does n't actually work . Tell your customers that it 's for `` decorative '' purposes . Maybe Timex could start making cars that have `` air conditioners '' for decorative purposes only . Or toothpaste that has a cap that wo n't open ... for decorative purposes . It is highly irritating and I will return it , only to be charged a 20 % restocking fee ... for decorative purposes .
 Timex Men 's T46681 Expedition Easy Set Alarm Brown Leather Strap Watch is the description , BUT it does NOT have an alarm . I have had very good performance from a similar Timex , and love indiglo to tell the time in the dark . I will return this & buy another Timex with alarm and indiglo .
 The description of this watch was `` unidirectional bezel . '' However , the watch lacked a moveable bezel . That was the feature in which I was most interested . So , no , this was NOT a good experience .
 The product description must have been for a different watch . We purchased it for the directional rotating ring which this watch did not have . We called up the company we purchased it from who gave us Amazon 's number and told us to direct all our issues to Amazon . But after two phone calls to amazon the watch was returned but no one knew if such a watch could be purchase . So we still were looking for that watch in the description .
 The bezel on the watch is described as `` unidirectional '' WRONG . The bezel does not rotate period , if you need this feature buy another watch because this one does not have it . To add insult to injury the battery died less than two months after purchase , in a word this watch is junk .
 I ordered this from Amazon , and I got a Ladies watch . I called Amazon , they sent a replacement and again ... i was sent a Ladies watch.The invoice and packing slip say Men 's ... but the Timex box says `` Lds `` If you 're looking to purchase this as a men 's watch . . be warned . I do n't think the title/description is correct .
 returned the first one that i received due to throughout the day i would look at watch - stem would be out - time would be stopped . started wearing the replacement watch that amazon sent me today and its doing the same thing . could n't get refund because i wore the first watch.how are you suppose to know there is a defect if you do n't wear it . had timex brand watches over the past 40 years and have n't had a problem till i bought this watch .
 Watch stops at some o'clock every week . Also for a month of use some times showed incorrect date . It is necessary to return to the manufacturer .
 Pros
 I bought this watch for my son as a Christmas gift this year . It worked for about three weeks and stopped for no reason . Amazon replaced it with another . This version lasted 64 days and then stopped working again for no reason . I hope that Amazon accepts it and refunds me . I remember buying Timexes when I was young and they were durable . Unfortunately the brand has really deteriorated . Too bad .
 The watch arrived today . Although it looked exactly like the picture , and appeared to be brand new , it would not run , nor would the face light up . The battery must have been exhausted . In addition , the bezel was frozen and could not be turned . Considering the positive reviews of this item , I must have received a real clunker , but , you only get one chance , and the hassle of returning the item and waiting for a refund means that I 'll not buy from this manufacturer again . As it looks brand new , I 'll bet that someone attempts to resell it , so be careful .
 I really wanted to like this watch . Problem is , even with replacing battery with a new one , about every 5 days I look at it and realize it 's 5-10 minutes slow . I should have returned it but frankly it was n't worth the hassle.I should add that I know many other people with Timex Expedition watches who love them and have no problems . Maybe I just got a bad one .
 I bought this watch to replace very similar model which I liked very much . I had it for a few years and was very happy with it . But recently somehow I lost the crown , probably pulled it out by a backpack strap.So I decided to buy the same watch . I compared my old watch with the picture of this model and was sure it 's exactly the same watch.When I got the watch I was immediately disappointed by the fact that the bezel on the new watch was fixed and could n't rotate . I am not a diver , but I find it very handy to time activities using rotating bezel.Oh well , I can live without rotating bezel . But just about a 3-4 weeks after I bought the watch I lost the crown again!Now I am going to buy Invicta watch with screw down crown .
 Its a pretty nice looking watch for the price , but the `` unidirectional bezel '' does NOT rotate ... it will not even budge!There are alot of other reviews stating the same thing about the bezel being defective.If you can locate one at a local store , I suggest you try rotating the bezel first .
 This product does not work . It does not keep time . I have kissed 35.00 -LRB- plus 7.00 to get it fitted -RRB- away and tossed this POS in the garbage.DO NOT BUY THIS !!!
 Love the way this watch looks and its glow-in-the-dark hands/markers , but it has a problem with keeping accurate time . I have n't totally figured it out , but I know that one problem is with the stem pulling out into the time set mode . It appears that sometimes it just keeps time slow . Whatever the case , I am going to return it and seek a refund .
 This watch had everything I was looking for in a watch . Great looks , Indiglo , long life battery , all steel , water proof , very good reviews by others . The one thing I really needed was a rotating bezel as the description states . Strange how some reviewers state the bezel works great and others say it does not turn . Mine did not turn no matter how hard I tried . Sounds like there is a quality assurance problem at the factory . I sent mine back .
 I was excited to order this watch . I currently own a Timex expedition with a leather band which is wearing out so I was looking forward to the metal band.One problem right off the bat , which really upset me , was that the bezel ring did not rotate . One Amazon image show the bezel rotated . I requested a refund immediately.Everything else seemed to work fine including the Indiglo -LRB- I am a huge fan of this -RRB- .
 The product states `` Extra Long Strap . '' Not nearly ! The watch may be great , but I do n't know because it will not fit on my wrist . Maybe it is long enough for a woman , certainly not for a man .
 i 've been running nearly all of my life and buy a new running watch about every year or two . and this watch is by far the worst one i 've had . the colored parts on the side came off . when i swam , it fogged up . then the first number `` 1 '' went blank so I could not tell if it was 11:00 or 1:00 , etc. the color of the band also faded to a gross brownish color . i bought another one with the elastic strap b/c of the gross coloring of the other one , but the watch itself had all of the same problems , except that this time the whole thing went blank after a couple of months . i used to love timex iroman watches , but this model sucks .
 This watch did not last long in the water even though it said it was waterproof for 200 meters . It lasted 2 weeks.If you plan to purchase it for water , look somewhere else .
 I have owned timex ironman watches for a long time . Lifeguarding , college , work , family , salt and fresh . I bought this timex for my wife based on past quality experiences with Timex . The watch works fine . The wristband pulls apart from the watch . She ca n't use it for any major activity as the watch falls off . The band is kept on by four hooks . I would not recommend this type of wristband on any Timex . -LRB- Timex refused to warranty the wristband . -RRB-
 I have had at least five of these watches over the years and it used to be that I only had to replace it about every two years and only because the band finally broke , -LRB- I 'm pretty hard on them , wear them all the time and do lots of sailing -RRB- but the amount of time they last has dropped a lot ! On one of them a button fell off the first week , my last one hasnt even made it a year and started leaking water right away , now if you go NEAR water it fogs up and if you are in direct sunlight it goes blank . I used to love Ironman watches but never again for me .
 I really enjoyed using the interval training piece to this watch . Unfortunately , the watch broke after 4 months . I went swimming in very shallow water and later that day the display disappeared . And now I get to pay another $ 8 for shipping and handling fee even though it is covered under warranty . I wo n't be buying another Timex . As good customer service , they should n't be charging the customer MORE money for their problem .
 -LRB- Posting for my 15 year old daughter who runs track . -RRB- This watch is not for an athlete . The band is a terrible design . The `` Y '' connection pulls away from the watch , letting the watch FALL OUT while you are running . It also turned yellow/brown after 30 days of use . The watch fogs when it gets damp . -LRB- A triathlete swims ... and certainly sweats ! -RRB- Poorly designed watch .
 Nice design and number of functions . Unfortunately bad quality . The watch started to fog after a few weeks after rain or even sweating -LRB- designed for active women -RRB- . Once stopped working for a few days untill completely dried up . Not reccomended .
 I agree with many regarding the comfort and features of the watch , but the band is terrible . I did n't mind at first when the first one just got faded to a muddy shade of clay , but when the band lost grip of the watch I thought it was a singular problem . The second watch I bought to replace it separated band from watch before I even had time to complain about the color fading . Timex really needs to fix this problem !
 I bought this watch a year and a half ago , and it has been one disappointment after another . Within a few weeks , the color started chipping away from around the face . After a few months the band began breaking away from the face . I have decided to purchase a Casio . I hope it lasts longer than my Timex .
 I LOVED my Timex , at first . I have had it 6 months and have put 3 batteries in it , I give up ! I guess Timex no longer `` takes a licking and keeps on ticking '' . I am going back to Fossil brand !
 Everything about the watch has worked fine for me and has been great , except that the band will not stay attached to the watch . The watch will just pop right out when I take it off . On one occasion it fell out when I put my child in the car seat . If I had n't found it I obviously would have been left with only a band and no watch . Certainly not worth the money when the risk of loosing it is so great .
 I bought this watch less than a year ago , went swimming with it and it fogged up . It is NOT water resistant . I was very disappointed . Completely ruined the watch . Minus that fact everything else about the watch was great . I recommend NOT wearing it in the water .
 I 've had two of these watches . Both suffered the same problem
 The display fogged up within a week . I got a replacement , and it 's doing the same thing . Would NOT recommend this product .
 Junk , junk , junk.The watch itself is good . However , at just over one year , the strap has completely given out . The plastic has separated from the watch making it unwearable . Do n't bother . It 's not worth it .
 I loved this watch at first ... then about six months in the plastic around the buttons started popping off.The watch strap stays on somehow but by eight months all four buttons were exposed and I could n't get the plastic to stay around the buttons anymore . Finally the battery died at around eleven months and I wo n't be replacing it . The thing I do n't like is that you ca n't replace the strap . I would like to keep a watch for years but with the design on this one once the strap breaks down that 's it .
 Has anyone found a way to clean the watch band of this or any other Timex watches -LRB- those with similar , plastic bands -RRB- ? I 've tried a variety of cleaning agents
 This would be a good watch if Timex would provide a better strap . The functions are easy to set and it has a great ` night light ' that has lasted the year or so I 've owned it . The trouble is the strap , it cracked and broke . The strap is glued to the watch body , so not replaceable . Come on , Timex , if you 're going to attach cheap resin bands to your watches , at least make them replaceable .
 I purchased this watch at Wal-Mart , and after a month or two the strap separated from the watch on the side of the buckle . It pulled away from the watch where the two upper buttons are located . The watch could be hooked back into the strap ; but the strap remained loose and the upper part of the watch separated from it frequently . This continued for another month or so until today , when the watch popped completely out of the strap and was lost somewhere . This is a terrible design and I would never purchase another one .
 I got this watch primarily for running for which it was fine . After having it for a month I went on vacation and did some water jogging with it on . It was not in the water an excessive amount of time perhaps 2 or 3 times for a half an hour but the displayed filled with water . The watch still worked but beeped every 30 seconds or so for another month at which point it stopped working . Yes it has a warranty but it does n't include water damage . I find the fact that you ca n't wear in the water -LRB- even though it has a water resistent rating -RRB- curious for a triathlon watch .
 I bought this watch for working out and was impressed with the readability and chronograph functionality . However , a little over a year into usage , the band completely severed and I do n't think there 's any way to replace it because the band is not a typical watch band . I 've tried using superglue and duct tape to keep the two parts of the band together but it only holds up for a couple of days before falling apart again . If you are looking for a durable watch , look elsewhere .
 I bought this watch for my wife a couple of years ago . She really liked the watch and wore it running and to the gym all the time . About a year ago , we took a trip to Vietnam where it was extremely hot and humid . The bluish-gray color directly around the face started peeling off to reveal a cheap-looking light gray plastic underneath . It 's like it 's painted on and does n't wear well or hold up to humidity . Since then , the paint has continued to peel off and the other day it froze on her -LRB- the battery is very new -RRB- . I was able to reset it by taking the battery out , but I feel bad that my wife has had such problems with a watch I gave her as a present . Retail price on this watch is FAR too much to pay , and I would n't pay the price from Amazon either for this level of quality . I always loved Timex watches -LRB- I have 4 of them -RRB- , but it appears their quality control is now lacking as this watch did n't hold up well at all . The `` 50 Lap Memory '' is also almost completely worn off of the band and looks bad . My newest Timex appears to not be painted on the face as I tried to dig into it with my fingernail so look out for these cheap versions .
 I 'm on my second timex womem 's ironman triathalon sleek 50/100 watch and this one already fell apart . The first one completely died even with trying to put a brand new battery after getting caught in the rain while running . I got the same watch , giving it another chance because I really like the design . This time , the watch part just completely fell off of its band . The straps for the watch were not at all well designed and to my disbelief the whole thing just fell apart on me ... and its only been 3 mos . since the new watch ! As much as I loved the design , I would highly NOT recommend this watch .
 The watch I received was not as pictured . The item number was the same , but the watch case was light silver instead of the darker blue-grey and the buttons were a different color than pictured also . Not at all as attractive as the pictured item .
 Do n't Bother - Avoid the InsanityI have had my heart broken by too many of these styles of ironman watch . The watch itself is Good , but the wristband does not last longer than a year . Then you are stuck with a watch that works but is un-wearable because there is no way to replace this type of band . NO Band Available.I know because I have 5 watches -LRB- so obviously I liked the watch mechanism -RRB- - At first I thought it was just a fluke that the wristbands broke . But I finally remembered - a definition of insanity is repeating the same action over and over and expecting different results.Now some of my watches are still ticking away in a drawer because there are No replacement wrist bands . It does n't matter how great the watch is - if you ca n't wear it .
 I love the watch itself , but will not buy another one because the band just does not last . It comes off of the side buttons that hold it , and thus , can not be used , or replaced . If Timex would fix the band , it would be perfect , but without the band , it 's worthless after 4-6 months .
 In under six months with normal use -LRB- 3 or 4 runs a week and a couple of dunks in a swimming pool -RRB- this watch is no longer waterproof and the band has stretched to the point that the watch face wo n't stay connected . It is very easy to use and very comfortable , but it is almost at the point where it has become worthless . I will look for a different watch next time .
 My family and I have four Timex Ironman watches among us . One by one these things have stopped being waterproof.At first they are fantastic -LRB- thus , the number of them that we own -RRB- . The features are great and they are waterproof - for a while . None of these has ever been abused , just worn and never in water deeper than 10 feet -LRB- a mere 3.3 meters -RRB- . One of them , worn into a swimming pool , came out full of water and completely non-functional . Fortunately it was under warranty , but it still cost $ 7 to have repaired/replaced . Two others are older than one year , but less than two , and have started becoming foggy after swimming -LRB- pool , not ocean -RRB- . The fog evaporates after an hour or so , indicating that water can not only get in , but that it can get out . The last is only six months old and fine so far , but I do not expect it to last much longer -- it too will likely leak just after the warranty expires.For the cost of these things and the claim that they are `` waterproof to 100 m , '' they are incredibly unreliable long-term .
 The button labels on this watch are so small , I simply could not even read them . The picture of the watch on this site must be blown up several times because it led me to believe the labels were clear and visible . Well , they are not . I sent this back .
 This watch lasted 5 weeks and shorted out when in water . Do not buy it if you plan on it getting wet other then that it works great .
 this watch is not at all water resistant , firstly only lasted 4 months before water broke it later I got the same watch and it broke after being submerged
 Love the watch design , but the warranty requires me to return it to the merchant instead of Amazon . Due to costs to send the watch for repair , it makes more sense to buy a new watch - but this time not from Amazon . -LRB- It does n't seem to help to pay extra for the protection plan -RRB- . I like Amazon for many things , but now I 've decided to not buy watches from them anymore .
 I love this watch for the price , the very loud beeps that I can hear while running in loud areas , and the easy buttons . I also like that it 's very light . I rarely took it off in the couple weeks I 've had it.I have major complaints though :1 -RRB- It 's easy to set one interval , but I could n't get the 2nd interval going . it just kept going back to the first interval option ! Just like there are three alarm setting options , I wish there were two separate interval options , not one hidden in the first .2 -RRB- My main reason for returning it
 The very first time I took it in the water after it was only 3 months old , it broke . AND the warranty does not cover water damage despite the fact that it is advertised as such . This is the 2nd timex watch that did this and I did n't even push any buttons on it . I thought the first time was a fluke . Piece of crap . Clearly , no one at Timex has ever actually used this watch .
 When you wear the watch in the rain or very short exposure to water , it 's fine . When you swim for a half hour , it leaks through the Indiglo button and fogs up the screen . The Indiglo consequently stops working temporarily -LRB- for now -RRB- . I returned the first one I ordered that had this defect . This issue occured in the first month of use , the very first time I swam with the watch.I got a new one and the exact same thing happened . Too much time has elapsed for me to return it to Amazon now so I 'm thinking about returning it to Timex . Regardless , the quality-control on these watches seems to have plummeted . It 's good looking but it does n't ` keep on ticking . '
 I bought this watch in January . Last weekend I had it in the pool for less then 15 mins and the watch does n't work any more , that 's only 6 months . I bought it because I like to spent time in the pool and know what time it is . If you do n't get it wet it 's an ok watch .
 I 've had Timex Ironman watches for years , but this band style is really prone to breakage.No issues with the watch performance , just the plastic band , which pops apart.It did n't happen immediately , so your mileage may vary.I got enough use out of it that I would not return it for being outright defective ; it 's just a poor and flimsy band style .
 I purchased this watch about six months ago and while on vacation last month , the watch stopped working . I assumed that the battery had died and I finally took it to have the battery replaced . The battery had corroded -LRB- Keep in mind that this is a Timex Woman 's Ironman Triathlon watch . I of course wore it in the water for swimming and certainly did n't expect a corroded battery , especially after such a short time . Unfortunately , it is outside of the Timex warranty period.I had purchased this watch after another Timex Triathlon watch strap broke and the strap could not be replaced.So , now I have two useless watches from Timex that were poorly manufactured -LRB- likely in China , although the watches do n't indicate where they were made -RRB- . I certainly wo n't be purchasing another Timex sports watch .
 I LOVE this watch ... except that less than 10 months after purchase , the band is detaching from the face in more than one spot . The detaching band is interfering with using the watch buttons to start/stop time and change modes . I do n't wear my watch for swimming , showers , baths , or any other prolonged water activities . The most water exposure it 's had is when I give my kiddos baths , and it 's supposed to be water resistant anyway !! I have purchased many of these watches , and this one leaves me looking for a new brand of stopwatch . As a PE teacher , I wear this watch ALL of the time ... how disappointing .
 I had one that lasted eight years and then I needed to replace it - understandable . I was very happy for how long it lasted . Then I had gone through four in the last three years due to the sealing on the watch . After a short time , when swimming , water seeped in and created a foggy screen making it difficult to view the time . With each replacement watch in the last three years , each one performed for a shorter amount of time than the one previous . Too bad I love the watch and it 's three alarms , but I do n't think I will replace my most recent watch . It 's time to find a better performing watch for swimming .
 I first purchased this watch May 2010 . It lasted a few months . I clicked the start button while underwater and broke the water-resistant seal . I was later able to find online that this was a known problem . I purchased the watch again because I love the look and feel and how it performs when it 's working . I 've only had it a few months and did not use it while swimming . While running in 20 degree weather , the face started clouding over again like the seal was broken . Since then , the watch has gotten slower and slower and is still cloudy on its face . Would love the watch if I could actually get it to work more than 3 months at a time .
 This is my second watch in two years . On my first one , the band broke after about a year . I love the look of this watch and so I bought another one . My second broke last week after about 10 months . Apparently , it is not very water resistant while swimming laps ! At first , the display fogged up but dried out after a day or so . When I went swimming again , the display fogged up again and the watch quit working all together . I 've had many Timex watches over the years but , am pretty disappointed in this one .
 This watch immediatly broke I give 1 star . What a waste of money ! I gave it to my dog . It was not waterproof took it for a swim . borken bad horrble rip off
 This is a good watch just for basic every day use . I would NOT recommend it for someone that wants to use it for running or tri training IF you are over 40 and need reading glasses for small print . If you need reading glasses and have not used this particular watch before , the small print around the inside edge of the glass is very difficult or near impossible to read - without glasses - which you will not have while running or swimming . Some of the lap times and other things are also difficult to read , especially while you are out running and are looking at the numbers on the fly . Also , the layout of the functions and which buttons do what has never seemed intuitive to me on this particular model . With some functions the 2 buttons on the right side do the same thing and you must press a button on the top left to get to a function that you need . It 's more difficult to press the button on the top left side while you are running , especially if you wear the band a little loose . When you press the buttons on the left side with the band not fastened super tight , then the whole watch shifts on your arm which makes it seem like you have to chase it down your arm til it hits your wrist bone to catch it . There are 4 buttons on the sides plus the large button on the bottom of the face . Do n't know why they could n't have just shifted some of the functions to work with the other buttons available . Just not a great design.Also , the band on this watch is molded onto the watch . If your band breaks you will not be able to replace just the band . The whole watch will be garbage . The basic time , date , alarm is all fine for every day use . For running or tri training I would recommend shopping around for something else , especially if you are someone who wears reading glasses these days . I 've noticed some of the other models do have print now around the face of the watch on the outside of the glass area . I 'm looking into some of those now just for running . This one I will continue to use just for every day wear . But for running I will be looking into getting some other model , and may have to go with a larger Men 's model just to get numbers that are easier to read while running even though I would prefer a Women 's model . They just do n't seem to make some of the Women 's models with all the goodies that the men 's models get or they make the numbers cramped to fit into the smaller face.Overall , good watch for basic every day use . Not so good for running and not so good for over 40 eyesight . Design with some functions really could be better .
 I loved the watch , but recently the part that hooks the band together fell off . I have reconnected it several times . However , it keeps coming a part . I guess I will see if a watch store can help me . I have only had the watch for 3 months .
 The watch mechanism itself is great , but if I ca n't wear it on my wrist , it 's useless . Although it looks good at first , the cheap plastic that holds the face to the strap gets worn out , stretches , and then eventually does n't hold onto the face and buttons any longer . I wear this watch only to the gym , so I put it on and take it off 4-5 times a week , which is apparently too much stress for the watch band . Because the band is such an intricate part of the design -- the side buttons are incorporated into it -- it ca n't be replaced . I have to get a new watch.I 've had $ 9.99 Casios that lasted 10 years ... For $ 35 , I think this watch should last a lot longer than the year or so I 've gotten out of it . Very poor design by Timex . -LRB- Though very clever that this design flaw is not covered under the warranty . -RRB- Two stars instead of 1 because it was a 5 star item for about 6 months .
 Returning watch I purchased 1 month ago -LRB- water ruined display -RRB- even though supposed to be water resistant to 100 meters . In pulling up my order history by the word `` watch '' I saw that I 've ordered a watch a year for the past 6 years . Most have lasted about a year , but this last one only one month . Works well until the display fails due to moisture .
 I 've had two ironman watches - I loved the design and ease of use , but both lasted less than a year . My advice - get it if you really like the look & the features , but do n't expect it to last . Like many others ' stories , the band on the first ironman broke around 10 months . My second one just got water condensation inside after 5 months . It was fine with swimming 2 or 3 times a month , then suddenly let in water and broke . Since I really like this watch , I may put up with it a 3rd time at $ 30 - $ 35 on amazon . But if anyone finds a more durable , lightweight , multi-function , good looking watch - I 'll be first in line to try it .
 I have had this Ironman watch for about a year . I have been really happy with the interval timer function and the watch in general , but it has not held up to a year of regular use . I wear it probably about 75 % of my waking hours . I take it off , of course , to sleep , shower , and swim , but I do wear it when I run , bike , hit the weight room , and at work . In a year 's time , the band has broken because it is very thin where it wraps around the watch face , and over time it has become slightly brittle and worn out . The strap is also highly susceptible to discoloration -LRB- soaks up dyes from clothing like a sponge -RRB- but I imagine that this is a problem with many similar watches . Another problem I 've had is the indiglo function ceasing to work within a few months of purchasing the watch . Now pressing the indiglo button just makes the screen go blank . I wear the watch a lot but am pretty careful with it , so I have been surprised by how quickly it has worn out .
 I 've uploaded several photos so you can see for yourself why I gave this watch only 1 star . Timex Ironman are my favorite watches , and I have owned several over the years -LRB- currently I own the Timex Ironman 30 Lap and it 's great -- no problems with it whatsoever -RRB- . But this one ... such a disappointment and ONLY because the resin strap/band is a piece of junk and the ` paint job ' on face wore off almost immediately . The timepiece itself is fantastic . No problems there , but after the nice silver paint wore off , the little loop that prevents the excess band from catching on your clothing split and fell off -LRB- not a piece you can find & replace -RRB- . Then the band started cracking in many places and the problem is not just aesthetic . Eventually it 's going to fall apart completely and I wo n't be able to wear it again . The band is not replaceable . Such a bummer . A great watch but the poor quality band ruins it . BTW - I 've owned this watch for 1-2 years and wear it constantly , including in the shower . So I 've definitely * used * it , but this is marketed as a * triathlon * watch so I would expect it to be able to stand up to things like water .
 This watch is advertised as a `` triathlon '' watch by Timex . It took on water the first time I took it in the pool ! Timex customer service told me that you ca n't press the buttons when the watch is in the water!Does anyone at Timex know what a triathlon is ? I 'm sorry , but if you call a watch a triathlon watch it means people are going to buy it to use swimming -LRB- getting splits , etc. -RRB- and they 're going to need to press the buttons while the watch is wet ! False advertising by Timex . They should be ashamed !
 Despite claims , this watch is NOT waterproof . The whole reason I bought it is so I could wear it in the pool . After only a few swims it began taking on water and shorted out . I would NOT recommend this watch if you plan on getting it wet .
 I have had my watch for one year and the band is already cracked -LRB- the watch itself is great -RRB- . The band is such that it can not be replaced therefore the watch must be replaced . What a waste !
 I love this watch and is my second one , unfortunately both watches had the strap fail on them in less that two years . I sent Timex an email and they did n't reply . I love the functions on the watch and the simple look to it so am sad about this default . I am uncertain if I will buy Timex again .
 I received this as a Christmas gift in 2010 . It lasted less than 2 months before it was no longer waterproof . It would cloud up and stop working . It would begin working again once it dried out . This is worthless !
 I have worn Timex sports ' watches for several years now . However , I am now considering switching to a different brand . I purchased an older model Timex Women 's Ironman watch in DEC of 2007 . The band kept popping off the top and bottom of the watch , forcing me to buy a new one . I went with the T59201 , hoping the new band design would be better . I have had no problems with the band . It is now the watch , itself , that is the problem!I purchased the T59201 in JUL 10 . After wearing it to the waterpark one day , I noticed water inside the watch . The watchface became so clouded over with condensation that the watch was useless . Timex did send me a replacement watch in about 3 weeks . I have worn this watch lap swimming twice . Today , AGAIN , I noticed water in the watch . AGAIN , the face is clouding over . AGAIN , I now have to send the watch back . Third time a charm ? I do n't think so . I will be asking for a different make of watch .
 I purchased this watch at the same time i purchased a men 's tri watch for my husband as a gift . When i tried to use my watch for the first time , the battery was dead . I contacted Amazon customer service and they refunded me teh amount for a new battery ... however , it appears the battery is not the problem , as the watch has never worked for me . Disappointing , because i tried to contact Amazon customer service regarding this issue several times with no response . So i am left with a non-functioning piece of equipment . Very disappointing .
 I bought this watch and loved it because I could set multiple time intervals ; it was perfect for my runs . Within a week of owning it I jumped in the pool with it , it fogged up immediately . I waited for days for the condensation to disappear , not being able to see the intervals while running . About 5 days after I wore it in the pool it just completely died . I would not buy this watch again , love the features but not worth the risk of it failing when wet .
 I have had 2 of these . Timex replaced the first under warranty because it took on water while swimming . The second one has done the same and Timex will not replace . They told me that if you push any of the buttons in the water or ever change the battery that the water resistance is compromised . Once it takes in water , it fries the watch and stops working . Since this in an ironman triathalon watch designed to time laps , it defeats the purpose of having the watch .
 keep setting watch & it returns to another time/date . directions impossible to read so small . too bulky to wear at the card table , but like it when it works
 I purchased this watch at Wal-Mart , and after a month or two the strap separated from the watch on the side of the buckle . It pulled away from the watch where the two upper buttons are located . The watch could be hooked back into the strap ; but the strap remained loose and the upper part of the watch separated from it frequently . This continued for another month or so until today , when the watch popped completely out of the strap and was lost somewhere . This is a terrible design and I would never purchase another one .
 The watch arrived and as I was setting the time , one of the buttons and its spring completely fell off ! I thought sports watches were supposed to be sturdy . This was a new watch , I had n't even worn it once . Amazon processed my refund promptly .
 I bought this watch and three weeks later it filled up with water when I was swimming -LRB- definitely not below 100m -RRB- and it died . Now I have to pay $ 8 to have it fixed and it wo n't come back for up to a month . A water resistant watch should be able to be used in water . And it only was submerged on maybe 5 occasions during that time frame . The customer service representative tried to tell me that I likely pushed buttons while I was underwater , but I know I did n't . Since then , I 've heard other people tell me that the same has happened with their Timexes .
 The watch 's warranty makes you pay 7 $ for shipping and handling if it has a manufacturing problem , which it usually has when inmersed in water for the first time . That in itself is a great business for Timex . Then the watch works pretty good for up to a year when the band falls apart and the water goes in . It is very disappointing .
 No email addresses , no phone numbers , no resolution from Amazon . Forwarded to my c/c company to recoup payment .
 I swam in this watch one time and the watch now has condensation in it . I had thrown away the packaging , so now I 'm stuck . The watch is light and nice for running , but not a triathlon watch as it is marketed .
 This is the 10th Timex Ironman watch I 've purchased since 1987 , and it will be my very last . Timex has begun using `` chi chi '' watch bands . Well , my wife looked down at her christmas present after only 4 months , and the watch WAS GONE FROM THE BAND ! What a piece of garbage , I 'm out $ 35 !! If you use Timex Ironman watches , you know that the plastic bands eventually fail . What are you going to do when this band fails ? NOTHING AT ALL , YOU 'RE GON NA HAVE TO THROW IT AWAY !!! I 'd rather own a happy meal than this watch . From now on , I 'm going to buy the Ladies Expedition model , which uses standard watch bands . TIMEX THIS IS MY LAST IRON MAN PURCHASE !!!
 I have now owned two of these watches . Neither was waterproof . Both leaked ! One watch lasted one swim . The other watch died after three swims .
 I initially purchased this watch from Amazon about 8 months ago . I was happy to have an easy way to monitor my lap time and count laps while swimming . But after just a few months use , the watch fogged up and quit working.Since it was still under warranty I sent it in for repair . Timex replaced the watch , stating that the original watch could not be repaired.Okay fine.By the time I got the new watch , swimming season was over.I got back in the pool for the first time 3 days ago . When I got home I noticed my watch was fogged over and within hours the thing just died.It is a pity because I really liked the watch . But I wo n't be wasting my money on this one again .
 I received the watch on a Friday , learned how to program it Friday night . Took it for a swim Saturday afternoon . By Saturday night the watch no longer worked . My swim was a simple lap pool , I might have gone 5 feet under with flip turns , and yet it can not withstand it . Does not live up to it 's water resistance as advertised
 Prior to purchasing this watch , I owned two Timex Women 's Ironman watches . I replaced each of the watches after numerous years of wear -- only when the battery or the band broke . I 've been very pleased with the Timex Ironman watches , and so I decided to purchase yet another Timex Ironman.Needless to say , I am * very * disappointed with the design of the Timex Women 's T59201 Ironman Triathlon Watch . After just a few months of wear , the face of the watch completely popped out from the band ; when I went to look at the time , the face of the watch had completely slipped out from the band and so all that was attached to my wrist was the watchband . Fortunately I was able to locate the face , which had fallen on the carpet in another room in my house.I then tried supergluing the face of the watch to the band . Unfortunately , the glue has failed on numerous occassions . I hate to throw out the watch , as I have n't owned it for that long . But it such a pain to keep checking the watch to make sure that the face is still connected to the band . I am often to reconnect one of the four prongs thats secures the face to the band.Timex has gone careless in their design over the years . I used to be a faithful fan of Timex Ironman watches , but I no longer am a fan .
 I have been a devoted Timex fan for 15 + years . I am on my SECOND watch of this model . The first lasted for about 6 months before the watch part broke away from the band , my current one lasted for 1 MONTH before this same thing happend ! I can still use it just snap it back into place but I have almost lost the watch part NUMEROUS times ! One time in particular I was on a run and keeping track of my miles via the lap button on the Chrono , on my first mile I pressed the button to log the mile and the watch part popped out and I lost it in my layers of jacket and gloves . I found it of course but added time to my run and had to just carry the watch by itself.Let me say that I LOVE the interval timers and having the capability of 3 alarms and 2 time zones those alone made me buy my second one , I could n't find another watch on the market that had those features . I have now found SOLEUS watches -LRB- they have the same features and more -RRB- Womens Soleus 10K Chronograph 30 lap Mid Watchesyou may pay $ 10 more , but get the same features and hopefully a longer life out of your watch !
 I purchased this watch as a deal of the day -LRB- $ 49 -RRB- . I have several other Bulova watches but I have to admit this watch is only worth at $ 50 . The quality of the watch is not what I expected being that it was from Bulova .
 Nice looking watch and my son liked it very much until the second hand fell off after only a year or so of use . Very disappointed in the quality , not what I expected .
 so upset about this watch . . it broke the second day I had it ! the little metal part that holds the face of the watch and the wrist part of it came out and the watch fell right off my wrist !
 I bought this item and gave it as a gift to my nephew . My brother said there was a price printed on the box which was 10 USD . But Amazon sold it for more than 10 USD ... I was somewhat embarrassed because I told my brother it was bought more than 10 USD when I gave it as a gift .
 We bought these for our boys -LRB- ages 5 and 7 -RRB- . While I agree that the adjustable band is great and durable , the timepiece ran slow after only a couple of months . Not only that , the indiglo feature stopped working too . If your kids are learning to tell time , and do n't care if they have the correct time , this is an okay watch .
 I bought two of these one for each of my boys for Christmas . One of the two watches never did keep time properly . I even changed the battery . An expensive fix that did not work .
 I purchase this watch for my son and a similar one for my daughter , and both of them stopped working when we were at the beach . Both watches had humidity trapped . I understood that they were waterproof ! Also the wrist bracelet on this watch would not stay tight .
 These looked so good for a boy in the picture but actually it 's extremely hard to read time when the second hand is actually those balls that keeps on jumping before your eyes . I got it for my son when he was learning to tell time he was excited with the way they looked but then it made him hate telling time because he never got it right because of the design . Also the strap is n't strong enough , it 's elastic and when it snaps once it 's impossible to get it to fit tightly again . BAD idea for kids under 10 years .
 I bought a womans Fossil and got the men 's watch instead , tried to send it back never got a response .
 This watch is beautiful , but the machine have problems . its delaying some second every hour . sometimes its ok and sometimes it delays.El reloj es bonito , pero se esta atrasando unos segundos . lo hace aveces cada hora o cada dos horas . aveces dura mucho sin atrasarse pero luego lo hace .
 This item is a piece of junk . It fell apart the first day I got it . I understand that it 's not an expensive watch , but I expected it to last more than one day .
 THERE WAS NO WATCH IN THE BOX !!! Waited quite a while for the shipment . Received all the packaging today , but there was no watch in the box . Crazy .
 i ordered this watch on here for my boy friend then later found it at tillys in the mall for $ 30 cheaper . the face of the watch LOOKS pretty big but its about average size if not smaller .
 I was very excited upon receiving the watch , I opened the boxAnd it really looked great a very good looking watch indeed.Unfortunately the quality was not up to par with the design , I found thatIt gave me the impression the materials were cheap.But what make me return the watch was the fact that the Glass was dirty on the inside around all the perimeter of the sphere , Amazon was great processing the return label .
 My son got this for christmas . We had problems with the backlight working and the buttons were very hard to push .
 I bought this watch in various designs for my son and one for my daughter . Every watch broke within 6-12 months of purchase . My daughter 's watch broke in the first 6 hours of wearing it and we were at the museum that day so she was n't doing anything that might cause it to break . When I went to the jewelry store to have it repaired , I was told that they had seen a bunch of watches of this style all mysteriously breaking . It is hard to find a digital watch for kids that is n't made of plastic or very plain . These watches are cute and easy to use but they will break every time . Do yourself a favor and do not buy this .
 This was my second Nike watch . My first one lasted 2 yrs , but suddenly died soon after a battery was replaced . This was after already replacing the rubberized watch band , which had broken . Anyway , despite this , I bought this watch -- Nike Triax Speed 10 -- because I really liked the large face , etc. . However , after only 2 months , this watch stopped responding ! I would try to press the buttons for timechange and backlighting , but nothing would happen . After `` troubleshooting '' this with Nike support , they said it was covered under warranty and I could have it fixed for $ 8.95 + my shipping costs ! Also I was disappointed that when I described the problem , they seemed to know about it from previous versions of the watch . This begs me to ask
 I would n't say I am an avid swimmer , but within a month my watch was already chipping and now it wo n't work at all due to water leaking into the face . A little disappointed in the quality , and hoping that my replacement will be more sucessful .
 When I saw this watch , I thought it was perfect ! It had all the settings I wanted , the color and everything . It was working fine until I went swimming with it !!! Then it stopped working ! Water got in , even though it says it is water resistent up to 100M . And , not only did this watch break on me , but another one exactly the same , also broke in the water too ! How can this watch claim to be an Ironman Triathlon watch when it ca n't even go in the water and get wet ?!!!! This happened to me twice on the exact same make and model of watch , so I would DEFINATELY NOT RECOMMEND THIS WATCH TO ANYONE !!! It sucks . it is NOT water resistent or water proof and does not work in the water !!!! I am very , very disappointed with my purchase !!!
 These watches are beautiful and I have had 3 in the last 6 years or so ... but every time they get wet , they break . Recently my watch was just sitting by the pool and it was still ruined after a little water splashed on it . Great watch but not if you are going to be around water -LRB- even out in the rain ! -RRB-
 This is a decent watch . It is unfortunately , disposable . The pretty blue turns an ugly greyish green after a while , like a month , of serious swimming pool swimming . If you want to keep it blue , do n't expose it to chlorine . If you want to take it into a pool regularly , you might want to pick a different color . The band starts to crack after about 2 years . Being resin , there is no way to fix it and there is no way to replace it . -LRB- Other Ironman models have replaceable bands . -RRB- It also has a tendency not to remain waterproof . No serious depth diving , just regular swimming and after a while it develops a fog under the `` crystal '' when exposed to water . It dries out , but the waterproofing is clearly not made to last . Mine leaked within the first year , so I sent it back -LRB- plus the required $ 7 -RRB- and they replaced it under warranty.Aside from the above mentioned problems , it is a nice watch with a lot of cool features . If you still want to buy this watch , there is an extended warranty you can get for $ 5 from Timex for 5 years of coverage . I did n't , but it is described in the instructins paper that comes with the watch . It 'll cost you $ 7 plus shipping every time you send it in , but I can assure you you will need to send it in during that time if you wear the watch regularly.Considering the $ 5 , the $ 7 , the shipping and the cost of the watch , I would recommend an upgrade from the start and that you skip this watch .
 Bought 3 one of these . The watch is easy to see , has 3 alarms , and has nice colors.But , the bands are not replaceable -LRB- they stretch off the watch -RRB- and the lighter colored ones show dirt , and some of the dirt ca n't be cleaned off . The band on 1st watch gave out after one year . The 2nd watch did n't survive beginning open water diving -LRB- 20 minutes at a maximum of 35 ' -RRB- . The band on the 3rd watch lasted only two months .
 The watch itself is fine , but the band stretched and finally broke within 3 months . I was constantly trying to put it back on and finally it snapped !
 I purchased this watch at Wal-Mart , and after a month or two the strap separated from the watch on the side of the buckle . It pulled away from the watch where the two upper buttons are located . The watch could be hooked back into the strap ; but the strap remained loose and the upper part of the watch separated from it frequently . This continued for another month or so until today , when the watch popped completely out of the strap and was lost somewhere . This is a terrible design and I would never purchase another one .
 This watch has great features ! I run and bike a lot and wore the watch 24/7 . I even swam in it some . This watch was great for a while , even with the band becoming stained . After about a year the band started peeling away from the watch face . I kept popping it back together and even gluing it , but eventually the whole thing just popped out . I was very disappointed ! I have never had this much trouble with an ironman watch and have owned a few in the past . I was definitely expecting it to last longer than it did . Buyer beware !!
 So far I 've owned two of this watch . I have n't had the water problems or band splitting problems that other people mention . Although I 'm not swimming with this watch on a regular basis.However , the paint that looks metallic has rubbed off on each of these watches revealing ugly plastic underneath . :--LRB- And I am pretty gentle with my watches!I lost the first watch , which is why I could justify to myself buying it again . I would like to order a third watch and hope that I can somehow prevent the metallic from rubbing off , but since the battery is still good on the second watch and the watch itself works , it 's a little harder to justify buying the same thing again.BTW , I bought a 1440 -LRB- I could justify buying a different style -RRB- and the strap was not the same pretty blue color ... although the online picture showed that the watch was a similar periwinkle blue , a little metallicy , the strap was a different light aqua ... an ugly color that discolors easily.I like the feminine size , color , nice buttons , and features of this watch -LRB- including dual time zones -RRB- .
 I have owned some form of Ironman Timex for as long as I 've been old enough to wear a watch . Every watch from this line has lasted for a minimum of 3 years before the strap breaks or I misplace it . I have small hands and wrists , so was excited about the slimmer look and thrilled with the standard Timex functions I 'm so familiar with
 As many other people have done , I purchased the watch because of previous reputation . The company has done a full 180 from the past . Lots of flash , bling , self generated reviews , empty promises and a poor quality workmanship . First and foremost , keep it away from water . During a race , we went under a sprinkler system and the watch got a little wet . When we passed the finish line , 1/2 hour later , it fell apart . It was full of water inside , the band and buttons fell off . One person said to me when I was picking up the parts from the street `` Oh , it must be a Timex , right ? '' What junk . As far as the warrantee it is only valid if you kept it in the original box , never used it and kept 100 ' from water . I 'm going back to Casio . No bling , pomp and circustance , just reliability .
 This watch has worked well for me as a running watch for about 6 months , but I agree with those who said that it 's not water resistant . I wore it in the baby pool with my kids where it was never more than inches under water and not for very long each time , and the watch filled with water . I dried it out and it still works fine , but it 's certainly not a watch to wear swimming . -LRB- and my watch is indeed blue , not at all purple -RRB- .
 Not at all happy - bought this for my daugher first time it saw water it got condensation in it and a week later died - what a waste of money she had it 2 months and is trash - please save your money and buy something else if it has to be a timex DO NOT GET THIS MODEL . I have several timex watches - I have never had a problem with any of them !
 I can not even use the watch because it came without a battery . I do not have car or leave near a jewelry store so I do n't know where I am magically going to get a battery . I am VERY disappointed and I do not think I will be buying from Amazon for a while ! In the picture the watch is working but do not be fooled !
 i chose this watch because its blue color perfectly matched my wife 's running outfit and her gym bag . sadly when the watch arrived the wristband was PURPLE not blue.i called in and amazon could n't help me . they looked at the picture and said that the image was indeterminate - could be blue , could be purple . but , in reality the picture is a pretty faded blue and the watch itself is nothing like the picture , it is instead a bright glowing purple.they said return the item and choose another one , which is frustrating , time consuming , and another two weeks without a watch.otherwise the watch seems to be great . works great . has great features . too bad ugly . who wants a bright purple watch ?
 I bought this watch in the same make and model twice . I loved the color and the many functions and still do BUT they were both not water resistant . Like many others before me have said , once it got wet , it died on me . The first time this happened it died after about 8 months and I thought it was just a fluke . So I bought this same watch again and it died on me in less than 6 months this time after being exposed to water . I used to think timex ironman triathlon watches were great because I got a black one just like this 5 years ago with the same exact functions and it actually was water proof . But after about 3 years of extreme wear and tear the strap got hard and broke . However , I would prefer 3 years of good use to 6 months of limited use . Do n't make my mistake !
 My wife has been through three of these watches . She loves the functions of the watch for work , but the bands keep breaking . So far , googling has n't shown a source for replacing the watch bands.It should n't be too difficult . The watch body itself just pops right out of the rubbery band . Given the tremendous amount of bands that are breaking , I 'm surprised that someone over in China has n't started making a living from selling replacement bands . But even eBay does n't have anything.I 'm wondering if we can find a craftsman to fabricate an alternative ?
 Do n't Bother - Avoid the InsanityI have had my heart broken by too many of these styles of ironman watch . The watch itself is Good , but the wristband does not last longer than a year . Then you are stuck with a watch that works but is un-wearable because there is no way to replace this type of band . NO Band Available.I know because I have 5 watches -LRB- so obviously I liked the watch mechanism -RRB- - At first I thought it was just a fluke that the wristbands broke . But I finally remembered - a definition of insanity is repeating the same action over and over and expecting different results.Now some of my watches are still ticking away in a drawer because there are No replacement wrist bands . It does n't matter how great the watch I s - if you ca n't wear it
 Bought this just over a year ago and the strap is falling apart :o-LRB- I wear my watches daily and do a lot of physical activity so I need them to be able to take a lot of abuse ... this one did not perform well at all . The color fades to a yucky tarnished brown color ... pretty for a few months and then ... well yuck ! Since you ca n't change out the strap this thing is a terrible waste of money ... now I have to buy a new watch and it wo n't be one with this type of strap . The strap has a wider end to it and it keeps catching on everything ! Oh and did I mention that the strap has stretched and stretched ... I was using it on hole # 3 and now it 's on # 5 and still stretching ... just NOT a good buy .
 I really liked this watch when I first got it about a year and a half ago , until the first time I took it swimming . It got condensation under the face , and I worried this was the beginning of the end for my watch . It continued to get that condensation under the face everytime I went into the water . Yesterday I went for a casual swim , and there was the condensation under the face again . About an hour later the watch totally died . Not much for an Ironman watch - does n't that event include a swim ? My casio that I had as a kid was tougher than this watch . Bummer , since I liked the count-down feature for alternating running sets , but I love being on the water so waterproofing , especially when it is listed as such , is important . Save your money - the life of this watch was only a year and a half .
 Poorly made . Bought it for my wife for Christmas . After 3 months of swimming with it , there is water/mist inside it . Of course , I ca n't find the receipt , so I ca n't return it under warranty .
 I have nothing against the functionality of this watch -- I 'm a soccer referee , and I have no qualms about trusting it to time the games . But it fell apart . The swooshy-looking part of the frame around the watch face has popped off -- I can pop it sort of back on , but if I bend my wrist it pops off again . It still stays on my wrist , and I still have it and wear it occasionally because I do n't often need a watch , but I 'm getting a new one . If you want a cheap , working sport watch and do n't care how it looks , this one is acceptable . Otherwise , I 'd say give it a miss .
 I got this for my wife . She had an older model and it lasted for years until the case cracked . So I got this as a replacement.The first swim it went dead , water got into it . So we returned it . She has had the replacement for 6 months and swims in a pool with it once a week . Well the second one has died , once again from water . I am trying to get this replaced , maybe the third time will be a charm.It is getting to the point that we will have spent more on shipping for returning the watch then what we paid for it in the first place.A note on timex warranty . You have to pay shipping to timex and pay a fee to get them to warranty it . Not really the best warranty , but after we forked over money they sent a replacement watch.I will update when we see how the third watch does :6 / 11/2009 - Late update on 3rd watch . Third watch worked until recently . Case held tight but band separated off the side . The first two watches we got must have been from a bad lot where the case was not sealed . It is too bad you can not replace the band .6 / 23/2010 - Decided to order a 4th watch of same type . My wife likes them .7 / 13/2010 - Well I guess they are still a disposable watch . 4th watch died . The band fell off in the same manner as the 3rd watch . It is only a few days past the 1 year warranty so . Ordered a 5th one . I will update this in a year or less once that one dies .6 / 21/2011 - 5th one lasted 6 months . It has been on my desk for months while I debate paying for it to be covered under warranty when it will die in a few months . This may just be the last one .
 I bought this watch in November 2004 and I loved it . I 've worn Timex Ironman watches since I was in college -LRB- circa 1987 -RRB- and this was my favorite one of all time . Crisp clear display , great functionality , easy on-the-fly timer operation , 3 alarms ! The first thing that started bugging me was how dirty the band started to look . Not a terribly big deal , but it was very grungy looking after a fairly short time . The resin band just seems to absorb dirt . Then the resin band peeled off from around watch face . I superglued it back , but it peeled off again eventually . Then the little tabs holding it in place broke off . Then the plastic face cracked and kept falling off . I could snap it back in , but eventually it fell off without my noticing and I lost it . Then I went swimming and water got in the watch . Then it died . End of story . It is now August 2006 , so the watch lasted less than two years . That 's hardly what I 'd call `` taking a licking and keeping on ticking '' and definitely not what I 've come to expect from these watches after 20 years of wearing them .
 Sadly enough , I had the same experience as several others . I have owned -LRB- and loved ! -RRB- about 5 Ironman watches in the past 12 years . My husband about the same . In the past it seems the band dies far before the watch does . I had this watch less than 2 months and it got all clouded from water exposure -LRB- swimming laps -RRB- . Dried it out in instant rice in a bag . Same thing happened again . Called Timex and they told me to send it in and they would check it out for some ridiculous fee -LRB- about as much as I paid for the watch - no thanks -RRB- . Continued to wear it and then battery died . Replaced battery with a new one and watch still would not work . Done with Timex for now . Watch lasted less than a year easy . Got a new Polar that has an easy change battery feature . I love it !
 I had about 9 months use out of this watch . I wore for swimming a lot , and one day it clouded up and then went blank . The multiple functions worked okay while they were operating . Watch faded in color . A little pricey to only last a short time .
 I bought this watch for my daughter to wear to sailing class . 1st watch was dead within hours , returned it and 2nd watch was dead after it 's first swim . Total junk .
 I love the look of this watch and it works great in rain or dry conditions . But it just ca n't take the water . This is my 2nd watch in a year that has gotten condensation inside and been ruined . The first one failed within the first month , after swimming laps in the pool . The second lasted about 9 months and did fine in the pool , but could n't handle my trip to the beach last week . Ugh ! Time to stop buying this watch and try a different one .
 Should have read the reviews . But since my husband was happy with his Timex Ironman , I thought I 'd try one too . After only 6 months of use -LRB- and only on weekends -RRB- , the watch part popped out of the strap support , and just does n't stay in place when you try to hook it back in . The watch may keep on ticking , but the strap is useless , effectively making the whole watch useless .
 I bought this watch because I liked the sleek design compared to the usual bulky sport watch . After only a few months the band began to separate from the watch , and was not repairable . I would not recommend this item .
 I am a loyal timex tri atch wearer - have worn nothing else for the last 25 years . I have had to return this watch for repair twice - just not up to their usual standards . Water got in the dial - they replaced it . I 'm about to send it back since the side of the strap has come loose and will permit the watch to leak again . Also the band soils very easily . there are other , better watches from timex .
 I have worn many of these watches , and I bought this one for my daughter . After minimal wear , and not even for sports , it 's already falling apart . Frustrating !
 About a week after I got the watch I wore it to the indoor pool and it had condendsation almost immediately . Then the functions did n't work . Definitely not water resistant . I also thought the band was stiff and uncomfortable .
 I bought this watch from Wal-mart summer 2006 and it has been less than two years and I am on my third battery . After a few months the band became discolored . A month ago the mode button broke off and needless to say I am searching for a new watch . I ware the watch every day and have not been very rough with the watch but it is worn out . I think I am done with Timex for a while .
 Product arrived damaged with a button that had fallen off . I had to glue it back on ? I hope it stays ?
 This watch is bigger that I thought it would be . It is also very difficult to program . Make sure to keep the instructions !
 tried every combination -LRB- not just me -RRB- but ca n't set the right time ... probably have to take it to a store to take the battery out & place it back at an exact hour.the time could be changed only in quantities of 30 min.other than that simple matter , the watch looks great .
 I ahve always ben a timex fan and bought tthis for swimming . It fogged almost as soon as I entered the pool . Iam terribly disapponited in this watch ... It is supposed to be waterproof to 40 meters and instead it fogged after being a meter deep and swimming a lap ...
 My 11YO daughter bought this because she loves to know what time it is . She swims 5-6 times per week and the watch started fogging up after about 6 months . I 'll look for another brand next time .
 The watch is very reasonably priced , however , you must be in the armed forces as it only gives military time . Also could not set the date .
 Says it sets atomically to time in Boulder , CO. . But it does n't . Amzaon return policy rips you off on return . Read the fine print . Buyer beware .
 The watch is great looking and very basic . It does not have the date , which I miss from my other watch , nor any bells and whistles . If you want just a basic watch that has the time , you will like this .
 I bought this watch because it was cute -LRB- for a digital watch -RRB- and inexpensive , and I figured as long as it kept time and was waterproof , it would suit my needs.I should have heeded the other reviews that said the watch was difficult to set ... I have never had so much trouble setting a watch as I have with this one . Do yourself a favor and buy something else .
 Band broke with first wearing ; almost impossible to set-instructions that came with watch did n't correspond to the watch . I 'm sending back ASAP-can ' t bellieve this watch was rated so highly !
 I bought this watch last year and the blue decorative face plate falls off in time . It also happened on a different Timex watch I bought at the same time . The watch still functions , but does n't look too cool anymore .
 I bought this watch at Target for $ 14.99 . I thought it was a good buy . I did n't really want to spend too much on a watch -LRB- only needed something for work -RRB- . Well , I got what I paid for . Within three weeks of having it I noticed every time I would wash my hands -LRB- which is a lot because I work in a hospital setting -RRB- , condensation would finds its way underneath so that I could not read the time until the moisture dried up . Totally surprised me , I 've never had a watch do this . It still works , but its not worth taking off every time I think it might get wet -LRB- supposed to be water proof -RRB- . Not worth the good buy . I guess it pays to go a little more expensive .
 I HATE this watch . I 've never felt this passionately about a watch before , but this is impossible to use . The biggest problem is they tried to make it look stylish at the cost of usability . It needs more buttons like others in the 1440 series , 4 just does n't cut it . For some features you actually have to press two buttons at once , which is pretty hard since the buttons are tiny , hard to press , and you 're doing this one handed . I do n't have a problem setting the time , but it 's all the other features that make it impossible . For a week it was set on military time , except I somehow set the alarm to go off at 1pm every day , and when I tried to fix that I somehow turned it back to 12-hour time , but ca n't figure out that stupid alarm . They waste space to make it look stylish and simplistic , but I 'm much prefer they put the date on the face rather than the day , since that 's half the reason I wear a watch . Also , it does n't have a timer , and the stop watch feature does n't do laps , it just counts up . I 've been combing amazon trying to find a cheap replacement , and I 've only worn this for a week and a half . Save your money and get any other watch .
 I am pretty good at electronics , but I could not get this watch to set the time and display it properly . My sister gave it a try with no luck and my husband laughed at us until he could not get it display the correct time either.We followed the directions exactly without good results .
 I 've been sitting with my new watch for over an hour now ... and the most I can get it to do is completely reset to 12:00:00 . The instructions that came in the package are for a completely different model with different buttons . I bought the watch as a cheap one to wear while biking and I guess I got my money 's worth ... it 's essentially a rubber bracelet.I 'm going to try to remember to reset it at noon/midnight one day and maybe then I 'll be able to use it . Until then ... what a nightmare .
