 The best shoes ever , but if you use coverse.com to buy your shoes prepair for the SLOWEST loading site you have ever experienced ! Many times I did n't buy shoes because of the speed of their site . I have really fast internet and their site is by far the slowest of any site I use . If you have the patients you ca n't beat the shoes -LRB- I always use the create your own -RRB- I have created some really unique shoes .
 These arrived much faster than they said they would . Because they are a gift I was pleased by the early arrival.They are exactly what I was looking for .
 I ordered these shoes for a wedding , yeah I know , and paid the extra twenty bucks to have them shipped 2day air . They went from the East coast to the Midwest , and were five miles from my house on Friday , but UPS charges extra to deliver on Saturday . If I had known there would be an extra charge , I would have paid it , but was n't given the option . The shoes arrived on Monday , the day after the wedding . I emailed the company to voice my displeasure , and was informed that I actually received them before I was supposed to ! My advice , great shoes , great prices , just make sure you plan ahead .
 The ordering process was easy . The wait was not long . The product was perfect !!!
 I 've been wanting Converse high-top tennis shoes for years now , and my husband just recently purchased them for me for my birthday . I have weak ankles from years of hiking , past injuries , etc. . The high top style gives my ankles more support . I only wish they had arch support and then I 'd be in complete heaven . However , these are tops in my book , plus they look stylish ! I love how they stay in style no matter what ! Thanks !
 What else can you say about a sneaker that has been around for over 90 years . These sneakers are simply great !!! I got the classic black high top and am very pleased with them . They are comfortable , durable and stylish . On a hot summer day the do n't heat up like a bread oven , like some sneakers do , keeping your feet cool and comfy . If they do get dirty or funky you can simply toss them into your washer and bada bing like new !!! They offer enough support for me to last for a long day of walking around town or work . One of the coolest things about these sneakers is that they offer a `` back at ya '' response to the more expensive and mostly ugly `` skater '' and basketball sneakers . A great sneaker at a great price . I love mine !!!
 My son absolutely loved this shoes . They came in perfect condition . The best part was I did not have to hunt them down locally .
 So glad they make them in a size 16 . . I do wish there was a larger selection to choose from but after size 13 the selections naturaly dwindle .
 These shoes are great . I value a lightweight , sturdy , hightop shoe for playing basketball -LRB- prison rules style -RRB- with the 11 other firefighters I work with . They require a tough foot , but if you can hack it they will save you some money .
 What else can I say ? Converse 's Chuck Taylor High-Tops have been tried and true for decades . They are comfortable , fun and in my case , red . I am 51 years young and I receive more compliments on these shoes than any other item of apparel that I own . Love them .
 Chances are that if you 're reading this , you 're already an urban hipster or musician so you wo n't really care what I have to say . BUT , I would just like to let everyone know , I tore the heal on mine , and after three months of owning them the sides of the toe are coming unglued . -LRB- Granted I 've worn them everyday since I got them -RRB- Not exactly worth the price , but still a darn comfortable shoe !
 Very smooth purchase , excellent price - the best anywhere and believe me I searched , very fast delivery , really good communication . Thank you
 These shoes are worn very regularly by most of my family for nearly barefoot comfort . We like the colors and the look of them . I like the pink ones , because when I was a kid my mother told me I could be invisible in pink sneakers . I have 2 pairs of the high tops , one pair is 5 years old and while they are limp and a bit faded , the soles are still in decent condition . I also have a pair of the oxfords in raspberry rose which is just a fantastic pink color , and does n't seem to be fading fast . My daughter loves her Skydiver Blue pair.They do n't offer any support and they do run large . But as long as you are n't doing a lot of walking , they are very comfortable and light weight . I use my oxfords as slip ons with the laces tied a bit loose .
 you know the shoe and you know the star . the comfort level is the truth and they feel so good and have much style and Profile then as now . I have bought Chucks all through the years and they are always chill and they got style . real nice , real nice .
 Great pair of shoes with a lot of history . the only crappy thing is that i lost them ... : Cthe shipping was quick and with a low price and yes ... they were not avaliable for super saver shipping ... Highly recommend them for everyone
 I 've been wearing these shoes since I was 12 years old . They are in my opinion the most comfortable and stylish shoes ever made . Unlike other shoes that give way to much support . These shoes sometimes feel like you 're actually not wearing shoes at all . A good way to feel the ground underneath your feet . Great for all occasions but not really recommended in the snow or heavy rain .
 Came fast , look great , a great experience . The fit is amazing , the color is vibrant , and to know that it 's a -LRB- red -RRB- product is awesome . Will defiantly recommend and buy from again .
 Product arrived early , in good condition , and as described . This shoe does run larger than the size you normally wear . I read somewhere to order one size smaller but I ordered 1/2 size smaller and inserted a cushioned insole . It fits perfect and wears nice .
 I got as a casual peice and also to wear to work they are half a size to big but I will live . Great Buy
 I bought these for the sole purpose of weightlifting . Excellent ankle support and flat bottoms without much heel make these an ideal shoe in the gym . These shoes provide very firm footing and i would highly recommend them to bodybuilders on a budget .
 Black All-Star High-tops ConverseHonestly these are the best shoes I have ever owned . I bought a pair for school , and I instantly knew that these were the shoes that would last me through the school year . And so far they have . My dad told me `` You should get the smaller size . '' I asked why , and he said `` You ruin and ware down shoes easy . '' But I have proved him so wrong . It 's been 3 months and not even a single scratch . What I love about these shoes is they do n't try to be special because they already are special . The makers do n't add glitter or sparkles to make them stand out . If you are looking for normal this is the way to go.You should know there is only one word that can describe these shoes
 There are a lot of hard core Chuck Taylor addicts out there and after ordering my first pair I can say I 'm still outside that bubble . They look good and the high top does n't squeeze my ankle or anything like that . The sizing was dead on so do n't order a half size larger thinking it 's a good idea ! My 9 's were dead on . The Chucks are a seasonal shoe I would n't wear them in the extreme cold , or really rainy days . As for soles and support they 're flat . I 've owned Vans and they 're even flatter than that with less support . It might just be I 'm not a kid anymore , or I 've got the wrong type of foot but I 'm not so sure . I 'm expecting these to be my pair of Chucks to last a while because I 'm not gon na be wearing these every day . So , they 're definitely good . . and everything that other people love , but I think I 'd rather wear Vans .
 In that classic converse style -LRB- edgy plum purple color -RRB- tennis shoes.I have wore Converse shoes since High School mid-sixties ; and they have proven more durable over the years!Of course , you have to purchase white pair for summer ; purple or black for winter.Enjoy the wear and feeling of being part of a classic brand !
 How can you go wrong with a pair of classic black Chuck Taylor 's . Just keep in mind that the shoe sizes run BIGGER . I wear and 11 and ordered a pair of 11s . A whole size to big for me . I do n't mind returning , but just keep that in mind .
 Converse Chuck Taylor All Stars are not just a fashion statement . Back in the day , they were my choice of athletic footwear -- following in my father 's footsteps -- while starting center on the high school basketball team . For a 6 ' 2 '' white guy with a moderate vertical leaping ability , I did n't have to worry about losing any spring in my step , and I always led stats in rebounds and blocked shots against players wearing the then-ubiquitous Adidas , Puma and Converse `` Dr. J '' hi-tops . In all fairness , and as a disclaimer , 80 % of the opposing team members were white guys , too.Still , though I have absolutely no vertical leap left -LRB- hey . I graduated 24 years ago -RRB- , I still wear these shoes , just because . Like one reviewer pointed out , they 're a great conversation starter . Plus , they 're as comfy as a second pair of feet.At the turn of the 20th to the 21st century , it appeared that there 'd be NO Chucks left at all
 Originally went for 15s as I usually wear a 14 1/2 or 15 , but this was way way too big . Got the 14 's instead and they are actually a little long in the toe . Absolutely no support in these shoes at all , not that I was really expecting any . Just wanted to try them out . They are great as far as outfitting goes ... they go with anything . But , do not plan on doing any major hiking in them . They are casual shoes and are for just that ... being casual ! Overall not a bad shoe though !
 When basketballer Charles `` Chuck '' Taylor walked into the Converse company back in 1921 complaining of sore feet , he started a revolution . He designed a shoe that was to bear his name only two years later . It would go on to be THE most popular sneaker of all time . Over 500 million pairs have been sold worldwide . The popularity of these legendary shoes has gone in waves but people have always come back to Chucks throughout the past 80 years ! And some people , like myself , just ca n't get enough of them , and go on to build a collection of these wonderful sneakers . Nowadays I only wear Chucks , no other sneaker graces my feet . They are so comfortable and good looking , and take it from me , they boost your self-esteem ! Walk down the street in them and you feel ten feet tall . Sounds corny , but it 's true . They 're like a security blanket around your ankles . I absolutely love Chucks and wo n't ever stop wearing them . Do yourself a favour , buy a pair . Then see how long till you get another and another .
 Just what I expected . Awesome . I wear a 11.5 in most shoes and got a 12 here on purpose so I could wear thick winter socks . Even with the socks they are a bit roomy in the toe - so believe that &#34; run a half size large &#34; thing for Converse i guess . Other than that , this Pair of Chucks are exactly right on .
 No hay zapatos mas c&oacute;modos y duraderos que estos cl&aacute;sicos ... Lucen con todo tipo de vestimenta y como dicen , lo cl&aacute;sico nunca pasa de moda .
 I was debating whether I wanted to buy a pair online or just go into a store and buy them there . Boy am I glad I went to go buy them in person ... as other people have mentioned , Converse run a little big so a size 11 -LRB- which I am -RRB- is really a 9 or so . I ended up getting an 8/5 and I have n't worn 8/5 size shoes since I was 13 . You really want to go and buy them in person and completely avoid this problem .
 Good and quick . Love the shoes although it was a bit confusing whether it was hi top or not as it showed up differently on my order form . But it was hi-tops and I 'm happy : - -RRB-
 These shoes are great for walking , good staple for any wardrobe . The hitops are very secure around my ankles and I like the way they feel when walking around all day . They fit great and just feel very solid . Small scratches and scuff marks come off easily with rubber eraser . I got the package three days before scheduled . No complaints whatsoever .
 Classic perfection . Fits amazing . Looks beautiful . Shipped quicker than expected . Long lasting . This is my third pair of this exact pair . Each has lasted years . Awesomesauce in a box .
 After seeing all the reviews about this shoe , I wanted to actually physically try on a pair before buying to make sure of the size . I love these shoes . They 're comfortable and just great . I just wanted to post about the size difference I experienced . I have been wearing size -LRB- male -RRB- 10.5 for years now . I 've bought many different shoes from different brands and this is always my style . After trying on many pairs of these shoes I finally found my size for these shoes . 8.5 . A full two sizes lower ! 8 was too tight and 9 was a bit too big .
 I have a pair of these and they are my go-to shoe . They are soooo confortable and they go with any kind of jean and never fail to make a statment . I have own my pair of all black chucks for over 7 years and wear them often and they are only now starting to show wear . They are tough and confortable . I will never hesitate to buy chucks . If you do n't find anything you like go to the converse site and create your own . I LOVE the ones I created there .
 I bought these for powerlifting , as an alternative to much more expensive lifting shoes . They are legal in the organization I lift in , and they are exactly what I need . The flat , thin sole is perfect for squatting and deadlifting with stability and safety.I could see durability of these shoes being a problem IF they were worn as an everyday shoe , i.e. , outside , or to work / school . The canvas material is thin , and this is by no means a rugged pair of shoes . But for what I uses them for - strictly in the gym - they are excellent .
 My granddaughter absolutely '' ... had to have , more than anything in the world ... '' a pair of Converse Purple High-tops for Christmas ! Ordered them on 12/19 & they arrived on the 22nd , in plenty of time for me to once again be `` the greatest grandpa in the world '' !
 Got this pair for my girlfriend as I got a pair myself for a themed party we had and well party is over and we are still rocking them
 My husband loved them . Make sure to buy a half-size smaller than you usually wear , as they do run large .
 They 're Chuck Taylor 's . If you 'll like them , you 'll love these . Black high-top sneakers were a great gift for the scene girl with black everything
 I like this product because it was not used.Good product and cheaper than the official site.that is it
 I would be very greatful if u can let me know if the white chucks is one size bigger then nornal sizing cause I didnt see the remarks like on the black ones.Thanks
 UPDATE !! Though I did n't get what I originally purchased , Extreme Footwear was wonderful in that they rushed the correct pair to me . Since they were an outside vendor Amazon could n't ship me the correct pair they could only do the return . Extreme Footwear took the iniciative do to that for me and I am a happy customer . The shoes are exactly what we hoped for . More importantly , My son is happy !
 Chuck Taylors are my favorite shoes . I have used them for years because they 're comfortable , casual and have character . I replace them when they get too worn . I 've been buying them online for a while . I found them here for under 40 bucks which was a steal . I received them in just a few days . I could n't be happier with my new chucks .
 My son spotted the basketball shoes he wanted at the mall . I saw the price and I knew I could find them cheaper on line . I have purchased other things through amazon.com and have been very pleased with them in the past , so I thought I would try them first . We found the shoes he wanted for almost half the price . When I saw that I said `` SOLD ! '' It was fast and easy , and they got really fast . We 're happy .
 Shipping was fast and free !!!! I was so amazed at how fast this got here ! I Recieved my shoes 3 days after shipping ... they are very comfortable and cute and go with anything ... DEFINATELY a great find ! = -RSB-
 I love my chuck Taylors . They go well with Jeans or almost anything that I want to wear . Looking to buy the Chocolate next .
 They were a last minute Christmas gift . They came so quickly , the size was normal , the color fun , he loved them .
 I ordered these for my granddaughter 's birthday . They were shippped promptly , and I was able to track them very efficiently . They were exactly what we wanted !!! They are very attractive and wear well .
 As always converse well never let you down with these silver boots ! I love tham and use them all the time !
 These Chucks are comfortable and look even cooler than the regular canvas style . I think I first saw them in the movie I , Robot and got a pair shortly after . It 's been a few years and they 're only showing slight wear . Everyone who sees them likes the leather too . Highly recommended !
 The shoe fit me well , and it came in the original condition - no damages , and it came on time .
 Ive been wearing converse all stars for over 20 years and still love them . Ive also found they make a nice driving shoe because there thin and you can feel the pedals . If youve never had a pair its time to try .
 They looked great when i got them and are still holding up good . This coming from someone that wears out shoes like no other . haha
 ... Chuck Taylor All Stars are good for doing squats . That 's why I buy them . A lot of athletic shoes have a good amount of padding on the bottom , which is fine for running , but while doing squats , makes my feet feel slightly wobbly . The Taylors allow my feet to stay firmly planted , which helps me maintain proper technique .
 This company was excellent to deal with . When we received the shoes , they did n't fit properly . Exchanging them was a breeze and another size was promptly sent to us at no extra charge to us . Very efficient .
 They are a great shoe and my granddaughter loves them . I got them in plenty of time to give them to her for her birthday .
 Quality , classic style , comfort ... you ca n't go wrong with a pair of Chuck Taylors . Great for weightlifting/powerlifting . Thin sole is good for dealifting .
 Good . Cheap . Classical Chuck Taylor allready . Buy them.Enought comment . Remember to pray for the Converse . Kiss you dude.Bye . k ?
 I 'm so glad I brought these shoes for my father because he 's been wanting a pair for so long , so I got them and he loves them . They 're a great Shoe for a great price .
 My grandson is thrilled with his new shoes . A size 16 looks like a boat , but he says they are very comfortable . Good choice .
 Arrived in 2 days.Still the same wonderful shoes I remember from high school 25 years ago .
 I bought this converse for my younger sister that she badly wanted them . Transaction was very smooth , they got here on time , and she was really happy !
 this is the best shoe I have ever bought . I love them and will never go back to pumas or addiadas ever !
 The best shoes ever , but if you use coverse.com to buy your shoes prepair for the SLOWEST loading site you have ever experienced ! Many times I did n't buy shoes because of the speed of their site . I have really fast internet and their site is by far the slowest of any site I use . If you have the patients you ca n't beat the shoes -LRB- I always use the create your own -RRB- I have created some really unique shoes .
 These shoes were 20 $ cheaper than the sale price on the converse website . The shoes seem to be authentic . Shipping was fast .
 the shoes are great , they were in mint condition when i received them . i could n't be happier
 My fiance wanted some new converse shoes for his birthday , so I searched the internet for awhile trying to find the best deal , this was definitely it ! It was the best price paired with free shipping , and they came within a week , so that was great ! They 've also held up very well , and he loves them , so they get quite a bit of use !
 I ordered these for my 18 year old son . He LOVES them . Has a purple shirt that he wears with them - bought them about 10 months ago and he has worn them so much that they are almost worn out - that 's how much he likes them . I would buy him more , but he is going into the military soon . Love Lo Purple Chuck Norris Converse ! Thanks Amazon .
 I love my Converse . A Chuck Taylor is always stylish !! And they always look good with casual clothing .
 I am a 20-year-old female , and I was first introduced to Converse All-Star shoes in the 7th grade . Since I was a young child , I have always had trouble buying shoes due to the size of my feet . My feet are small length wise , but none of the shoes in my size are ever able to accomodate the width of my feet . I normally wear a size 7.5 in shoes , but I always have to go up to a 9 or 10 just to make up for this discrepency . Converse are the first shoes I found that are true to size , and I no longer have to go around with floppy clown feet . The shoes are unisex , comfortable for extended wear , and , though they get dirty very easily , a quick wash on the delicate setting in the washer will make them like new again . I have never had to `` break in '' a pair of these shoes like most new shoes require , so my Converse collection will likely continue to grow . I now own a pair in black , monochrome black , navy , pink , purple , and green . As soon as they wear out -LRB- which takes awhile -- I am currently wearing a black pair that I bought in 2005 and wear several times a week -RRB- , I will be sure to invest in more .
 I have been looking for a black pair of Chucks for a long time and I love these shoes !
 Hello , I knew this Converse on `` I Robot '' movie , I was looking for it on internet and finally I found and bought them here , I received it today , I 'm very happy with transaction , It has been clear and really quickly.Thanks and regards from Spain.PS
 THIS SHOES I AM USING TO MY WORK , MY HOUSE , TO GO TO UNIVRSITY AND TO ALL.I AM FROM DOMINICAN REPUBLIC AND I KNOW THAT CONVERSE HAS SUPPERED MY KNOWLEDGE ABOUT SHOES , I RECOMENDED YOU THAT BUY IT THIS BRAND BECAUSE IT THE BETTER AND IT IS BEATIFUL
 Fuer alle die auch ein bischen deutsch koennen.Der Service von dieser Firma ist schnell und perfect.Our next pair of Chucks we will get from this companie again
 Ive worn Converse Hi-tops for 26 years , since I was a 13 year old skater.I saw my heroes growing up wearing them also-The Ramones , Stray Cats , The Dead Boys , etc. & various skateboarders of the 80s & 90s . Theyve been around for decades , & the design hasnt changed much.They are the most comfortable shoe in my opinion , and the Hi-tops give great ankle support for whatever sport or slampit its put thru .
 I love the all black - so far they fit well . We will have to see how they wear in the long run but chucks are usually durable
 Just what you would expect if you owned a pair of these 10 , 20 , 30 years ago , except with a custom peace sign logo on the outside only.They do sure highlight however just how far shoe technology has come by comparison to a pair of ASICS running shoes - in terms of support , comfort etc. . They are 30 year old or more shoe technology.I hoped that logo would be on both sides but the inseam side of the shoe bears the traditional converse chuck taylor logo.Still , 5 stars from my view . They are what they are supposed to be .
 I got these shoes for my boyfriend , and there was absolutely NO other place that had these in his size !! I ordered them , and they came in WAY earlier than I expected ! Even earlier than the shipping expectancy ! Ill buy Chucks from here for now on !
 I got these shows and began to wear them right off to break them in . I have to say if you stand for a long period of time dont wear them . If you are weight lifting with them then they work great . They have no real arch support because they were originally made back in the day before they had arch support . But great shoes !!
 What can I say ? I 've had mine for about 4 years and still wear them . They are quality made and extremely comfortable . They go great with just about everything . They are kinda my go-to shoe when nothing else I have matches .
 The shoes arrived a bit earlier then they were supposed to which was nice . if you followed the chart for normal converse shoes then the size shouldnt be a problem . they are quite heavy but quite comfy . and the plastic is ... . interesting shall i say . id recommend them to people just not friends
 Came perfect without any problems , they were the size I ordered and everything was exactly how it was suppose to be . I bought them for my girlfriend and she loves them !
 EXCELLENT PRODUCT AND GOOD SERVICE PROVIDED BY YOUR TEAM , THEY ARE TRULY RELIABLE AND TIMELY I WILL RECOMMEND THIS PROVIDER AMONG MY FRIENDS .
 I was Larry Bird for halloween and what better way to complete the costume then with Green Chucks ! They were fantastic !
 These converse came just as I expected , since I wear converse I knew what to expect . I usually wear a 9.5 in women but go down half a size in these guys and they fit perfect -LRB- 7 in converse -RRB- . Good price too , cheaper than usual .
 These shoes were exactly what my son wanted for Christmas . He loves them . They run true to size and they are comfortable . He has a hard time keeping the tongue straight on the shoes . When he tightens the laces , it will stay in place .
 My teenager loves these Chuck Taylor 's and he is so happy that he received them for his Christmas present.He says they are very comfortable and they look good with his skinny jeans too!Also a great price too .
 These were a Christmas gift for my son in Kentucky . He is a photographer and does a lot of work with breast cancer survivors and did a photo project with the women before and after treatment . Always wears the pink sneakers so people will ask him why . His other pair was quite tatered so I was extremely happy to find a replacement .
 I knew what I was buying , it was an OK price and it arrived , new , clean and on time . Been wearing them for 50 years .
 My granddaughter asked for these at Christmas . She thinks they are awesome and ca n't wait to wear them to school in the new year .
 I bought these for my daughter and she loves them ! The sizing seems to run a bit big though . She normally wears a 7.5 - I got her a 7 and they fit perfectly . Shipping was quick and price was good .
 Bought as a replacement for kid brother . Item as describe ! Size is true and recommended for teens since shoe does not go out of style .
 These are my sons favorite shoes . He wears them with everything -LRB- including his tux -RRB- and they always make a statement
 The shoe itself is cute ! Very bright colorful ... and well pink . The only worry/complaint i have is that maybe its a bit too big ? Maybe the reviews i read after i bought the item scared me making me wish that i would have gone down a size . So instead of an 8 maybe a 7.5 would have been nice ? Well what can you do ... you cant shrink em and they are cute . Im sure i can work it all out ! The delivery estimate of the package was right on time . The seller was awesome ! So all in all its pretty good : P
 Thanks for the service , is very good!The product buy is of good quality , y arrived in the estimated time , I 'm very happy with the service ... Thanks ! and '' Happy New Year 2012 `` Sincerely ; Angel Clark.Puerto Ordaz , Venezuela .
 These shoes are what I was looking for . . but , they do run a little big . So be sure to get a size down from your regular size . I wear 10 1/2 But i could probably wear a 10 or even 9 in this shoe . . They are comfortable and you cant beat the price . . shipping was pretty face as well .
 Greetings , the purchase was made as effective as I have in my hands the product without any sort of trouble . Completely safe.Saludos , la compra fue efectuada de efectiva , ya tengo en mis manos el producto , sin ningun tipo de inconvenientes . Completamente seguro .
 Thank you for sending this fast and correct ! These are my daughter 's favorite shoes and when her old pair finally got holes in the soles she put these on her Birthday list . She unwrapped them and immediately they were on her feet !
 Hi , Can anyone tell me how to buy the item ? I can only select the size or the color , but never both , so I can not buy the item . And I do n't know how to contact the seller . Thank you !
 This is standard issue footwear for anyone who wants the `` look '' of indie rock -LRB- the others are t-shirts that look to be from a redneck bar circa 1978 but really came from a suburban Old Navy circa 2010 and those `` washed-out '' blue jeans that were purchased at the same Old Navy -RRB- . The shoes are grossly unfit for any athletic activity -LRB- I do n't know how the heck I survived playing street hockey in these things as a teenager -RRB- , provide no protection against the cold or stepping on sharp objects , begin to smell horribly after 9 + months of use and have a tendency to have the sole tear away from the rest of the shoe after those 9 months -LRB- if the smell has n't destroyed them yet -RRB- . But their coolness factor will never , ever be replicated by any footwear , past , present or future -LRB- the Roman sandal gave them a run for their money in the 1980s by the garage punk band Thee Mighty Caesars , but that 's another story -RRB- . Everyone should own a pair of these shoes at least once in their lifetimes .
 The Last time I wore a pair of these , my codename was Roadrunner , fastest boy in the universe ... lol.I bought these more for the nostalgiathan anything else.I have no complaints
 The shoes are very cool . And so is the price . Fast shipping also .
 It was here in no time , we appreciate the speedyness especially when your little daughter is expecting it , it came the day it was suppose to ... . maybe one day earlier . Thanks !
 We could not find these anywhere in the stores for under $ 60.00 . I was very happy with the price and the delivery was right on time . They were a gift and it was exactly what she wanted.Thanks , Theresa
 This was one of the smoothest deals I have ever dealt with , and I will do business again in the future . The service was great .
 Very cool shoes , decent price and a very quick shipper . what more could you ask for ?
 ordered for christmas for teen daughter , could n't find anywhere in stores , so thanks ! Appreciated the fast shipping too !
 Converse All-Stars are the all-American shoe , and the black monochrome goes with everything . Seriously ; I 've worn these to the opera .
 I really like these shoes . I use them for weightlifting/running . My only warning is that they run quite big . I had to order 1.5 sizes smaller than I usually do , but they work fine . My first pair got torn up a lot around the lace-holes , but I think that was because they were too big . My current pair has no problems so far .
 i have not to much to say , this product is nice and i like it to much
 These shoes are light and comfortable to walk around in all day . Thier sizing is a little confusing . These run about one size larger than most shoes . I recommend using extra or replacement insoles .
 I stand on my feet for 7 hours at a time in a professional job . This is my shoe w / a walking insole inside I work it out just fine and no one notices I have on sneaks ! I am on my fourth pair and looking for several replacements . Works great w / slacks or khaki pants . -LRB- make sure if you are getting them as an alternative to a ladies dress shoe get the all blk w / the all blk gumsole and all blk laces -RRB- Most dress shoes for ladies are very very uncomfortable even though they are fashionable and this one does both very well . The fact that I can machine wash makes them even more likeable .
 excellent converse all star . the product was well described and satisfied my needs . the shipment has been quick
 Chuck Taylors are just my style !! They look good with anything i wear , and are very comfortable . All you need are some black jeans with a white or black shirt and your good to go !!! My only problem is that people just ca n't seem to watch where they are going , so if I pat dirt out of it , it looks like the color fade 's in that area . But overall great shoe to wear !!! Watch your feet though .
 Ok , I 'm 47 - and a professional female - probably heading back to my 2nd childhood - um - if I ever left childhood completely in the first place?Anyway , I had n't had a pair of Converse Hi-Tops since I was around 12 years old . I had seen some of the more `` artsy '' ones , but could never find my size -LRB- average foot -RRB- when I was looking ... and I knew I would n't be able to wear them to work if they were `` artsy '' Converse - because they are , after all , athletic shoes.I decided to buy the completely black Hi-tops ... and they are great . They are comfortable , even on my 47 year old feet . I really like them a lot . Glad I bought them , and maybe I 'll even see about getting a pair of the Artsy ones ... or maybe a pair in pink ??? Hope you 'll enjoy yours , when you get them .
 I purchased these for my grandson for Christmas - They arrived in plenty of time and were exactly what I ordered . It was all he asked for and he was totally excited when he opened them . He put them on immediately and just kept telling me how much he loved his shoes .
 I have been wearing these shoes for most of my life . They are n't $ 15 . anymore , but they are still worth the money . They are very flat , so do n't forget to get some insoles with arches for them ! You may want to add 1/2 a shoe size for this .
 I absolutely love my red Chucks . They are a timeless look that can be worn with your favorite jeans , tailored slacks , or a mini . And at such a great price , a better buy than the more modern sneakers in the same category . The shoes do run big , so be sure to the follow the suggestion of ordering two sizes smaller than your normal shoe size . I recieved my order from Eastbay within 3 days of purchase .
 No , I am not out on a cross country `` Walk for Peace '' but when I wear these shoes every step I take promotes World Peace . I have a red pair of peace shoes and I bought my mom a pair of pink ones . We love wearing them out together - we are a Mother/Daughter team making a double statement ! Also , we get many comments - whether together or alone . People just love them ! I wish I had these Peace shoes in 3 or 4 other colors .
 No complaints for this gift . They get worn a lot and so need to be replaced occasionally .
 Exactly what I needed , exactly when I needed it . I was in a group who all needed to get the converse hightops , and a few in the group had made online purchases and had problems . I went through Amazon , and had no problems whatsoever . Great information from the vendor .
 I was introduced to Converse All-Star 's -LRB- Chuck 's -RRB- two years ago and they are the best shoes I have ever owned . Before I knew about Chuck 's , I would have multiple pairs of sneakers for different activities , now I have one ! They have excellent foot support all the way up the ankle , the only downside is that the soles have no arch and if you are not already flat footed , they will probably make you that way . They are great shoes !
 I am a teacher and at Christmas time each year I ask for a student 's name of whom the counselors or home health nurses know is not going to havea Christmas because of family finances and/or struggles . Well , this year I was given the name of a student I had in my own class and whom I had already had sucha great connection and loved this kid . To find out they were not going to have a Christmas broke my heart !! Anyway , through some other sources , I was able to find out what this student wanted more than anything , if they could ask for just even one gift for Christmas . The student said they would love to have some REAL Chuck Taylor blue high-tops !! The fake ones they had saved money to buy at a local `` discount '' store fell apart so fast and they felt they had wasted their money.So ... I ordered these for that student and had them given anonymously . Let me tell you ... when that student entered my classroom the very morning after the y received these surprise gifted shoes ... that kid was so excited to show me , so happy in general , so excited to see everyone and openly socialize with head held high . Wow ... what great things these shoes did for this student in far more ways thanjust keep their feet dry My heart was fulfilled and this student will forever remember these shoes , I am certain !!
 very good purchase for my daughter , she had a pair before and she would n't take them off unless she went to sleep so they worn out in almost 3 years , so i got this new pair for her for xmas , i 'm sure she 's gon na love them.perfect sizing and quality .
 These were a favorite of mine growing up . The quality seems a tad better these days than when I was growing up . They 're not as comfortable asjogging or walking shoes , but there is a certain casual nostalgia when wearing them . These are not uncomfortable shoes mind you . If youare accustomed to High tech arch support and cushioned soles , these are not the shoes for you . But if you are looking for a basic shoe for youreveryday wear & tear , that have the nostalgic look of the late 50 's -60 's , look no further .
 I am on my third pair of converse , and I LOVE it to bits . They 're reliable -LRB- My first pair lasted 2 years , i was reluctant to buy another since it broke in -RRB- , last forever -LRB- you know , 2 years is a lot considering the other cheap China made crappy shoes -RRB- , and when you break them in , they 're heaven to your feet . One thing though , if you are going to use it for exercising , bad idea . Some Dr.Scholl 's slip-ins might make it more bearable . Overall , comfort 8/10 and style 10/10 . Customizable 10/10 . Great buy !
 Mono-Black Chucks are amazing utility shoes . I wear mine when : * working -LRB- with tie -RRB- * sledding * partying * hiking * gardening * attending black tie formal events -LRB- yes really -RRB- Ironically , the thing Chucks are bad for is the shoe 's original intended purpose
 These shoes are great for the price . They are light and they let your feet breathe easily . Only con is there is no arch support so after wearing the for a while my feet hurt badly .
 These shoes are great , they can be worn down with jeans and a tee or worn with nice dress clothes.I 'm getting the ones in pink.Get these shoes if considering.Very comfy also -LSB- Holla Back -RSB-
 Thank Heavens for those dear sweet chaps at Converse who years and years ago crafted this high-performance , foot-contouring , ankle hugging canvas shoe . Also available in the more contemporary leather versions , Converse All-Star Chuck Taylors ' are the most brilliant shoes known to -LRB- wo -RRB- man ... I 'm on stage a lot , so jumping around in these baby 's is a cinche - and when considering other stylish options -LRB- heels , clogs , cross trainers without the well needed ventalation that my feet so honestly deserve ? -RRB- , I 'm afraid that no one even seems to come close to Chuck 's humble design . I own a low cut pair in Orange Popsicle , two high cut pairs in Pink and Black and am in the processes of purchasing a pair of black leather boot-cut chuck taylors ... honestly , not any other shoes could provide as much daily wear and tear as these Chuck Taylors !! And , as an added bonus , they can be worn casually or dressed up with some tailored pants or flashy jeans for a night-time look ... I can not emphasise enough my dedication to these shoes - buy a pair , people , these old faithful 's will not let you down . I LOVE UNISEX SHOES !
 After being associated with the 50 's hipster and the 70 's hippie , the 80 's punk and now the millennium prepster these shoes have made the journey across time and generation . Made with a canvas material and a rubber soul these shoes stand the test of time and once thier broken in will quickly become your favorite pair of shoes . No matter the winter or the summer you 'll find yourself pulling these out of the closet to pair with your jeans or your skirt . And owning one pair is never enough . A pair in every color low and high is definitly required for the true converse wearer . Buy your first pair today to emmerse yourself in a true piece of history and the future
 The shoes ordered on this web site are satisfactory . Thanks for sending the order promptly and in perfect condition .
 The shoes are great , and the shipping time was reasonable , as was the price . A warning
 It 's the first time when I bought this type of shoe , but I 'm telling you , I love it ; comfortable , cool , nice , I ca n't take eyes off them ; Yes I 'm talking about `` CONVERSE '' by Chuck Taylor , baby .
 I have every color known to man , and am always looking for more . I teach , so I am on my feet all day ; I 'm comfy and happy in my Converse All Stars ! I must say that in my old age -LRB- 40 -RRB- I prefer the lo tops over the hi tops .
 Converse 's are classic . they are the shoes people are always going to wear . i like the high tops better though
 This was a very good deal and was a fast delivery . I highly recommend this seller to all .
 It is nice to slip in to a new shoe and get the feel of a firm but comfortable fit . Lots of value here for the money.In my size they look like navy gunboats ... and I love them !
 I was so happy with this purchase . I purchased this just days before Christmas . These came on time and were exactly what I wanted . Thanks for the great service .
 I 've never seen such a great selection of Chuck Taylor High Tops . I think this is my 5th pair . They have such great designs , nothing you would ever find in a department store . The shipping is always fast and my order has always been correct . I highly recommend this vendor !
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000FAI9X0 Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top red high top tennis shoes.They were just what the kid wanted , and they fit . He has been wearing them daily . Great!Vazel
 Love these converse shoes.They are a great shade of red , have already got a lot of comments on them.Thanks Chuck !
 We have found that by shopping on Amazon we are able to obtain all manner of items that we would not be able to purchase normally . My husband is 6 ' 6 '' tall and is a big man with big feet as you would expect . He wanted to buy these particular shoes as they were something that he had worn in his childhood and loved so much . We were not able to buy these in Australia without actually having them especially made . Phil 's foot size is normally 14 wide , so we opted for the size 15 US . Absolutely perfect and for a very reasonable price.We are very happy and even though some items are way out of our purchase league due to the varying shipping costs , we are still very fortunate to have discovered Amazon .
 These all black Chuck 's are my favorite All Star model ! It is no small task to find them at a regular retail store-most often your best bet is to buy online . They shipped in a timely fashion . Great Kicks , good deal .
 We bought the Chuck Taylor high tops for our 14 year old daughter for Christmas . The mall had the same produce for $ 85.00 ! We cut our cost almost in half , and she was THRILLED with the gift ! Great service . Great product . Great results . Her response ? `` Now I need to go get them dirty ! ''
 I enjoy my purple chucks a lot . I get lots of comments on them when I where them . It is fun to see peoples reactions .
 This was the second time we ordered Pink Converse Shoes for my daughter , the first time I did n't get the size right . I returned them to `` Shoes R Us '' I think it was called and they took care of my mistake very quickly . Unfortunately they did n't have the size I needed so I ordered a replacement pair from Last Pairs . They came quickly , fit perfectly and were reasonably priced , the same as our local mall , without the hassle ! Very good experience overall , would recommend .
 Lord , could Converse have got it any more right ? One thinks not . The Converse All Star Chuck Taylor canvas shoes are everything one could need from a shoe and more . They are stylish , available in colours that vary from orange to pink , the more comtemporary leather versions , low cut and high cut . These baby 's contour the foot so well , it 's almost like walking on air ! The canvas hugs the ankles , providing support ... but the most important features of the shoes are that they are unisex -LRB- they look great on guys and girls -RRB- and they can be dressed down with jeans , or elegantly dressed up with a pair of tailored pants . These shoes are definitely to die for .
 Awesome !! Around for years , with no reason to change !!
 the shoes were awesome quality , shipped very quickly , but i guess that style runs big , i usually wear an 11 , ordered that . they were huge , had to send them back .
 I have been wanting these shoes for some time now but when I would go to buy them , they didnt carry my size . People would just tell me that chucks didnt come in half sizes and would want me to by a size that didnt fit me . I knew better went online and got them cheaper and with free shipping . I love the internet
 I bought these for my nephew 's birthday and they were exactly what he wanted . They arrived in the right amount of time and in perfect condition . Would recommend this seller to anyone .
 A great shoe with a classic look . These are nicer for wet days than the canvas and are lasting longer . They look great & are well made .
 These look so nice . I was trying to imagine them in leather when I ordered them for DH 's Christmas present . He wears them all the time and they still look new . He reports they are very comfortable . Loves 'em ! PS I 'm not a kid , just did n't want my name all over the net .
 An old school shoe , with style . How did our feet survive these things ? Oh , that 's right , they did n't .
 I 've been wearing the black , classic low converse for several years now and it came that time I needed a replacement pair . Beals Florida shipped it faster than the other items I had ordered from Amazon that same day . Was definitely worth it for the price , and of course the shoes are one of life 's little necessities for some of us .
 EXCELLENT BUY . I 'M ENJOYING MY SHOES AND I 'M FEELING LIKE WILL SMITH , JE JEEEEE . I RECEIVED MY SHOES IN THE OFFICIAL CONVERSE BOX . THEY ARE ORIGINAL AND TOTALLY NEW .
 the chucks , of course their cool , comfy and fun . I love the color , have n't seen anyone else walking the street with these yet ! My only complaint is that they are a little to big . I usually wear a size 8 and would be pushing it to be in a 7.5 . I want these for comfort so I ordered an 8 . Too long . Looks a little goofy . Order a size smaller than you usually would or they will likely be too long .
 What can I say ? These shoes are insanely comfortable and go with everything . The more worn they get the better they look .
 After being associated with the 50 's hipster and the 70 's hippie , the 80 's punk and now the millennium prepster these shoes have made the journey across time and generation . Made with a canvas material and a rubber soul these shoes stand the test of time and once thier broken in will quickly become your favorite pair of shoes . No matter the winter or the summer you 'll find yourself pulling these out of the closet to pair with your jeans or your skirt . And owning one pair is never enough . A pair in every color low and high is definitly required for the true converse wearer . Buy your first pair today to emmerse yourself in a true piece of history and the future
 I 'm a huge sneaker freak and have to say these shoes are some of my favorites . Comfortable and stylish they look great with my 511 skinny leg jeans . I will always keep a pair of these in my collection .
 Lots of people complain about the forty dollar price for Converse Chuck Taylor shoes but BELIEVE me they are worth it ! I have been wearing the same two pairs of black hi-tops and blue hi-tops since March of 2002 and while they are `` broken in '' they only look better with age and the comfort level is very high.When I bought these shoes in 2002 they were the first `` Asian Converse '' I had owned and I feared that they would n't hold up as long as the Made in USA Chuck Taylors that I had grown up wearing ... that fear was in vain because they have lasted as long as I could have hoped for . I also have a pair of white low-tops made in the 1990 's before production left the USA that I wear on a regular basis and a pair of Converse One Star Low-Tops from the same era which show no signs of wearing out.During the `` Converse will stop production Scare '' before Nike bought the brand I went and bought six new pairs of converse and four of these are still unworn in the box so at age 40 I very possibly have enough Converse to last the rest of my life if the service I have gotten from these black and blue Hi-Tops is any indication : -RRB-
 My grandson loved them , he has a hard time to find shoes , because of his foot size -LRB- 14 -RRB- , so he was glad when I found them.The price on these are very reasonable & fast delivery .
 Great product ! I bought them for my power lifing training and they are great so far !
 I have these shoes in brown . I have been complimented several times on these shoes , and they match everything . I do n't dress for comfort , but these are pretty comfortable . The only problem is that they look old quickly .
 I used to have a pair of Chuck Taylor 's as a kid -LRB- and that was a while ago -RRB- as great cheap knock around shoes . Price has gone up a fair bit , but these monochrome shoes look great ; classic styling , updated a bit.One small caveat ; these shoes have little internal padding and have a lot more room inside than normal software in the same size . The retailer I purchased from mentioned they are about a 1/2 size larger than other shoes .
 I love my converse . WHo needs Nike or any of the rest when you have something as light weight and comfortable as converse Chuck Taylor . You can not go wrong with this shoe . They last and last .
 I got mine from a Converse store in a mall near St Louis for $ 20 . I 've had them for 2 and a half years and have worn them everywhere . I ran a 10 minute Mile and a half in them twice for my Air Force PT Test . I 've worn them in Iraq , Kuwait , Arizona , Florida , Washington . they are a part of me . Truly an epic shoe . They 're also a great driving shoe , with a nice rolled heel after some wear , and great pedal feel . Would recommend them to anyone looking for a nice all around , everyday shoe .
 awesome love them as always !! Just a reminder ... get converse two sizes smaller than you usually would :-RRB- ex if your size 9 , get size 7
 What 's not to like about these things . They 're comfortable , simple , and just look good . They can truly be worn by everyone , kids , adults , men , and women . They have been in style for as long as I can remember and I do n't see them going out any time soon . When I go out , I 'm either wearing these or my crocs . My only problem is that I wear them so much that I seem to go through them pretty fast . The good thing is that unlike most other shoes , these still look pretty good all beat up , so I typically wear them till they fall off my feet . Bottom line , you ca n't go wrong with chucks .
 Compr&eacute; un par de estos zapatos hace un mes y estan muy cheveres , fue un regalo para mi esposa y le gustan mucho .
 My neice 's them !! They were her favorite color.Very stylish and comfortable!Would recommend to anybody that likes this style of shoe .
 Very nice shoes , true to size and nice colour . I got a lot of compliments for them . I strongly recommend them to young people .
 Exactly the same as what I was expecting . Size and color was perfect . It is nice to wear with skinny jeans .
 great sneakers ! look great and fit perfectly . can wear with anything!the best for skydiving : -RRB- will definitely buy again , maybe different colors.thank you .
 Buen producto , por el precio excelente , envi&oacute; oportuno , en empaque adecuado , recomendable !! Buen producto , por el precio excelente , envi&oacute; oportuno , en empaque adecuado , recomendable !!
 buy these shoes because they were very comfortable lei really are beautiful but sometimes I use are cute very pleased with this purchase .
 I have wore these since I was a kid , but now sadly these are hard to find . If you are looking for both quality and a product made in the states then these are the shoes for you . The nice thing is that Chucks come in a variety of colors so you can get different ones if you want to have a certain look .
 Could n't find this particular color/design combo in stores , so was very happy to find it here at a great price!Converse shoes run a bit big , so make sure you order a good half to one size smaller than you would wear
 This shoes came in and i feel in love with them , they are in great condition . Just what i wanted and expected ! the color is great . They came in the box and they looked stunning . I totally recommend them !
 This review is very deserving of 5 stars . My boyfriend needed a new pair of chucks for work that matched his uniform ... we do n't wear many other types of shoes . . Love chuck taylors ! 5 stars for fast shipping , and low price . Thanks !
 Chucks are always awesome and this one came in an awesome condition ! My only qualm about this line of converse is that it provides no support as do most converse .
 this product is ok , i recomended , the service is fast , all rigth , the price is the exact . very very good
 Just came back from shootin ' hoops with my new Chuck Taylor Hi Tops . Been wearing them since '64 - as good now as they were then !
 Paid prioty post for this as had no choice . It cost $ 50 . Double the price of the shoes . The shoes above I paid for the slower postage . It cost $ 19 for the three pairs . Was told they would arrive in about 3 weeks . The boots in 3 to 4 days . The boots arrived as said and three other pairs arrived the very Next Day !!!!! Felt totally ripped off in regards to the boots !!!!! '
 Do n't know how many pairs ive owned over the years but I keep buying more . Comfy , stylish and cool to boot . I 'd give a 5 but i wish they werent as expensive ...
 I have worn chucks for several years now and have always been pleased with the shoe , but this was my first purchase from the seller and I am very pleased with the service and quick shipment of the order ...
 Love the shoe . . comfy and cool . . but . . no so happy with the color . . if I bought again , I 'd chose a different color . . but to each their own I guess
 I Loved The Right From The Start.I Bought Them In White Color And They Are Beautiful.I 'm Planning To Buy More In The Near Future .
 I brought this for a gift to my brother and he 's very happy , his really a good shoes !!!
 Great price and delivery for Chuck Taylors . Very happy and so was my daughter !
 This pair of converse was just what I expected ; they were one my son 's Christmas presents . The colors available were more varied than those I 'd seen in local stores and the price was better . This item arrived sooner than promised , too . Needless to say , my son was pleased .
 These Chucks are top of the line , very comfortable , still rocking my cons five years strong , the great thing is you can walk in these cons all day with no discomfort or pain . GET THEM !
 My son loves Chuck Taylor Converse All Stars , and these are so durable ! He wanted the high tops this time , so I got these for him . He loves them , and they came so quickly even though it was during Christmas season rush .
 They came in a timely manner , in the little Converse box . They 're just as the should be
 Gifted in the gludious ? To the Maximus ? These fit great ! Especially in the feet . I use them to hunt all winter and fish the spring here in Alaska . It can get cold here , and with an extra pair of good fleece pants they work great . They do leak over time . . a year . But nothing a bit of aqua seal ca n't fix .
 these waders do just what they are subpose to do ... keep you DRY and warm , we hunt fossils in the peace river , and stay in the water for 6 or more hours . Lots of stooping and bending , they stay in place and are comfortable . Could not be happier with my Hodgman waders !
 GREAT SHOES ! BRAND NEW , RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX ! I LOVE THEM !
 These shoes are very well made . As you expect stride rite to make them . They are adorable and fit super .
 Great price at Amazon and deliver was fast enough . I do n't think this is waterproof like it say in the description . Comfortable to wear and fit fine right out of the box .
 GREAT SHOES ! BRAND NEW , RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX ! I LOVE THEM !
 Great shoes with a very soft heel . Had to order 1 size smaller than usual - size runs big . Received many complements on these .
 I love this shoe . It 's great for walking . I traded in my old worn out reeboks for this walking shoe when I started getting shin splints . Awwwww . My feet and legs are so happy . It 's like walking on air .
 I first purchased these shoes quite some time ago and I am sorry that I did not purchase a second pair while they were still available . The shoe is one of the most comfortable pair of shoes that I have ever had . There was no break in period they were comfortable right from the start . I have troubled feet and I also have had many surgeries on my left foot but I can wear these shoes all day long without a problem ! They were expensive but they were worth every penny and more . Now I am looking for styles from New Balance that are very similar to these ! The shoes run about 1/2 size smaller so purchase the next size up to give yourself enough room for orthotics and thicker socks .
 I have worn many clark shoes and there very comfortable , however this shoe becomes uncomfortable after wearing it for a long period of time because of the majority of your weight is on the front part of your foot .
 I have these in white and I love them ! I 've been wearing them everyday . They are so comfortable and I get lots of compliments on them . These are my first pair of Clarks so I do n't know about how the sizes normally run . I usually end up buying a size 10 shoe , but say I am really a 9.5 wide -LRB- when I can find that size -RRB- . These are a 9.5 wide and fit great . The only negative thing about these shoes is that the first few days I wore them , they pinched the top of my foot between the two pieces of leather . Some other reviewers complained about their heels rolling off the inside of these . I frequently have that problem , but not with these shoes at all , go figure . I would recommend these shoes . I just love mine .
 This is the pair I wore all night at my party !!! These shoes are great , and thank god they had my size , I am a six footer and need the hott shoes in a big size !!! I CAN do without all the stripper shoes that came up , when I pull up the search on my size !!!! Thanks again
 These shoes are wonderful !! They are cute and comfortable . It is not always easy for me to find shoes with both . I am pleased with the quality of these shoes . I love shoes and I am called a shoe snob , because any ole shoe will not satisfy me . So for me to really like these shoes and give them a five star says a lot .
 So cute & so comfortable -- what more could you ask for in a pair of shoes !
 I love these shoes . They are a perfect balance of comfort and attractiveness . My best friend bought both the black & brown at Nordstrom -LRB- $ 98 -RRB- but when I went they were sold out of the brown , which is the one I really wanted . I was so sad . But , I found them on Amazon ~ and for about $ 35 less ! When I wore them a couple times -LRB- always getting compliments -RRB- I decided I wanted the black , too . I love both pairs , but the brown especially because I have such a hard time finding shoes in a good , deep brown . If I was forced to pare down my shoe collection , these would DEFINITELY be on top of the list of my `` keepers '' . Thank goodness I do n't have to make that decision ...
 Initially these shoes did n't feel as comfortable as I expected but I attributed that to the newness of the shoe ... and I was right ! They are now feeling wonderful and I love them , plus they 're attractive to look at . Thumbs up !
 I wore this stylish shoe all night to a wedding . It did not bother me -LRB- i.e. slip off my heel , create blisters -RRB- walking around or dancing . The color dark grey went very well with my yellow dress . I highly recommend this shoe and plan to buy it in at least one other color .
 These shoes are really comfortable and super chic . I bought them because I was a bridesmaid in a wedding and they were great as I had to stand during the entire ceremony . The only drawback is that after a while , the strap does not stay up . I think they run a little big so this may explain why . I would recommend buying a half size smaller than your real size and I think that will do the trick .
 These are too fabulous ! The only thing I would recommend is that you size up a half size . I normally wear a 7.5 in ~ 85 % of my shoes , unless the brand is known to run small . All my NineWest shoes , with the exception of this one , are all 7.5 . This particular one though , I had to size up to an 8 for the perfect fit . I like to add a ball-of-foot pad as well for additional comfort and the size 8 allowed me to do this without taking up extra foot/toe room .
 I purchased this shoe to wear for my wedding . It is exactly what I was looking for - a high-heeled sandal that I could wear again . It looks great with jeans or a dress.My shoe size varies between 9.5 and 10 so I ordered the smaller size first and found it to be too tight around the toe area . The 10 is a much better fit , but the strap around the heel is a bit loose because it is not adjustable . If the strap was adjustable , I would give this shoe 5 stars.I personally am very comfortable in high-heels , but I would not recommend this shoe for someone that is n't because the heel is very slender .
 These shoe are gorgeous ! I got them in blue and I simply love them in that color ; dress 'em up or dress 'em down , they just work . CAUTION
 I get a multitude of compliments when I wear these shoes and they are a nice addition to my wardrobe . They get a bit uncomfortable as the day goes on , the straps that go around the foot cut into my feet but it is not unbearable . I am on my feet for over 8 hours a day and most shoes wear into the `` uncomfortable '' zone at some point . As I wear the shoes the discomfort is less noticeable .
 Very nice of the Sandals recognized brand Nine West , and very chick very fashionable , fine finish . Idelaes for a cocktail party or gala type . .
 GREAT SHOES ! BRAND NEW , RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX ! I LOVE THEM !
 I have wanted these shoes for a very long time and finally got the guts to buy them . When I first put them on the bottom was VERY slippery . They have no traction at all . But after you wear them for a little while they kinda get some traction . They fit true to size . After wearing them for a few hours my toes felt a little scrunched but they 're so amazing looking that you ca n't not wear them . By far my favorite shoe I own .
 After the break in period -LRB- 1st week of use -RRB- , these boots are super comfortable . I been wearing these boots for about a month now and I love them .
 Son perfectas las recomiendo a todas esas personas que busquen calidad , comodidad , buen precio , listas para airsoft !
 These boots do exactly what I purchased them for , great ankle support . The price is excellent too . Very comfortable and supportive . Great traction too , took them hiking on Thanksgiving day out in the boonies of what the locals here in Western Colorado call the &#34; adobes &#34; , in rocky canyons and never lost my footing once . Thanks .
 These boots are great !! they are very lightweight compared to my other boots and much more comfortable . They have outstanding grip in all situations from rock climbing to hiking . The zipper side on these is very well made and makes taking the boots off and putting them on a snap . Great product with very good build quality . I am in the military and i defenitely reccommend these .
 I have n't owned a combat-like boot since the air force . These are much better than any government issued boot I owned in the past . These ATAC boots appear well made and fit extremely well . I have had them for about three weeks and have worn them maybe 10 times . It took three or four wearings to get the folds broken in correctly and then they became really comfortable.The side zip is very handy , but I try to squeeze them tight before just pulling up the zipper to take the strain off . The zipper looks like the weak link in the system for the long term . The sole may not last forever as I have already noticed a couple of nicks in the bottom and I have n't really abused them much yet.Normally I am square between 10.5 and 11 in foot size . I got the 10.5 , but probably should have gotten the 11 . I did n't exchange them , but if I planned on very long hikes or marches , I would have . These 'll be motorcycle and work boots without miles-long walking.I would recommend them as they appear to be a good value for the price and are very comfortable.Update
 I am a new EMS Volunteer in EMT school -LRB- and an Army Veteran -RRB- and I know my boots . I am accustomed to comfortable boots that do n't need a good amount of break-in time . These are GREAT boots in that department and do n't require much break-in time at all . These are created in such a way that they are stiff -LRB- with a nylon shank -RRB- and a supported toe and ankle . One of the best features on this boot is it 's ability to handle the stress points on the back of the ankle when bending and on the ankle/top of the foot when flexing . These are usually areas that require break-in and softening but the 5.11 ATAC design has accounted for these two stress points . A small feature that makes a great difference in comfort.The top of the ankle is well padded and the boot is light and well made . There is a hidden side pocket on each boot . Perhaps a good place for a little money or a key . I am unsure what I would keep in there.For the price , these boots ca n't be beat . Having worn Corcoran jump boots back in the 80 's along with combat issue boots , I am accustomed to a well-fitting boot . While these are not a boot built for combat they definitely fit EMS duties well . I saw them worn by people in our agency consistently and decided I would go with the same brand and type . I am finding that 5.11 makes fantastic products and I intend to use them during my volunteer career . For under $ 100 -LRB- and some vendors selling them in the $ 65 range -RRB- , you can not beat this price to build and quality ratio.Loving them right out of the box !
 Ordered these boots for my fiance , he turns 26 in a few days . He had a hard time finding a pair of boots he wanted , he is a firefighter and also drives the ambulance on squad nights . He takes the use of his boots a little farther though because his day job is a security guard . His boots get twice as much work as the normal pair , and they fall apart quickly . A friend recommended 5.11 . This was the cheapest place we found them ! They took a while to arrive , I do believe it was the weight of the package . They WERE delivered before the expected date . Thanks ! Great pair of boots for a great price , we will be ordering again .
 I have had these boots for about 4 months now and have been real rough on them from the start . they were a little uncomfortable while breaking them in but now they fit like a glove . I have green superfeet insoles for more arch support and could n't ask for more . The leather is pretty scratched up on the outside but they clean up nice . I walked all through germany and italy in them and while my feet hurt like hell , it was n't due to the boots -LRB- too much walking and standing for someone like me -RRB- . I work in a mechanics shop and its taken the continual fluid spills and corrosive chemicals that I encounter every day . My girlfriend accidentally ran over them today and aside from a broken pull tab on one side they were ok . these boots have surpassed the two other pairs of doc martens I own and I expect another year or so out of them . I definitely recommend these boots to anyone looking at them . .
 I love the side zipper . You can painstakingly adjust the laces to precisely the fit you want and then just use the zipper from then on . It is so much faster and easier than lacing every time . I also love the concealed side pockets.The boots breath well , have good traction in most conditions short of ice and are holding up well . I have managed to wear the cloth in the heel pocket out but that happens to all of my foot wear except my alpine ski boots . The boots are comfortable with a good toe chamber . The fit is not as tight as a pair of backpacking boots can be , but it 's pretty close . Just a little play latterly . Plenty good for all day walking on uneven terrain.Good value , good quality and some nice design features I have not found an any other boots .
 I am on my third pair of these boots for everyday use . They fit well and are of high quality -LRB- but wish they were made in the USA -RRB- . Still great quality and very comfortable . I will probably buy these boots as long as they are available . They last for a while and do n't fall apart -LRB- I have had my share of crappy boots -RRB- Highly recommended !
 Bought these primarily to wear to the shooting range . They are warm and comfortable and for an old overweight geezer like me the side zippers are a Godsend . I replaced the innersoles with some that give more support for my plantar fasciitis , but that is in no way a criticism of the innersoles that come with the boot . I wanted both waterproof and side zip but finding both together in one boot puts you into a much more expensive boot . For the money you ca n't beat these . Great value .
 5.11 is a good brand and I could n't pass up the price . Normally I 'm size 10 1/2 in tennis shoes so I ordered 10 1/2 for these boots . Turns out I probably should have ordered size 11 because they are a bit snug but not bad enough to return . I 'm still very happy with these .
 I owned a pair of Tac Boots a few years ago in the Army ; by the time I got rid of them , they were a couple weeks from breaking some of my toes . Needless to say , I was hesitant about getting another pair . However , these have exceeded my hopes.They take a little work to break in , but it is n't as bad as you might expect . Took less than a week to break them in well enough to be very comfortable.Less than 3 days after receiving these boots , I found myself doing backwoods trail maintenance on narrow , muddy trails during thunderstorms . As other workers slipped and nearly fell off the cliffs , I was able to keep a tight grip on the trail thanks to the solid tread.Today , I spent a few hours hiking part of the A.T.in TN/NC , then went to work at a rock wall for a few more hours ; I 've also been biking and walking around town . Essentially , I 've been on my feet for about 12 hours . My feet are only a little sore at this point.The hidden pockets are n't much to marvel at . Not a lot of space . I just use mine to attach the clip for my boot knife.The side-zip feature is very useful for quick on/off , but overuse of said feature will quickly wear out the velcro cover.Boots are easy to clean , waterproof and lace.Put simply , believe the product description . These are great boots for an even better price . I would usually expect boots of this quality to cost at least $ 175 . No serious complaints here .
 Super comfy and light . I like the zipper sides , easy to put on and take off.Always been a fan of 5.11 products because of the quality . Shipping was fast .
 I am a nurse for critical care transport and needed steel-toed boots . When I was a volunteer with a busy EMS agency I had tried two other brands of steel-toe boots that were very uncomfortable , I 'd come to believe it was just the price you pay for protected toes . When I tried these on I felt like I could jump up or down or run . They do n't rub on my ankles or at the toes . I 'm wearing them now and I 'm not at work ! They feel as comfortable as running shoes . We were out in the freezing rain/ice last night and they gripped the pavement well . The stretcher fell on my toe and it did n't hurt . I feel like I am better able to do my job , and my feet are much happier , in these boots ! The online downside-the side zipper does not open very wide , I still have to unlace the boot to take them off . But overall I am extremely happy and would make this purchase again .
 These boots are very comfortable ! I highly recommend these boots ! Love the tactical pocket it on them for a knife or whatever you to put in there . Easy to get on and off ! Ca n't wait to take them on some rugged trails !
 These boot are great for my work . They are very light , needed very little time to get them to fit and conform to my feet . Just like other reviews , they are like wearing running shoes . And these do get my feet hot . Very comfortable and stylish . I have received several compliments in the two weeks I have them.Great price and value . Plus they do carry 5.11 Tactical 's lifetime warranty .
 5.11 seems to me to be the best boot company.Great boots at a economical price . Also Amazon was ultra fast in the delivery , good job to themRight out of the box these boots were comfortable and required little break in time , like 2 days worth . That being said now in the North Ear we are getting bad weather lots of snow and cold . I decided to try em out for a five mile hike to see how they would perform in snow.The tread held up and never did I slip or even question the tread in the boots . My feet felt insulated while they stayed dry . However the suede did soak through.However the desert boots held up waterproof for most of a 5 mile hike through six inch snowfall.The tread is not quick wear flat stuff like other boots . Though I think of the 5.11 ATAC boots as the best boots I ever owned , to be fair the flap that runs underneath the zipper could be made of more firmer leather . it folds up underneath when zipped : -RRB-
 These boots are very appealing and comfortable to wear . They are also very reasonably priced . Would recommend to my friends .
 5.11 is good quality . And I was really impressed with the price . I think we have paid more than this for the very same boot .
 heavy duty durable boots , love the way they handle on my bike and there not rely heavy in wight , and seriously they look good
 I highly recommend this boot . I have never really cared for 5.11 boots , until I bought this boot . Well made and fits like a glove .
 I was a little leary at first ordering boots from Amazon . No test fit , no feeling the material . I have owned a lot of boots from a lot of different companies . I will refrain from bashing anyones so lets just say I have tried all the top brands . Over the years I have had different degrees of success with boots . Some I have worn out and some I try one day and then off to salvation army . Now that I am older -LRB- 50 almost -RRB- finding comfortable boots is getting harder . Overall fit and finish out of the box on these was perfect . I tried them on and they fit comfortable were soft and easy to f ; ex . I am very happy and these will be worn out before I toss them . I am so happy I am ordering another pair in black for a backup . Fit trim quality are excellent . . Thanks
 I use these boots for law enforcement training and they hold up very well . They have great support and feel lightweight , almost like running shoes . The added side-zipper is a nice feature and the side pocket is great for holding an extra handcuff key or even extra cash . I 've had these boots for a couple weeks now and they 've been a good investment !
 These are some very comfortable boots . I am a hot natured person and these boots are cool . I love the zipper on the side . It makes getting the boots off and on easy .
 So I bought these boots for at work . A lot of my co-workers get the shoes that are `` recommended '' by the company because they are `` non-slip '' . What they do n't tell you is how insufferably uncomfortable their shoes are . So many of the people I work with change their shoes before and after their shift because of this.Not me.I put these boots on before I leave for work , and take them off -LRB- sometimes begrudgingly -RRB- when I get home . These are definitely a comfortable boot , and I have worn combat boots for the last 14 years . The Army -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- would never pull their heads out of their fourth points of contact long enough to authorize these boots for use in garrison . So as a soldier , I was constantly buying different boots that were authorized for use in an attempt to find that perfect balance of comfort and functionality.Now that I am out of the Army , I can broaden my scope . And I tell you , these boots are great ! If they were n't my work boots , I would wear them all the time . I will be buying a second pair in the future for my personal use.Living in Montana means you have to be ready for anything . You could be walking down the street one minute , and the next find yourself helping a friend do something -LRB- or just playing -RRB- up in the mountains . Having a boot that not only looks good , but give your that kind of versatility is awesome . Not to mention the comfort!I will know more about their durability as time goes on . But 5.11 Tactical always impressed me in the past . We will see how they hold up .
 Just received the boots . Will post on wear after a few months use . Quality made boot -- usually wear a 12 in boots ordered a 13 in these and they are a perfect fit .
 They are so comfy ! feeeeeels so good . nice and light ! love them ! i would recommend them to anyone and for much cheaper than retail!always compare prices here with retail before you buy , sometimes its cheaper here sometimes its not . retail for these is about 119.00 so even at 80-90 bucks its a great buy .
 Purchased for my son whom is in a criminology course , they require boots that can be shined and were comfortable enough to wear for P.T. drills.He has run Cross Country for 4 years and has a pretty good grasp of what a shoe should feel like and what will work for the situation . He claims the boot to be very comfortable and compares them to wearing gym shoes .
 The company was more than diligent with me receiving these fine pair of boots . I was in the military and Viet Nam , wish we would have had these then . Now we do and I really feel I have made an excellent investment . .
 This is a GREAT boot . I 've had to use them all day long in the rain and in blazing sun . Your feet will stay comfy through it all . Even in the mud , they seem self cleaning & maintain a clean polished look . I 've ran in them and have never had any problems . Because of the lace and zip , they stay snug and really are wearable right out of the box . The boot knife is handy too ! If I had to reach for something negative to say , I could n't . It was even fast shipping and the company gave me a mail-in rebate for FREE 5.11 socks !
 I liked the fit after sending the size 13 's back for a 14 . I have worn 13 's in everything for years and never been in a size 14 . Once I got the right size the boots fit well and look very nice . We will see how they hold up .
 Been using this boot for about one month now , it 's comfortable goes on and off easy has good traction . as far as being durable I will have to wait three years and let you know . must of my bates shoes last about that long and I 'm hoping the 5.11 will too so far so good
 This is my second pair of these boots I have purchased . They are very comfortable , easy to take on and off , and look good . I would suggest replacing the cushioning inside as that wears out long before the boots do . The boots are difficult to shine to a military spit shine , but do look good with a regular shine .
 I go through a pair of these each year , and I keep coming back to them . They are comfortable , durable , fairly light and priced right . I usually buy these at a police supply site , but Amazon is much more convenient and had them at a better price . I highly recomend these , and their shorter cousin , the 6 inch ATAC side zip .
 I have been wearing the same pair of boots 40 to 50 hours a week for 2 1/2 years . I have had no problems with either the zipper or the souls . They have held up to moderate to heavy wear and tear . I am buying another pair , and would recommend these boots to a friend .
 Have these for about 2 months now , and seem to be fairly sturdy . Working in Afghanistan the weather can change from hot n dry to cold n wet , and no problems with either . Comfortable right out of the box , feels like tennis shoes . I would definetly buy these boots again . But should be priced a little lower ...
 Great boots . Only problem is they ran about a half size small for me ; so just keep that in mind .
 These boots are comfortable and fit true to size . The side zipper makes them very easy to get on and off . I have no problem recommending them to anyone who wants a comfortable easy to take on and off boot .
 I ordered the wrong size intitially but exchanging was very easy . The boots fit well and feel great . They offer lots of support for feet and ankles . I have not worked in them extensively yet but so far so good .
 I have been a full time firefighter for almost 18 years and have worn many types of duty boots . I usually wear Red Wing while on duty , as they seem to be the toughest that I have found . I tried out these 5.11 boots mainly for off duty use ... hiking , working outside , and casual everyday wear . I have to be honest ... if my fire dept. would let me wear brown boots , I would wear these on duty ! I love these things . I thought at first the might be too hot to wear due to the padding they have or that they might wear out easy around the heel on the inside . They seem to be well made and they are not too hot to wear for normal everyday wear . Comfort ? Yes , very much so ... 5.11 turns out very top notch products when it comes to equipment . Their backpacks are some of the nicest and most durable bags out there ... their boots seem to follow in suit . I am seriously thinking about getting some in black for my job . I usually wear a 9.5 or a 10 in boots but I read other reviews that mentioned that they run a bit small . I would agree so make sure you get one size up . Other than that very good product !
 I am a professional soccer player and I had tried a lot , I mean a lot of soccer shoes from many brands as Nike , Adidas , Puma , Diadora , Mizuno , Mitre , etc. and the Adidas Copa Mundial it 's one of the best soccer shoes arround . It may appear very classic but is very comfortable and is easy with the feet , specially in semi hard grass . I recommend it !
 This is the best soccer shoe I have ever worn . Lightweight , comfortable , provides great ball handling and turf contact . Here is a little caveat , though - when buying this shoe , try to get 1 size smaller than your actual size-it will stretch -LRB- thanks to Kangaroo leather -RRB- and will be a perfect fit !
 This classic soccer shoe is simply the best . This is the second pairs I own . And I can not find any thing to complain about it . It is so comfortable and best of all as a player this shoe simply will not be the reason if I can not deliver in the game . But make sure to buy just the right size . I wear size 10 tennis shoe but I bought size 9.5 for this shoe . Because it have to be just fit - not half a size larger or smaller .
 I was concerned that once ordered on sale they could possibly be knock-offs , but they were the real deal . Amazon could not confirm this concern either way . I had to wait and see . True Adidas soccer shoes are made in Germany ... no where else and if it says somewhere else , you got knock-offs . I should have bought two pair at such a great price . I believe with shipping they were $ 58 something . Keep in mind they generally run $ 89.00 - $ 90.00 and that 's without shipping!My son claims that no other soccer shoes compare ... only Adida 's will do.I ret 'd to order another pair , but they were sold-out : - -LRB- Thanks Amazon , you came through !
 I 've been playing soccer in these shoes for the past 7 years . In that time , I 've gone through 4 pairs . I once read about the preditor 's with all their technical advances and thought I 'd give them a try , but my feet hurt so bad after that game that I immediately returned them and bought my old faithful , the Copa Mundial 's ! They 're comfortable from day one and have served me well .
 Kind of surprised to find this shoe is made in china , which I dont think should be so
 I love this shoe ! I was fitted for this shoe at a running store in North Carolina . The store owner opened this store after retiring from a career in sports medicine and he recommended this brand . That was back in 1996 . I now live in CT and I have to order this shoe on line . The Brooks addiction shoe provides comfort and heel stability . It also has great cushioning . I am a nurse who works 12 hour shifts and this shoe has been the only shoe that has not disappointed me after being on my feet all day . I always keep at least two pair , one for work and another for exercising .
 My wife reports that this shoe is not only good for running but walking too . Try it you 'll like it .
 I got a great deal on the price of these running shoes and they were delivered much sooner than promised by the vendor . Excellent service .
 Sent in perfect condition in a timely manner . Thank you ! I always need these same sneakers - Brooks Addiction 9AA women 's . Let me know when you have a big sale !
 These are the most comfortable walking shoes I have ever tried ! Even with foot problems -LRB- bunion , bone spur , arthritis -RRB- I can walk for hours in these shoes without pain . They have a good arch and a roomy toe box . I love them and wo n't stop wearing them until they stop making them !
 These shoes are awesome , I got them after getting three days of shin splints from my other shoes . I found out that I overpronate so I need extra support to correct my steps . I love these shoes they are like walking on clouds .
 A year ago I went to Fleet Feet and got fitted for the Addiction 8 shoes . I loved them and logged over 300 miles on them , mostly trail running . I was trying to save some $ $ so I started searching for them on amazon and found these . I like the colors better on the Addiction 7 's and the shoe feels exactly as great as the 8 's . They are perfect for those of us who overpronate and need help keeping our feet level and straight while we run . I love these shoes !!!
 This is the best shoes I have owned . I wear this whenever I can which is most of the time . I have three pairs of these and only fear that I wo n't be able to buy them in the future .
 This is a shoe thast is helping me recover from a serious accident . I fell down the stairs in our home and broke both of my legs . My orthopaedist , physical therapist , surgeon recommended this as a very supported shoe to help walk as close to I previously did . It supports my arches in a comfortable way . I 'd recommend this for anyone needing good support in a casual shoe .
 I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of this shoe . I 've never had a Brooks product before , so I did n't know what to expect . There were many positive reviews of this product , so I thought I 'd take a chance . At the time I purchased them the shoes had been reduced to half price , so I did n't have much to lose ! I wear these shoes all the time , not just when I 'm jogging . I have a severe pronation problem and these shoes keep my feet stable . They are comfortable , good quality , and they look great . I am very pleased with my purchase .
 This is a stable shoe with lots of support . The fit is true to size . The price from Amazon was great !!!!
 Ever since I was first introduced to Brooks -LRB- which for some reason I confused with some K-mart brand in the past -RRB- I have been sold on their footbed stability , important for me to help keep my plantar fasciitis in check . In addition to great arch support , these shoes remind me of older models of New Balance -- which had a sole wider than the foot to give you that sense of a solid plant . Brooks ' has that same feeling and is especially comfortable for a slightly wider foot . Good for walking , running and aerobic workouts .
 Although the Brooks Addiction 7 shoe is made for running , I have found them to be extremely comfortable for long distance walking . I had a bunionectomy 18 years ago , and I wear orthotics on a regular basis . It is extremely important to me to have a good fitting shoe that will keep my feet feeling good and to avoid future foot problems . I am very picky with shoes and make sure that the shoes I wear will work for me for long distance walking . I have completed 3 full marathons , and the Brooks Addiction 7 's have been with me every step of the way . Plus , I have wide feet , so making sure the front part of the shoe is wide enough is a major factor . Brooks makes their shoes in plenty of widths to choose from . I highly recommend this shoe -LRB- much better than New Balance 842/843 series which I used to wear , but now I only wear Brooks Addiction 7s -RRB- .
 i 'm on my feet all day , i 'm a tad big.my feet and legs usually hurt by the end of the day . i 've also tried every brand of shoe out there . Brook 's are top notch . . i love them and so does my feet .
 I 've run three marathons in Brooks Addictions and have had no feet problems like I used to when I ran in Nikes and New Balances . These have been a lifesaver for my poor flat feet .
 This is my 3rd pair of Brooks running shoes . I 'm not a runner , just someone who likes comfortable `` tennis '' shoes . I do walk and go to the gym and am a fairly active stay at home mom , and these shoes are comfortable for all of the above activities . I have wide feet and am a bit on the `` chubby '' side , and these shoes feel great . I 've tried New Balances and Sketchers and Nikes , and these are by far the best . They are expensive , but its worth it to feel comfotable while you are running about .
 I bought my first pair last year after a 3 month foot and ankle injury had n't resolved itself . These shoes made a huge difference in my getting back to walking/running on the treadmill . I also buy the thick full-length green pads -LRB- forget the brand -RRB- and throw away the inserts that come with this shoe . I bought my 2nd pair recently because I felt there was no point in trying to find something better when these work perfectly for me . I also need support in the arch because I 'm on my feet all day -LRB- teaching -RRB- , and these w/the combo addition of the green pad do the trick .
 these are the most comfortable running shoes i have ever owned . They are padded in the right places , very durable , and nice looking . The running socks were a nice surprise . I can not believe what a deal i received . the socks alone in a running store would be $ 15 . I will always buy Brooks shoes .
 These are my favorite athletic shoes , and the price was the absolute best . I 'll definitely shop with you again .
 I have been dealing with severe plantar faciitis for 2 years . It is off and on , but mostly on . I have had cortisone shots in my heels , -LRB- horrible -RRB- and I have worn the stretch boots at night , taken the naproxen , you name it . I have spent hundreds , maybe thousands in the past trying to find shoes that do n't kill my feet . The price tag on one pair was $ 250 . OUTRAGEOUS . But , I am happy to say the one shoe that helps the most is a stable shoe with a good arch . The addicition 9 allowed me to start my exercise regime again . I have given up running , but thanks to this shoe I can again walk several miles at a time without heel pain . These shoes are not sold as a cure for PF , but I think they could be ! Thanks Brooks for making a quality shoe that I can afford .
 I LOVE MY BROOKS . I HAVE BEEN WEARING THEM FOR SEVERAL YEARS . I LIKE THIS STYLE BEST . I AM A NURSE , SO COMFORT IS VERY IMPORTANT.TAMRA
 These shoes are great and comfortable for my daughter . Just be sure to order about 1 1/2 size UP with these . We ordered a 13 1/2 for my daughter and they were VERY tight ! She needed a size 2 to have a little space in there .
 Liked the sneakers , they were for my daugher who uses them to cheerlead in and she said that they were very comfortable . The price was right and I 'm glad i was able to find them and purchase them .
 Had a hard time finding white shoes locally for my daughter 's cheerleading uniform . Finally found this shoe on Amazon.com . One of the reviews mentioned the sizes ran small , so I ordered about a size and a half bigger than usually and it worked for my daughter . Shoes held up well for the football season .
 We had ordered it . it came fast and was exactly what we ordered . Fit well nice product happy with them .
 I am so glad I listened to a previous review to get my daughter 's shoe 1 size and 1/2 bigger . She is an 11.5 toddler girl . I ordered her a 13 for gym class and I was n't disappointed . I fits perfectly . Great cushy comfortable shoe . Just beware that it runs small .
 My daughter needed cheer leading shoes and I was having a hard time finding ones that I thought would be supportive for her feet and the design the team was looking for . I received the shoes very quickly unfortunately they were the wrong size . I called for support questions . The lady that took my call was very friendly and answered my questions quickly . I send the first pair back and received the second pair before my daughter 's first game . We were very pleased .
 These are so cute . Plus the background is glittery which you ca n't tell from the picture . My daughter loves them !
 Daughter loves the boots . Waterproof but not for snow as there is no lining to keep feet warm .
 These boots were a present for a neighbors child . I had purchased the boys brown version but the pink are so cute . You ca n't see it in the picture but they have a slight glitter sheen to them and it really adds to the little girl look that they love . Even though they are feminine they are very sturdy . The price on Amazon was the best I found .
 I just got these for my 6 year old to wear around our pond and she loves them ! They are much cuter than the picture shows and yes , they are glittery ! The price is a little steep for playboots but my kids spend every waking moment outside around our ponds or helping out in the barn and these seem to be very well made . They are very thick and sturdy .
 These boots are the cutest thing ... I bought them for my 2 yr old and she wears them every where .
 I love these boots . My 4 year old lil princess picked them out on line and was anticipating its arrival . We were both extremely happy when they did arrive . Durable and easy to wipe clean . We have had a bit of a rainy season so she has worn her boots for a while now . She just loves her cowgirl boots . Did I mention they were `` adorable '' !!
 my grandaughter loves the way these shoe look very cute and keep her feet dry in the rainy weather great value very fast shipping to thank you . . karen hsb idaho
 We have 2 pairs of these boots -LRB- daughter outgrew the first pair , and now her sister wears them -RRB- . I get comments all the time on how cute they are . They hold up great too !
 I bought these for my granddaughter in Alaska . She loves them and they really keep her fet dry .
 I bought these boots for my 18 month old who was alway stealing her older sisters cowboy style boots , resulting in dramatics every time . I had a hard time finding actual boots in her size , so I thought these would work since they look like the real thing . My little one LOVES them . They are easy enough to put on and take off that she often does it herself . They are very true to the picture as well with color and design . They also do n't have that stinky rubber smell that some rainboots have . And they are lined inside with some type of fabric that makes them not as ` sticky ' . I guess my only con with these is that they were a little expensive when I can usually get kids rain boots at a local brick and mortar store for half the price . But , I knew they would have to look like cowboy boots to satisfy my little one , so these did the trick .
 These were great in the rain . Great accent to pair of pants or even paired with a skirt . Kids loved them
 These shoes are great in that they are not only very comfortable and light but stylish too . They fit true to size .
 I really like using this shoe for tennis . The rubber tip is just great if you 're used to break with it during long base shots .
 Just what I wanted , these shoes give me a nice comfort and reliability - I buy a pair every 3 years and I do n't plan on changing them . Always stylish , always perfect for my feet.I run a lot and play basketball , so I use and abuse them until they fall apart . So like I said , it takes over three years for that to happen . Even then , they are wearable if you dont care about the worn out color and dirty smudges . But I never managed to get them rip or anything like that.Adidas forever !
 A great sneaker for a great price . It was hard to find the Adidas Superstar 2G in stores . Amazon.Com had them and for a decent price !
 My son has been wearing this same style of Adidas sneaker for several years ... they stand up well to gym time and outside wear and look decent with jeans or khakis . He has the `` gym sneakers become outside sneakers '' rotation going on , so he 's always got at least 2 pair on the go ... they 're just a classic .
 I originally bought these shoes because I wanted some old school shell tops . After wearing these kicks for a month to the gym and walking around in them I 've discovered how comfortable they were and I would definetly buy them again
 Good shoe , similar to Metrum , but more light-weight and narrower . The white color does show skuff marks after you use them for a while . But overall , an adequate replacement for my Metrum shoes , which seem ever increasingly hard to find these days ...
 This shoe is a stylish and responsive addition to the vast adidas selection . It has very good heel support , without sacrificing flexibility . For those of you who enjoy room for your toes to `` breathe '' and curl , be sure to get them a size and a half to a size large . The only problem I found with these , was that unless tied firm and tight , your foot slides around a little bit . Overall , I highly recommend these shoes .
 Beautiful shoe . I would recommend getting a half size bigger , other than that they are great . I get so many compliments .
 I love these shoes ! Classic and sassy . Put it with a little black dress and have the best look for a night out . Its not as long and pointy as other shoes . This is a classic pump .
 Pros : Very comfortableGreat daily-wear shoes after you have put too many run miles on themRelatively lightweightAdequate supportGreat cushioningCons : Ugly as sinConstantly clicking or squeaking after they wear down a bitThe bottom edge of the shoe is rather jagged and I have nasty cuts on both ankles from when I accidentally nicked myself while runningPriceyI had always had trouble finding a shoe that worked for someone my size -LRB- 6 ' 7 '' , 220lbs . -RRB- , but I was very impressed with these . I got a good 550 miles out of them in Summer 2008 and still wear them occasionally .
 A friend of mine purchased a pair of these , and highly recommended them . Since we wear entirely different sizes , I had to go to the store and try them . $ 120 later , my feet were in heaven !!! I rarely buy a new model and pay full price , but these were worth it . Fantastic cushioning , first rate stability , a perfect fit that runs true to size . Plus they are washable ! I take the insoles out , and toss them in the washer - they come out looking like new again.One additional feature of these shoes that is becoming rare . These really last and last and last . I 've had my pair for 2 years now , and they are still in excellent condition . I did swap the insoles along the way -LRB- these come with 2 sets -RRB- and I am on my third set of laces , but they walk and look like new . I 've purchased 2 more pair from here on Amazon to put back for future use.I ca n't recommend them stronger . You can buy a cheaper shoe , but slurge a little - your feet will thank you.Now
 The sneaker itself , I ca n't really praise , because this is in fact my first running sneakers . It feels comfortable and a lot of people say that the `` bounce '' serves as shock absorbers for my legs . Rather that is true or not , I can not know for sure . However , the service I can praise . I had accidentally bought two of the same pair of sneakers . They did n't give me any problem because of a color mistake that I made . Their response was quick during the weekdays , but did not get a reply from them on the weekends . They gave me a refund for the sneaker and I was able to return it no problem .
 Got these for my husband over a year ago . He 's in the Army , and gets a lot of use out of a pair of running shoes . Loves these -- they 're only just NOW starting to feel old , and he 's had them for ages .
 I have gotten 2 surgeries already on my knee , I was afraid to go back to run ; with this shoes I do n't feel allot of impact while running , they are light , I honestly love this shoes . Even on normal activities I use this shoes . The only times that I get this shoes off are when my knee is actually on pain , because of weather , etc , those days I use DR Coil shoes that are orthopedics . If you have knee problem , back , check those shoes would help you as well DRCoil.com
 I 've been wearing nike 's for years . But recently , I have had the pleasure of purchasing the addidas megaride and now the adidas megaBounce . Great support in the forefoot , and unbelievable cushioning . I crosstrain heavily in these shoes and they still feel better than my nike 360 's , shox , adidas dlx runners , and air max -LRB- I 'm a shoe whore , like my wife ! -RRB- I 'm in the process of converting my wife to these shoes who is a marathon runner . BTW , great shoes for volleyball too !
 I use these sneakers for work becuase im on my feet for 11 hours . I have no pain on my feet at the end of he day . I highly advise any looking for real comfort to get the Adidias Megabounce .
 I have always been an adidas man ... And as usual this time too I was not disappointed.Fits excellently . Not too sure what to do with those spare insoles though .
 These shoes fit!I wear a 10.5 , I bought a 10.5 , and I can honestly say that I 've never worn a pair of shoes that fit this perfectly , just like a 10.5 should . From the heel to the toe , adidas has managed to craft a shoe that not only fits , but supports and protects my feet like no other.I 've had these shoes for over three months now ; I 've run hundreds of miles in them , worked out regularly , and occasionally just worn them around town/base . They 've aged on the outside like any shoe would , but where the quality of these kicks really shines is the durability of the support and megabounce system . Usually , with what I put shoes through , I 'd expect very little from them at this point in their life , but these have really impressed . On a 10 point scale , they 're still performing at an 8 + . The bottom line
 I bought this shoe earlier today because of all of the reviews I read about how great this shoe is.My routine is about 2-3 miles on treadmill before I start my lift , so I wanted something that was comfortable and durable yet light weight . My last pair of shoes I bought Summer of 2006 , which were New balance 473 . I loved them very much , but I am a large guy and wore the shoe out . For the last week or so , I had been having horrible pains in my legs which I found out were shin splints . I am more of a lifter than a runner/jogger/walker , and i have n't ever had that sensation before , so it scared me . I decided to go to a local shop and the guy said i just need to replace my shoes , which is why I got these adidas . I did about 2 miles , and to be honest the sensation was weird . The ` bounce ' is very evident . However , this is not a bad feeling . On the contrary , it is very comfortable.I imagine after I break them in a bit more , they will be even better . Ill update in a few weeks after I put some miles on them .
 I play soccer , run and play tennis and all those are quite a pounding on your knees , especially tennis . All I can say is that , after using these for running and tennis , my knees feel great no matter what I do . Absolutely the most shock absorbing shoe I have ever worn -LRB- and I had Nike Shocks before these -RRB- . Also , if you know , an average running shoe has to be replaced every 400 mi due to the EVA foam compressing . As these are open plastic ` baffles/springs ' there 's no EVA on the entire shoe . They throw in an extra set of inserts you can switch out after a year , so not only are they the best shoe I 've worn , they are the longest lasting . If Adidas keeps making these it will be the only shoe I ever buy for running/tennis .
 Being in the military we run ALOT.As you can imagine I 've been through alot of running shoes.These are by far the most comfortable I 've ever had .
 The break in time takes a little longer than other shoes I 've owned , but they are the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned . I was a Nike Shox person until these and now I 'll never go back .
 These shoes provide the best cushion experience on cross-training or running . I am so delighted with them ! .
 I 'm new to running and this my first training shoe . Its not as light as my New Balance 1001 -LRB- for racing -RRB- but I could feel the difference between their shock absorption capacity right off the first few paces . I could feel the cushion working well in both flat and inclined surfaces . Feels like an intelligent shoe that tries to adopt to the running surface , not to mention that feeling of an extra push after you kick off ! Aesthetically it looks great , but let 's see how long it takes before the white mesh gets dirty :-RRB- .
 This shoes is very confortable.In fact , it is one of the most confortable shoes that I ever had.I have 35 pairs of rubber shoes and the Adidas Men 's Megabounce is my favorite that I ordered three pairs of them.You could wear them all day.Highly recommended .
 adidas Men 's Megabounce + Running ShoeDURANTE MUCHO TIEMPO ME HE DEDIDACADO A COMPRAR ZAPATILLAS DE TODO TIPO Y MARCA , ENCONTRANDO ESTA VEZ EN AMAZON.COM LAS ZAPATILLAS IDEALES LAS MISMAS QUE HE ESTADO BUSCADO POR LARGO TIEMPO , ENTONCES QUIERO RECOMENDAR A CUALQUIER PERSONA QUE DESEE COMODIDAD , ELEGANCIA , PRECIO COMODO , ETC QUE SE COMPRE ESTAS ZAPATILLAS SIN NINGUN INCONVENIENTE , COMO DECIMOS ACA EN MI ECUADOR , `` COMPRATE CON LOS OJOS CERRADOS '' ES LA VERDAD , BYE BYE .
 This nifty pair of sneakersIs a bargain at the priceI thought they would look cheesyBut they 're really very niceThey light up in three placesAnd are made by Buster BrownVelcro straps hold them in placeEach with its padded tongueIt 's hard to find the light-up typeFor kids who have large feetAvailable up to size 2They really are a treatTough and sturdy , waterproof -LRB- We put them to the test -RRB- Big kids who love the movie `` Cars `` Will like these shoes the bestAmanda Richards , March 2 , 2007
 I bought them for my 3 year old Grandson and he loves them . I was surprised at how well they are made for the price . He has a wide foot , but these sneakers fit fine . He loves the way they light up .
 My five year old son loves it . He even likes the box it came in that he is saving it and putting his other toys -LRB- legos , etc. -RRB- into that box .
 These are great ! My son loves them . They appear to be of good quality and should last a long time . I 'm wondering how long they 'll flash for , but so far so good !
 This shoe is a nice combo of fun and function . My son is a huge Disney Pixar Car fan so of course he loves the sneaker . I love it because they fit my son perfectly , -LRB- I ordered 1/2 size up -RRB- , and the velcro straps are so easy to use that he fastens them himself.They were worth every penny and should fit as long as you know the child 's proper size .
 I bought this shoe knowing the reputation of its close cousin , the Superstar II . So I went around and tried out both models , and though I knew that the originals looked a lot better , the Superstar 2G is altogether a more comfortable shoe . So there 's the distinction ! Superstar II for the look , 2G for practicality.The rubber shell toe is definitely an interesting feature , since I 've never worn anything like it before . The problem is it scuffs easily , think pencil eraser that does n't slough off . The great thing is though that the shell on the 2G is streamlined ; get out a toothbrush/toothpaste and it 's clean . You 'll have to do this every two weeks or so though to keep it looking decent . OTOH the Superstar II 's shell has a deeper crosshatch pattern , so I 'm not sure if it would be as easy to clean.The silver stripes on the side are actually silvered threads that are woven perpendicular to the overall axis of the stripes . Occasionally things can get stuck , and on my particular pair the stripes CREASE when I walk ! Probably not very noticeable but anyway you might want to know.Weightwise this shoe is tremendously LIGHT . Also , since the tongue is hard and thick , you could easily walk around with the laces untied and tucked . It might feel tight at first up top but just keep the laces loose until the shoe gives.Overall I 've never been as happy about any pair for a long time ! I love these shoes . If you have to pick a more fashionable shoe though , you might want to take a harder look at the classics .
 Bought several pairs of this shoes and I have always been very satisfied . They are comfortable , durable , and well-priced .
 I have worn the Adidas Supertar 2G shoe for working-out and walking -LRB- never for playing Basketball -RRB- for over 20 years . When this pair wears out , I 'll be hard pressed to find a suitable replacement . Excellent form , fit and function . Too bad it has been discontinued !
 I had the originals back in grammar school in 1969 & always loved them.I have gained weight in the ensuing years & needed a very supportive shoe , so I looked into these again.This is a great shoe with lots of support for very overweight people , & highly recommended for them .
 Very happy w/the product , shipped right away , fits true to size .
 So I got them out , I said , `` Wow , these are light-weight ! '' I liked them , I really did . Well , I took them for a walk . It was sunny winter day , birds heading south , cool winds whirling around my head , a great scene for a brisk walk down to the local university and back . A take a few steps and think , ` these are quite comfy . ' I smile , another great purchase . I look down . I blink . I look down again to my amazement . The white leather uppers have started to change colors ! A darker red at the seams and a lighter pink on the surface of the leather . I continue my walk . A pink storm begins to overwhelm my white beauties ! Now , I 'm not worried about it , you know , I can handle pink , but deep down inside , I really wanted them to be white . I finish my walk , my macho-ness slightly tainted , re-enter my home , take of my pink three-striped wonders , and set them down to think . They changed back ! They are white again . Twas the sun that made them pink . The end.Anyway , has this happened to anyone else ??? Just wondering . Nice shoes , just kind of a strange surprise . Color-changing leather . . what will they come up with next . .
 I was 16 when I -LRB- or more accurately my mom -RRB- purchased my first pair of Superstar 2g 's . I immediately fell in love with the comfort and durability of this shoe . I 'm an avid tennis player and have been using these shoes when I play for the past 10 years . I have no complaints about them . The thick outsole and `` seashell toe '' or whatever it 's called are perfect on court wear.I typically go through one pair a year . The tread on the sole seems to be the first thing that wears down . Other than that , the rest of the shoe , even after lots of miles , still holds up well.For the price , I submit that one can not find a basketball or tennis shoe of better quality .
 It was so fast , i 'm so happy whith my shoes , all was correct size and color . i recomend this seller .
 I like the shoes and buy them because of this reason . I still feel the pricing of Adidas clothes and shoes out of line .
 I use these shoes for working out and playing basketball . They are pretty much perfect . Very snug fit and very comfortable .
 great shoes ... are very reliable . though after say 3 years of daily use , the fronts will start to come un glued and thus forcing you to buy new ones ... other than that a great looking , feeling shoe .
 The product was delivered in two days ' time , just as described . The shoes are comfortable and durable , I was very happy to find a pair for so cheap . The seller is very reliable !
 I love this style of shoe ! I 've had them in sooo many different colors . After the injuries I have had to my feet these are very comfortable shoes . Ill buy them again ... no doubt
 Was looking for adidas superstar shoes , but could n't find them anywhere ! However , I found them on amazon.com ! They were at a great price and I got them fast ! I am very happy !
 Love this shoe . I will order my next shoe a half size bigger because it fit just a tad bit snug .
 I have very wide feet and have been looking for a good , wide basketball shoe for a long time . I think I have finally found them ! The shoes are very comfortable and well-made . It is nice to not have sore/numb feet after player for a couple hours !
 He said that the shoes fit - to that means that Amazon was right in the sizing . He liked them a lot - he said that they were comfy and light.Thank you - from me - Amazon for the comfortable price of $ 29.00 . Very nice!And He says thank you - To Amazon for coming through with this miricle shoe .
 I had previously owned a pair of these shoes , same size and color , and I really wanted another pair . No store that I went to carried them anymore so I decided to check online . I checked a couple shoe stores online along with ebay and amazon.com and amazon.com had the best price . The item came exactly as I ordered and very early shipping , an all around good shopping experience .
 Love this shoe . It 's perfect for comfort wearing , looking good or sports . THE PERFECT SHOE , YO !
 I originally got my first pair of this shoe at Sears like 5 years ago , and they rocked , lightweight , easy to clean , comfy . But then I moved overseas to my next assignment , and I forgot them at my parents house ! And guess what my Dad gave them to Salvation Army , so now here I am reunited with the best shoes in the world I think . Thank god I found them on Amazon ! Someone out there maybe still got a free pair of great shoes for free : - P
 GREAT SHOES ! BRAND NEW , RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX ! I LOVE THEM !
 After wearing out my first pair , I got the second one - just like the first ! I am on my feet a lot during the day , they are sooo comfortable ! My feet never hurt . They last a long time . The leather got scuffed up bad so I used shoe polish on them and they look almost new . As long as they make 'em I will be buying more in the future . I love these shoes .
 I OWN THIS SHOE . I WEAR THEM EVERY DAY TO WORK . THE PAIR I HAVE IS AT LEAST 2 YEARS OLD . THEY STILL LOOK GREAT AND THEY ARE EXTEMELY COMFORTABLE . THEY ARE JUST NOW STARTING TO SHOW A LITTLE WEAR BUT IT IS ON THE INSIDE . I LIKE THEM ENOUGH TO BUY ANOTHER PAIR . I MIGHT EVEN BUY A 2ND PAIR TO PUT BACK IN CASE I CA N'T FIND THEM IN THE FUTURE ! THEY LOOK GREAT WITH KHAKIS . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS ITEM .
 I bought this shoes and they are absolutely the best shoes , they are very comfortable , so if you are looking for comfort and good value this shoes are it .
 I ordered these to match the brown ones I had . They are really great !
 I bought two pair of these shoes -LRB- one in black and one in brown -RRB- toward the end of December after reading several great reviews . I spend a lot of time on my feet but also need to have nice looking -LRB- business casual -RRB- shoes . These shoes are great !! In fact , they 're so great that I just bought another two pair . When you find something you like , always buy two . Although I 've only had these for less than two months I can assure you I 've put lots of hours on them already and they still look great and feel even more comfortable.I will update as I continue to get more use out of them . Yes , they 're a bit pricey but again ... well worth the money if you enjoy foot comfort as much as I do !
 I have had eastland shoes before , these are great shoes . They are comfortable and have good support .
 I purchased a pair of these shoes locally in brown and they fit so well I went looking for them in black . I have a narrow heel and have trouble with slip-on shoes , but these fit well throughout .
 I absolutely love these shoes ! I work retail so I stand on concrete for 8 + hours a day . These shoes are great for that and everyday use . They look great w / dress pants and jeans ! Great buy !
 Great shoes ! They arrived when promised and are very comfortable . Keep up the good work !
 Then these shoes are perfect . They run true to size and are shaped to accomodate the foot without squeezing it . Plus they are like sex on a stick .
 These shoes are great , and surprisingly comfortable . I have fairly wide feet , and usually with pointy stiletto 's I find my toes uncomfortably squished , but I did not have that problem with these!However , after a few months of wear - the heel tip came slightly unscrewed , which was easy to fix simply by re-screwing the heel on tighter .
 I have ordered this item 0.5 size bigger , instead of 8,5 i have ordered size 9 , and it seems it was very good choice , it is high hill and a little bit large pump will be very comfortable , when you have to were them for a long time ... very satisfied , thanks a lot . : -RRB-
 I love this shoe . I bought it in every color . I bought a backup black one for when my black one gives out if this shoe is discontinued.I 'm enslaved to this shoe in a manner best described as pathetic.It 's sassy .
 The shoes were for my daughter who attends college in Kentucky . She had seen them in stores but they never had her size . I found them in her size , color , and at a better price on your web site . We were very surprised when the shoes arrived in just a couple of days since we did extended shipping to save cost . My daughter received the shoes at her address in Kentucky before she left for a trip , I had ordered them from home in Ohio ! We are extremely pleased with our purchase . THANK YOU !
 I like the adidas +10.7 's because they are very light and durable and they are also very comfortable on the feet . You get very good traction , I have n't slipped for the time that i have had them they are great in wet and dry conditions . I would deffinatly recomend these for soccer .
 My son ordered these cleats -LRB- with my permission -RRB- after shopping around . He knew what he wanted , but he waited to find a reasonable price . The cleats arrived quickly in tip top condition . I am very satisfied with this purchase .
 they are really nice , they fit great but they are really thin so when you get stepped on you really feel it
 Very nice soccer shoes . Comfortable , good quality.The cleats are not changable . I suggest use it on grass or soft ground instead of hard ground .
 Excellent seller , everything developed with normality and the product is the original one and very but very well
 GREAT SHOES ! BRAND NEW , RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX ! I LOVE THEM !
 I wear my pair around the farm for all the chores , in dry , wet and snowy weather . Feet stay dry and warm . These are best worn NOT in the heat of summer , and it 's important to let them dry out if the shoes get moist on the inside before you wear them again . Hard-wearing , great-looking ; they go with skirts , slacks , shorts and jeans !
 My boyfriend loved these !!!! -LRB- size 11 -RRB- They survived our trip in Greece walking up a spiral cobblestone staircase , the rocky beaches and uneven roads . Very well-crafted , and if the thong on the sandal pops out , easily fixed .
 I REALLY like this flip flop a lot . It is light and comfortable and the color is very nice . I may order in different colors .
 These flip-flops are light and comfortable and easy to walk in . The straps seem softer than in other Havaianas I have worn . A good buy .
 I got these for the gym shower and they fit the bill perfectly . I appreciate the styling . Would also wear them to the beach , or in the backyard .
 I am not usually one to buy products for a ` name ' but these were recommended to me by a friend and I 'm glad I bought them . They are very comfortable and feel great on because both the straps and the sole are so soft . I 've also discovered they clean very easily in the washing machine !
 I have relatively normal sized feet , I wear size 11 in Nike Pegasus and these fit me perfectly . The rubber is much more durable than typical flip flops . After a summer 's worth of wear , I 'm still happy with them . They 're a tad floppy but what do you expect ?
 The flip flop are stylish and good quality . They had a variety of styles available and sizes . Would buy another pair when these wear out .
 my son loves these for everyday on thebeach and he keeps a pair in a traveling suitcaswe so when he gets to a hotel he always has them !
 Made to get wet and that is why I bought them . Fast drying . Flimsy strap , but even so worked well when I had to walk . They wo n't replace my leather Abercrombie 's , but when I need shower or locker room or beach shoes they will be my go to .
 Great support , look and price ... will only buy HAVAIANAS from now on , amazing . Going to order them in every color . . even great around the house .
 We pretty much live in flip flops 9 months a year . These look great and seem to be wearing very well .
 Overpriced with respect to what they are really worth -LRB- after all its just some rubber -RRB- but they make great flip flops and are very confortable . Product looks exactly like the image and has a small brazilian flan on the lace .
 Love this color combination lol . I got these as indoor slippers so I could reserve my outdoor havianas for , well , outdoors.They are super comfortable and hold up well to me getting out of the shower and traipsing about the apartment with them in wet feet . Really a beautiful flip flop !
 Quality flip-flops . My first pair of these sandals I purchased 6 years ago . I bought these as a replacement pair as the thongs on one of the flops popped out of the hole . Flip-flops lasting 6 years is for the most part unheard of . My old pair was so worn down from me wearing them that at parts I did n't have that stylish stripe along the bottom anymore . They 're comfortable , they 're cheap , and they last - what more can you ask for ?
 The price of the item was competiive and the item was received very quickly . Very satisifed with the service provided .
 Used to have to go to Brazil to get this now I can them right here . super comfortable , dont wear out , and stylish ! I bought a pair in Rio 4 years ago and they are still going on strong . . pretty amazing product
 These pair of flip flops are both comfortable and fashionable . I love Havaianas , I have more than one pair of their flip flops and they have all proven to be well put together .
 I like these and they look great but i have tripped up a few times already . When you turn they can get roll up and get caught kinda . It is kinda embarrassing lol but hey probably my own fault for running around in these . I just know that i cant do that in my rainbows and I love rainbow sandals . go check them out !
 Have n't had these for too long now , but long enough to know I love them . They fit perfectly , they 're just the right weight , the slight color trim and small logo look way cool , and they 're a perfect balance of squishy and firm . I wear a size 12 shoe but I ordered these in 10/11 M US and they 're a perfect fit . I tend to like flip-flops/sandals a little bit tighter on my feet though . I just wish i still lived in California so I could wear them more often !
 Although someone has stated before , this is not a women 's flip flop , it 's a men 's , but here in Brazil we do n't really care . They all fit 2 sizes at the same time , but the women 's have some minor differences in design . I say that because I 'm Brazilian and wear these since I was a little kid and I can guarantee there is no Brazilian person who does n't own at least one pair of them . They last forever , they are very comfortable , but not so cheap on Amazon , since a pair of Havaianas in Brazil costs about US$ 7 . In the past , Havaianas were so cheap that only guys working in construction would wear them -LRB- you can wear them all day long and still be comfortable -RRB- , 15 years ago or so the company managed to make their products super popular with new colors and designs . Anyway , my fianc&eacute; is in the US and I wanted to give him these , so I bought the pair from this seller and the delivery was really fast . Plus , in the end , it was cheaper than trying to buy and send them there .
 I already knew the product as I used to own a gray pair . They last forever and are comfortable and stylish . Highly recommended although a little pricy . But hey , you live just once .
 I bought this slipper for going to Hajj and used it through out most of the Hajj rituals . I needed to walk 5-6 miles at a time over different sort of terrain . Overall the slippers were comfortable causing no pain over the heels , toes or the bottom of my feet after walking for 3-4 hours at one time . My only complaint is that they were initially very snuggly but soon became loose and floppy . Not sure if a size smaller will work better in the long run .
 I love Havaianas sandals , and this transaction was perfect . the sandals came quickly , and are in excellent shape . the colors and the look of the sandals are accurately akin to the picture and item description .
 Comfortable and stylish . I ordered the 7/8 size and they fit me quite well -LRB- I usually wear a shoe size of 7 -RRB- . They are a bit thinner across than my other flip-flops .
 Most notably , this is a WOMEN 'S flip flop , not a Men 's , and I am very pleased with the purchase . They run true -LRB- to women 's sizing -RRB- and are very comfortable . I have a few pair of these and have found them to be very durable .
 These sandals changed my habits . I used to only wear `` flip-flops '' out to the patio or around the house , but now I 'll even talk the dog for a walk or wear these out to the Hollywood Bowl for an evening of music . I plan to wear them to the airport next time I fly so that I can take my shoes off without the normal lacing and tying routine.BTW in its review of Stanford as one of the douchiest colleges , CQ said , `` Because you ca n't be bothered with `` fashion , '' you wear old Gap jeans , Havaianas flip-flops , a T-shirt with the name of an obscure tech company that ends in a y -- Blippy or Swipely or Smackly or Webbly -- underneath a Stanford sweatshirt . `` Hmm . That actually was part of my buying decision . If these shoes are good enough for Stanford kids , they 're good enough for me .
 I 've bought many pairs of flip flops over the past few years . I live in Santa Monica and run my business from home - flip flops are worn daily , and travel with me every where . I had a pair of Reef 's , rubber/EVA , lasted two years , very comfortable , not so stylish , ruined them climbing lava rocks . Replaced them with more upmarket leather Reef 's , horrible - the leather continually was too smooth , I 'd sand them with sandpaper , smooth again in days , garbage after 4 months . Bought these Havaianas based on a recommendation from a friend , immediately like the comfort , very soft and cushy . The rubber strap is n't too bad . Sometimes they 're great for a mile of walking , some days , when it 's more humid , I get the occasional blister . I figure that 's normal for flip flops . My one complaint is when you jog/move fast - they do n't like it . Whatever material Havaianas uses for the sole , it 's too floppy for active movement . They `` flop '' too much , and the toe bows under - easy to trip . I wear a 13 , so the extra length and weight may be the problem , may not happen with a smaller size . Durability so far is great , handled lots of abuse , walked many miles , and barely any deformation - I weigh 240 lbs so this is quite the feat ! feat , hehe ... I would recommend these , especially for more casual use .
 I love these flip flops . We used to buy this brand in Brazil all the time , and I was very pleased to find them here on Amazon for such a great price . Everyone in Brazil buys them because they are THE BEST BRAND . Comfortable and durable , they were just what I needed being 9 months pregnant in August !!! Not only that , but the delivery was incredible . I placed the order one afternoon at about 4 p.m. and received the flip flops the next morning about 11 a.m.
 I was looking for a shower shoe to wear at the gym after working out and found the perfect product . Light weight and a good product to meet my need .
 my husband loves flip flips and these are great very good quality very sturdy . He gets compliments and is asked all the time where he purchased them from . Sorry Amazon he wo n't tell
 These are a great product ! My husband wore these frequently throughout the year and almost daily in the summers for over 5 YEARS and loved them ! We just bought a replacement pair after those broke into their 5th year . He wore them very heavily -- traveling , poolside , to state fairs , working around the yard , on walks , etc. . . the rubber bottom had worn down to the first layer of stripes because he got A LOT of mileage out of these puppies !
 Theese boots were a great hit . He loves Dinosaurs and the boots fit the bill . They are a little larger than we expected , but he still insists on wearing them .
 A friend of mine recently has surgery on her heel to remove bone spurs . Her doctor told her that for the type of work that she does -LRB- on concrete 10 hrs a day -RRB- that the New balance was the best shoe that she could get to keep her feet from hurting . The doctor told her that the higher the number the better the shoe , so I bought a pair and my feet still hurt but there is a big difference between these and other name brands that I do not want to mention . I also , work on concrete and 10 to 11 hours a day . My feet , back and legs do n't hurt as much as they used too .
 You ca n't get much easier than a pair of canvas slip-ons and these are attractive , comfortable and well priced . Furthermore , Easy Spirit makes durable shoes so I hope these last me for many years .
 A friend of mine recently has surgery on her heel to remove bone spurs . Her doctor told her that for the type of work that she does -LRB- on concrete 10 hrs a day -RRB- that the New balance was the best shoe that she could get to keep her feet from hurting . The doctor told her that the higher the number the better the shoe , so I bought a pair and my feet still hurt but there is a big difference between these and other name brands that I do not want to mention . I also , work on concrete and 10 to 11 hours a day . My feet , back and legs do n't hurt as much as they used too .
 At first glance , these slippers seemed to have an unusual shape , but they are very comfortable and I have received compliments on their appearance .
 A friend of mine recently has surgery on her heel to remove bone spurs . Her doctor told her that for the type of work that she does -LRB- on concrete 10 hrs a day -RRB- that the New balance was the best shoe that she could get to keep her feet from hurting . The doctor told her that the higher the number the better the shoe , so I bought a pair and my feet still hurt but there is a big difference between these and other name brands that I do not want to mention . I also , work on concrete and 10 to 11 hours a day . My feet , back and legs do n't hurt as much as they used too .
 A friend of mine recently has surgery on her heel to remove bone spurs . Her doctor told her that for the type of work that she does -LRB- on concrete 10 hrs a day -RRB- that the New balance was the best shoe that she could get to keep her feet from hurting . The doctor told her that the higher the number the better the shoe , so I bought a pair and my feet still hurt but there is a big difference between these and other name brands that I do not want to mention . I also , work on concrete and 10 to 11 hours a day . My feet , back and legs do n't hurt as much as they used too .
 A friend of mine recently has surgery on her heel to remove bone spurs . Her doctor told her that for the type of work that she does -LRB- on concrete 10 hrs a day -RRB- that the New balance was the best shoe that she could get to keep her feet from hurting . The doctor told her that the higher the number the better the shoe , so I bought a pair and my feet still hurt but there is a big difference between these and other name brands that I do not want to mention . I also , work on concrete and 10 to 11 hours a day . My feet , back and legs do n't hurt as much as they used too .
 Clarks is the only shoe I buy . I 'm on my feet 8 to 10 hours a day and they are the most comfortable shoe . Even new , I do n't have to take another pair to work in case these will hurt my feet . The price was also great .
 Great professional looking shoe , very comfortable as well . I have come to rely on the Deer Stag brand for my husband 's shoe needs . I highly recommend this shoe ... . the company has a great variety of styles and colors to fit your every need .
 Short and sweet . This shoe gives all the all day walking comfort as a pair of sneakers , but with the business looks you need . Construction is good overall , material quality is medium . I 've had more than 3 pair of deer stags like this . They dont last years and years like my old hush puppies , but they are way more comfortable .
 I bought my first pair of Quarky 's -LRB- in bubblegum pink , which I picked from a selection including only lime green , banana yellow , and the pink -RRB- 5 years ago . I was told they were gardening shoes ; no difference to me , I have no ability to stand on cement for more than 5 minutes without spending the balance of the day walking crookedly . These shoes were and remain REALLY COMFORTABLE ... no kidding , they are so comfortable , weigh little , are waterproof , and do n't look like rubber -LRB- which I think that they are -RRB- . I just bought a second pair in black -LRB- having finally wearied of strangers eyeballing my feet in the pink ones . -RRB- Others have commented on the squeak ; yep , these new ones are a little squeaky , and I do n't recall that the others ever were . Maybe they were , and I 've just to wear them in . At any rate , these are super shoes , and very comfortable ; I am an educator and spend hours and hours on my feet in lecture halls . They 're great !! If I had a need to enter a room without being noticed , I suppose that I 'd slip them off . : -RRB-
 I had these in white for a job 10 years ago , and actually still have them . I decided to get black this time , and I , too , had trouble with the squeaking . The baby powder under the insole trick is magic . I only had to do it once and there has been no more squeaking at all . I am a veterinary technician and wear these shoes all day , and also on a 30 min walk on my break . They are so comfortable ! A bonus for me is they are also bleach proof . I use a lot of bleach and my leather shoes showed it . I can drop straight bleach on these and there 's no mark at all , amazing ! Got rid of my $ 100 + shoes and am definitely keeping these .
 I love these shoes . Been wearing them for 10 years but for some reason this pair is super squeaky when I barely move in them . Still very comfy though :-RRB- .
 These are the fourth pair I 've purchased . If they ever stop making them I 'll have to go barefoot , they fit me like a glove and I love it that they 're so lightweight .
 I 'm on my third pair of these and still could n't be happier with them . They 're incredibly lightweight and comfortable . There 's a reason why they 're so popular with people who are on their feet a lot . Like other purchasers have noted , they can be more than a little squeaky . But for a quick fix , all you have to do is remove the insert of the shoe and dust it with baby powder on the bottom before replacing it in the shoe . This will greatly reduc , e if not eliminate any friction which is the cause of the squeaking sound .
 I use my Quarks as barn shoes . They 're fantastic . VERY light and water tight . I bought and returned several other types online before finding these . Wonderful discovery .
 These came a bit more narrow than the first pair I had bought 10 years ago -LRB- which I am still wearing ! -RRB- but very comfortable still . They last forever and are light as a feather !
 Though the shoes were as advertised , and appeared to be well made , I found the sizing was significantly different than most shoes I buy in that same size . They were much wider -LRB- in a `` medium ' width -RRB- and slightly longer .
 A friend of mine recently has surgery on her heel to remove bone spurs . Her doctor told her that for the type of work that she does -LRB- on concrete 10 hrs a day -RRB- that the New balance was the best shoe that she could get to keep her feet from hurting . The doctor told her that the higher the number the better the shoe , so I bought a pair and my feet still hurt but there is a big difference between these and other name brands that I do not want to mention . I also , work on concrete and 10 to 11 hours a day . My feet , back and legs do n't hurt as much as they used too .
 After a little over a decade of not wearing them , I decided to buy a pair of boots . I looked at several brands , styles , etc. and finally picked these . As you can tell from the 5-star rating , I 'm glad I did.I never expected a pair of boots that cost me just over $ 100 to be what these have turned out to be . It took a few days of breaking them in , but these boots are now as comfortable as the moccasins I wear for house shoes . As a matter of fact , these may be the most comfortable boots I 've ever owned.And they look great ! I 've only had these for about 2 weeks and have already received several compliments on them . I wear them as a part of security uniform , so they 're dressy enough to wear on the town , but they 're also comfortable enough to wear for extended periods . They 're also well made and look like they 'll last for a very long time with proper care.As for sizing , I ordered my normal shoe size and they fit just like they should.Would I recommend these to my friends ? You bet I would . I 'd be very happy to let them know about this bargain .
 I 'm a boot guy . I love boots . I have wellingtons , motorcycle boots , hiking boots , Army boots ... I have had a pair of these boots for many years . Enough that I do n't remember exactly , but it 's at least seven . These are rough leather boots , so I ca n't say they look like new ; they have been rubbed to a rather shiny buff where the cuff of my jeans hits them , and they have acquired a very pleasing character with light abrasions and scratches here and there . But the leather has held up very well , with no cracks or splits in the very , very dry climate where I live . As the other reviewer said , they break in easily and are very good , comfortable boots . They are made in China , and are very inexepensive , but the quality would be more than satisfactory even if they cost twice as much ! I could hardly be more pleased !
 I finnaly found a good boot that is comfortable and looks great ... . Color is great . And I feel great wearing them
 A friend of mine recently has surgery on her heel to remove bone spurs . Her doctor told her that for the type of work that she does -LRB- on concrete 10 hrs a day -RRB- that the New balance was the best shoe that she could get to keep her feet from hurting . The doctor told her that the higher the number the better the shoe , so I bought a pair and my feet still hurt but there is a big difference between these and other name brands that I do not want to mention . I also , work on concrete and 10 to 11 hours a day . My feet , back and legs do n't hurt as much as they used too .
 Great skate shoes , my son loves these . These were cheaper than alot of the others and we do n't know why , they are GREAT sk8 shoes !
 LOVE THESE ! SO thankful for the good deal!I ca n't afford the prices of the others , but I was able to get Etnies for all 3 of my kids with this deal !
 I am usually very picky about what shoes i wear and it was my first time ordering them online and not having a option of trying them on , but i heard good things about this brand and model , so i gave it a shot , i have bad support in my feet and week ankles , these shoes look kinda big , but amazingly they are very very comfortable and have nice support , and they lasted a very long time , i plan on making another order soon .
 The sneakers arrived in a timely fashion , as promised . They were exactly what my son wanted . They were priced reasonably.They were of high quality and true to size . Thank you , Amazon
 Alright well i am a size fourteen and i usually wear 4e shoes they say its a D size shoe but to me it feel like a 4e because it fits me quite swell . any way i got the cool green ones it fits perfectly i mean the best shoes i ever got . the only problem with the green ones is that when ever you use them it attracts a lot of dirt . A lot ! but all i do is spray Shout on them wait 5 minutes and then wipe it down with a damp cloth . but other than that they really have nice ankle protection , by the way there my first ankle tops i ever got and i am extremely glad i got them . i would and did recommend them to everyone . so get them the best 33 dollars i ever spent !
 it looks really cool and really comforible . everything on it is great except sometimes there will be some dirt that sticks to the dark black part in the front even if im not walking by dirt .
 A friend of mine recently has surgery on her heel to remove bone spurs . Her doctor told her that for the type of work that she does -LRB- on concrete 10 hrs a day -RRB- that the New balance was the best shoe that she could get to keep her feet from hurting . The doctor told her that the higher the number the better the shoe , so I bought a pair and my feet still hurt but there is a big difference between these and other name brands that I do not want to mention . I also , work on concrete and 10 to 11 hours a day . My feet , back and legs do n't hurt as much as they used too .
 I 've gotten lots of compliments on these shoes . They look great with jeans and are very comfortable while still stylish . I wore them for 12 hours while Christmas shopping with no problems .
 These shoes are a great height for walking and comfortable . I 've received many complliments !
 A friend of mine recently has surgery on her heel to remove bone spurs . Her doctor told her that for the type of work that she does -LRB- on concrete 10 hrs a day -RRB- that the New balance was the best shoe that she could get to keep her feet from hurting . The doctor told her that the higher the number the better the shoe , so I bought a pair and my feet still hurt but there is a big difference between these and other name brands that I do not want to mention . I also , work on concrete and 10 to 11 hours a day . My feet , back and legs do n't hurt as much as they used too .
 I am usually very picky about what shoes i wear and it was my first time ordering them online and not having a option of trying them on , but i heard good things about this brand and model , so i gave it a shot , i have bad support in my feet and week ankles , these shoes look kinda big , but amazingly they are very very comfortable and have nice support , and they lasted a very long time , i plan on making another order soon .
 The sneakers arrived in a timely fashion , as promised . They were exactly what my son wanted . They were priced reasonably.They were of high quality and true to size . Thank you , Amazon
 Alright well i am a size fourteen and i usually wear 4e shoes they say its a D size shoe but to me it feel like a 4e because it fits me quite swell . any way i got the cool green ones it fits perfectly i mean the best shoes i ever got . the only problem with the green ones is that when ever you use them it attracts a lot of dirt . A lot ! but all i do is spray Shout on them wait 5 minutes and then wipe it down with a damp cloth . but other than that they really have nice ankle protection , by the way there my first ankle tops i ever got and i am extremely glad i got them . i would and did recommend them to everyone . so get them the best 33 dollars i ever spent !
 it looks really cool and really comforible . everything on it is great except sometimes there will be some dirt that sticks to the dark black part in the front even if im not walking by dirt .
 These shoes are great . They go with just about anything . They look great on and are very comfortable . Great price on them too !!
 After a little over a decade of not wearing them , I decided to buy a pair of boots . I looked at several brands , styles , etc. and finally picked these . As you can tell from the 5-star rating , I 'm glad I did.I never expected a pair of boots that cost me just over $ 100 to be what these have turned out to be . It took a few days of breaking them in , but these boots are now as comfortable as the moccasins I wear for house shoes . As a matter of fact , these may be the most comfortable boots I 've ever owned.And they look great ! I 've only had these for about 2 weeks and have already received several compliments on them . I wear them as a part of security uniform , so they 're dressy enough to wear on the town , but they 're also comfortable enough to wear for extended periods . They 're also well made and look like they 'll last for a very long time with proper care.As for sizing , I ordered my normal shoe size and they fit just like they should.Would I recommend these to my friends ? You bet I would . I 'd be very happy to let them know about this bargain .
 I 'm a boot guy . I love boots . I have wellingtons , motorcycle boots , hiking boots , Army boots ... I have had a pair of these boots for many years . Enough that I do n't remember exactly , but it 's at least seven . These are rough leather boots , so I ca n't say they look like new ; they have been rubbed to a rather shiny buff where the cuff of my jeans hits them , and they have acquired a very pleasing character with light abrasions and scratches here and there . But the leather has held up very well , with no cracks or splits in the very , very dry climate where I live . As the other reviewer said , they break in easily and are very good , comfortable boots . They are made in China , and are very inexepensive , but the quality would be more than satisfactory even if they cost twice as much ! I could hardly be more pleased !
 I finnaly found a good boot that is comfortable and looks great ... . Color is great . And I feel great wearing them
 The shoe is light and very comfortable.It also has a sporty look.Although much of the sporty elastic gets hidden if you wear your jeans and then it looks like an ordinary shoe.But I like the comfort fit and light weight .
 After a little over a decade of not wearing them , I decided to buy a pair of boots . I looked at several brands , styles , etc. and finally picked these . As you can tell from the 5-star rating , I 'm glad I did.I never expected a pair of boots that cost me just over $ 100 to be what these have turned out to be . It took a few days of breaking them in , but these boots are now as comfortable as the moccasins I wear for house shoes . As a matter of fact , these may be the most comfortable boots I 've ever owned.And they look great ! I 've only had these for about 2 weeks and have already received several compliments on them . I wear them as a part of security uniform , so they 're dressy enough to wear on the town , but they 're also comfortable enough to wear for extended periods . They 're also well made and look like they 'll last for a very long time with proper care.As for sizing , I ordered my normal shoe size and they fit just like they should.Would I recommend these to my friends ? You bet I would . I 'd be very happy to let them know about this bargain .
 I 'm a boot guy . I love boots . I have wellingtons , motorcycle boots , hiking boots , Army boots ... I have had a pair of these boots for many years . Enough that I do n't remember exactly , but it 's at least seven . These are rough leather boots , so I ca n't say they look like new ; they have been rubbed to a rather shiny buff where the cuff of my jeans hits them , and they have acquired a very pleasing character with light abrasions and scratches here and there . But the leather has held up very well , with no cracks or splits in the very , very dry climate where I live . As the other reviewer said , they break in easily and are very good , comfortable boots . They are made in China , and are very inexepensive , but the quality would be more than satisfactory even if they cost twice as much ! I could hardly be more pleased !
 I finnaly found a good boot that is comfortable and looks great ... . Color is great . And I feel great wearing them
 After a little over a decade of not wearing them , I decided to buy a pair of boots . I looked at several brands , styles , etc. and finally picked these . As you can tell from the 5-star rating , I 'm glad I did.I never expected a pair of boots that cost me just over $ 100 to be what these have turned out to be . It took a few days of breaking them in , but these boots are now as comfortable as the moccasins I wear for house shoes . As a matter of fact , these may be the most comfortable boots I 've ever owned.And they look great ! I 've only had these for about 2 weeks and have already received several compliments on them . I wear them as a part of security uniform , so they 're dressy enough to wear on the town , but they 're also comfortable enough to wear for extended periods . They 're also well made and look like they 'll last for a very long time with proper care.As for sizing , I ordered my normal shoe size and they fit just like they should.Would I recommend these to my friends ? You bet I would . I 'd be very happy to let them know about this bargain .
 I 'm a boot guy . I love boots . I have wellingtons , motorcycle boots , hiking boots , Army boots ... I have had a pair of these boots for many years . Enough that I do n't remember exactly , but it 's at least seven . These are rough leather boots , so I ca n't say they look like new ; they have been rubbed to a rather shiny buff where the cuff of my jeans hits them , and they have acquired a very pleasing character with light abrasions and scratches here and there . But the leather has held up very well , with no cracks or splits in the very , very dry climate where I live . As the other reviewer said , they break in easily and are very good , comfortable boots . They are made in China , and are very inexepensive , but the quality would be more than satisfactory even if they cost twice as much ! I could hardly be more pleased !
 I finnaly found a good boot that is comfortable and looks great ... . Color is great . And I feel great wearing them
 The shoe is light and very comfortable.It also has a sporty look.Although much of the sporty elastic gets hidden if you wear your jeans and then it looks like an ordinary shoe.But I like the comfort fit and light weight .
 A friend of mine recently has surgery on her heel to remove bone spurs . Her doctor told her that for the type of work that she does -LRB- on concrete 10 hrs a day -RRB- that the New balance was the best shoe that she could get to keep her feet from hurting . The doctor told her that the higher the number the better the shoe , so I bought a pair and my feet still hurt but there is a big difference between these and other name brands that I do not want to mention . I also , work on concrete and 10 to 11 hours a day . My feet , back and legs do n't hurt as much as they used too .
 I am usually very picky about what shoes i wear and it was my first time ordering them online and not having a option of trying them on , but i heard good things about this brand and model , so i gave it a shot , i have bad support in my feet and week ankles , these shoes look kinda big , but amazingly they are very very comfortable and have nice support , and they lasted a very long time , i plan on making another order soon .
 The sneakers arrived in a timely fashion , as promised . They were exactly what my son wanted . They were priced reasonably.They were of high quality and true to size . Thank you , Amazon
 Alright well i am a size fourteen and i usually wear 4e shoes they say its a D size shoe but to me it feel like a 4e because it fits me quite swell . any way i got the cool green ones it fits perfectly i mean the best shoes i ever got . the only problem with the green ones is that when ever you use them it attracts a lot of dirt . A lot ! but all i do is spray Shout on them wait 5 minutes and then wipe it down with a damp cloth . but other than that they really have nice ankle protection , by the way there my first ankle tops i ever got and i am extremely glad i got them . i would and did recommend them to everyone . so get them the best 33 dollars i ever spent !
 it looks really cool and really comforible . everything on it is great except sometimes there will be some dirt that sticks to the dark black part in the front even if im not walking by dirt .
 A friend of mine recently has surgery on her heel to remove bone spurs . Her doctor told her that for the type of work that she does -LRB- on concrete 10 hrs a day -RRB- that the New balance was the best shoe that she could get to keep her feet from hurting . The doctor told her that the higher the number the better the shoe , so I bought a pair and my feet still hurt but there is a big difference between these and other name brands that I do not want to mention . I also , work on concrete and 10 to 11 hours a day . My feet , back and legs do n't hurt as much as they used too .
 Great skate shoes , my son loves these . These were cheaper than alot of the others and we do n't know why , they are GREAT sk8 shoes !
 LOVE THESE ! SO thankful for the good deal!I ca n't afford the prices of the others , but I was able to get Etnies for all 3 of my kids with this deal !
 I am usually very picky about what shoes i wear and it was my first time ordering them online and not having a option of trying them on , but i heard good things about this brand and model , so i gave it a shot , i have bad support in my feet and week ankles , these shoes look kinda big , but amazingly they are very very comfortable and have nice support , and they lasted a very long time , i plan on making another order soon .
 The sneakers arrived in a timely fashion , as promised . They were exactly what my son wanted . They were priced reasonably.They were of high quality and true to size . Thank you , Amazon
 Alright well i am a size fourteen and i usually wear 4e shoes they say its a D size shoe but to me it feel like a 4e because it fits me quite swell . any way i got the cool green ones it fits perfectly i mean the best shoes i ever got . the only problem with the green ones is that when ever you use them it attracts a lot of dirt . A lot ! but all i do is spray Shout on them wait 5 minutes and then wipe it down with a damp cloth . but other than that they really have nice ankle protection , by the way there my first ankle tops i ever got and i am extremely glad i got them . i would and did recommend them to everyone . so get them the best 33 dollars i ever spent !
 it looks really cool and really comforible . everything on it is great except sometimes there will be some dirt that sticks to the dark black part in the front even if im not walking by dirt .
 A friend of mine recently has surgery on her heel to remove bone spurs . Her doctor told her that for the type of work that she does -LRB- on concrete 10 hrs a day -RRB- that the New balance was the best shoe that she could get to keep her feet from hurting . The doctor told her that the higher the number the better the shoe , so I bought a pair and my feet still hurt but there is a big difference between these and other name brands that I do not want to mention . I also , work on concrete and 10 to 11 hours a day . My feet , back and legs do n't hurt as much as they used too .
 After a little over a decade of not wearing them , I decided to buy a pair of boots . I looked at several brands , styles , etc. and finally picked these . As you can tell from the 5-star rating , I 'm glad I did.I never expected a pair of boots that cost me just over $ 100 to be what these have turned out to be . It took a few days of breaking them in , but these boots are now as comfortable as the moccasins I wear for house shoes . As a matter of fact , these may be the most comfortable boots I 've ever owned.And they look great ! I 've only had these for about 2 weeks and have already received several compliments on them . I wear them as a part of security uniform , so they 're dressy enough to wear on the town , but they 're also comfortable enough to wear for extended periods . They 're also well made and look like they 'll last for a very long time with proper care.As for sizing , I ordered my normal shoe size and they fit just like they should.Would I recommend these to my friends ? You bet I would . I 'd be very happy to let them know about this bargain .
 I 'm a boot guy . I love boots . I have wellingtons , motorcycle boots , hiking boots , Army boots ... I have had a pair of these boots for many years . Enough that I do n't remember exactly , but it 's at least seven . These are rough leather boots , so I ca n't say they look like new ; they have been rubbed to a rather shiny buff where the cuff of my jeans hits them , and they have acquired a very pleasing character with light abrasions and scratches here and there . But the leather has held up very well , with no cracks or splits in the very , very dry climate where I live . As the other reviewer said , they break in easily and are very good , comfortable boots . They are made in China , and are very inexepensive , but the quality would be more than satisfactory even if they cost twice as much ! I could hardly be more pleased !
 I finnaly found a good boot that is comfortable and looks great ... . Color is great . And I feel great wearing them
 I do not have this specific shoe but one close to it in style , material make-up and color . Based on the one I have which I have reviewed already I would definitely buy this shoe . I love that it is raised up at the toe area because it provides instant comfort without pinching the toe area . That extra heighth made it possible to fit well into an 8 and 1/2 when I usuially take a size 9 . I only gave it a # 4 because the soft part of the suede wears off in scuff places rather quickly .
 These shoes are very comfortable along with style and uniqueness . They run true to size so there 's no guesswork in trying to determine if they 're going to fit or not . The ribbon at the top makes them even more cute and it 's adjustible with your preference of tightness .
 This shoe is very comfortable and true to size . I bought the first pair for my son at a local store . I wore them once and decided I wanted a pair so I went on amazon and they were $ 10 cheaper with free shipping . I have a small foot so Ibought them in a kids size 4.5 which is the same as a womans 6.5 . I saved another $ 10 by doing that . I have bought 2 pairs now on amazon and love them both !!!
 Was very happy with the service and product . The shoes were as described and received as promised .
 I like the adidas +10.7 's because they are very light and durable and they are also very comfortable on the feet . You get very good traction , I have n't slipped for the time that i have had them they are great in wet and dry conditions . I would deffinatly recomend these for soccer .
 My son ordered these cleats -LRB- with my permission -RRB- after shopping around . He knew what he wanted , but he waited to find a reasonable price . The cleats arrived quickly in tip top condition . I am very satisfied with this purchase .
 they are really nice , they fit great but they are really thin so when you get stepped on you really feel it
 Very nice soccer shoes . Comfortable , good quality.The cleats are not changable . I suggest use it on grass or soft ground instead of hard ground .
 Excellent seller , everything developed with normality and the product is the original one and very but very well
 The shoe is light and very comfortable.It also has a sporty look.Although much of the sporty elastic gets hidden if you wear your jeans and then it looks like an ordinary shoe.But I like the comfort fit and light weight .
 Great skate shoes , my son loves these . These were cheaper than alot of the others and we do n't know why , they are GREAT sk8 shoes !
 LOVE THESE ! SO thankful for the good deal!I ca n't afford the prices of the others , but I was able to get Etnies for all 3 of my kids with this deal !
 I am usually very picky about what shoes i wear and it was my first time ordering them online and not having a option of trying them on , but i heard good things about this brand and model , so i gave it a shot , i have bad support in my feet and week ankles , these shoes look kinda big , but amazingly they are very very comfortable and have nice support , and they lasted a very long time , i plan on making another order soon .
 The sneakers arrived in a timely fashion , as promised . They were exactly what my son wanted . They were priced reasonably.They were of high quality and true to size . Thank you , Amazon
 Alright well i am a size fourteen and i usually wear 4e shoes they say its a D size shoe but to me it feel like a 4e because it fits me quite swell . any way i got the cool green ones it fits perfectly i mean the best shoes i ever got . the only problem with the green ones is that when ever you use them it attracts a lot of dirt . A lot ! but all i do is spray Shout on them wait 5 minutes and then wipe it down with a damp cloth . but other than that they really have nice ankle protection , by the way there my first ankle tops i ever got and i am extremely glad i got them . i would and did recommend them to everyone . so get them the best 33 dollars i ever spent !
 it looks really cool and really comforible . everything on it is great except sometimes there will be some dirt that sticks to the dark black part in the front even if im not walking by dirt .
 I have wide feet . I 'm hard to fit and I 'm hard on my footwear . These boots held up three times longer than other , much more expensive boots . I can stand on my feet all day in these and live to tell about it ! I am obese so this is a REAL issue for me ! Am currently looking for another pair to have as a back-up , I like them THAT much .
 I am usually very picky about what shoes i wear and it was my first time ordering them online and not having a option of trying them on , but i heard good things about this brand and model , so i gave it a shot , i have bad support in my feet and week ankles , these shoes look kinda big , but amazingly they are very very comfortable and have nice support , and they lasted a very long time , i plan on making another order soon .
 The sneakers arrived in a timely fashion , as promised . They were exactly what my son wanted . They were priced reasonably.They were of high quality and true to size . Thank you , Amazon
 Alright well i am a size fourteen and i usually wear 4e shoes they say its a D size shoe but to me it feel like a 4e because it fits me quite swell . any way i got the cool green ones it fits perfectly i mean the best shoes i ever got . the only problem with the green ones is that when ever you use them it attracts a lot of dirt . A lot ! but all i do is spray Shout on them wait 5 minutes and then wipe it down with a damp cloth . but other than that they really have nice ankle protection , by the way there my first ankle tops i ever got and i am extremely glad i got them . i would and did recommend them to everyone . so get them the best 33 dollars i ever spent !
 it looks really cool and really comforible . everything on it is great except sometimes there will be some dirt that sticks to the dark black part in the front even if im not walking by dirt .
 I am usually very picky about what shoes i wear and it was my first time ordering them online and not having a option of trying them on , but i heard good things about this brand and model , so i gave it a shot , i have bad support in my feet and week ankles , these shoes look kinda big , but amazingly they are very very comfortable and have nice support , and they lasted a very long time , i plan on making another order soon .
 The sneakers arrived in a timely fashion , as promised . They were exactly what my son wanted . They were priced reasonably.They were of high quality and true to size . Thank you , Amazon
 Alright well i am a size fourteen and i usually wear 4e shoes they say its a D size shoe but to me it feel like a 4e because it fits me quite swell . any way i got the cool green ones it fits perfectly i mean the best shoes i ever got . the only problem with the green ones is that when ever you use them it attracts a lot of dirt . A lot ! but all i do is spray Shout on them wait 5 minutes and then wipe it down with a damp cloth . but other than that they really have nice ankle protection , by the way there my first ankle tops i ever got and i am extremely glad i got them . i would and did recommend them to everyone . so get them the best 33 dollars i ever spent !
 it looks really cool and really comforible . everything on it is great except sometimes there will be some dirt that sticks to the dark black part in the front even if im not walking by dirt .
 I am usually very picky about what shoes i wear and it was my first time ordering them online and not having a option of trying them on , but i heard good things about this brand and model , so i gave it a shot , i have bad support in my feet and week ankles , these shoes look kinda big , but amazingly they are very very comfortable and have nice support , and they lasted a very long time , i plan on making another order soon .
 The sneakers arrived in a timely fashion , as promised . They were exactly what my son wanted . They were priced reasonably.They were of high quality and true to size . Thank you , Amazon
 Alright well i am a size fourteen and i usually wear 4e shoes they say its a D size shoe but to me it feel like a 4e because it fits me quite swell . any way i got the cool green ones it fits perfectly i mean the best shoes i ever got . the only problem with the green ones is that when ever you use them it attracts a lot of dirt . A lot ! but all i do is spray Shout on them wait 5 minutes and then wipe it down with a damp cloth . but other than that they really have nice ankle protection , by the way there my first ankle tops i ever got and i am extremely glad i got them . i would and did recommend them to everyone . so get them the best 33 dollars i ever spent !
 it looks really cool and really comforible . everything on it is great except sometimes there will be some dirt that sticks to the dark black part in the front even if im not walking by dirt .
 My 4 yr old son needed black shoes for a play he was in . I did n't want to buy dress shoes as he would not get any additional wear out of them . I opted for these black Converse . They were adorable , they fit him well - he is about a size 11 little kids but I ordered the 12 and they are fine with a bit of growing room . He calls them his &#34; Chucks &#34; and thinks he 's cool when he wears them ... well , he is pretty cool - he has worn them several times since the play so overall , it was a good purchase .
 I like the product very much . . The design and the quality is very good than expected . Size is perfect as per the chart mentioned
 They are nice shoes . I would buy them again . The quality and style is good . They have a nice selection of colors .
 Muy buen producto . Lo que esperaba.Lo recibi a tiempo . Ahora mi hija esta contenta.Lo que recibi fue lo mismo que vi en la PC .
 Excellent product and also delivered on time . I bought it for my son and he love it . The quality is very good and the color very vivid .
 My son loved his shoes mostly for the looks , but like most converse it 's not a very confortable shoe although he does n't mind wearing it
 He got a knock-off pair from Walmart last year . They were probably very similar quality and comfort to Converse but I decided since he wore them all the time , he needed a real pair when he moved up a size . I measured his foot and got the perfect size ! He could n't be happier .
 I bought these for my 18 month old daughter . They are adorable with tights ! She loves having these on . I 'd say they run a little big , but I 'm fine with that . It 's sometimes nice to have sneakers to put on her that she ca n't take off !
 Love this shoe for my baby.Another one to add to his collection of Chucks .
 I bought the red high tops for my 8 yr old daughter . She loves them ! They are a quality product that she wears with everything .
 Producto de muy buena calidad 100 % bueno Producto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % buenoProducto de muy buena calidad 100 % bueno
 My kid is in heaven with these new kicks ! He wears them with every outfit . They look great on him too . Thanks .
 I love love these shoes for my little toddler . They go with everything , and although they are slightly harder to put on being the higher tops ... worth it ! lol for me at least : -RRB-
 Producto excelente y buen estado entregado a tiempo y en condiciones &oacute;ptimas altamente recomendado el vendedor y con buena credibilidad
 I 'm very satisfied with this order ! Great shoes and got here in 2 days like it said they would . Would recommend to others !
 buen producto , enviado cuando se esperaba , con buena calidad y gran responsabilidad por parte del vendedor , recibido a tiempo en destino
 TENNIS CLASICAS PARA NI&N tilde ; OS O NI&N tilde ; AS , MUY BONITAS Y NO PASAN DE MODA , RECOMENDADAS ES UN MARCA MUY BONITA Y FAMOSA
 I SEND THEM TO MY GREAT NIECE IN LAS VEGAS AND SHE LOVES THEM , EVERYONE KNOWS THE QUALITY OF CONVERSE , I HAVE BEEN WEARING THEM SINCE I WAS A CHILD MYSELF .
 Excelente los tiempos de entrega , la ropa llego en buen estado . buenos vendedores , Excelente el producto los recomiendo para futuras compras
 Shoes were purchased for my grandson . He loved them and thought they were cool .
 Chcuk Taylors were the shoe when I was a kid , and still are . Great price and awesome shipping time .
 i 've a 4 years old daugther that love the pink color , so when she saw the shoes , never want to wear anything else . I think that she feel very confortable with her new Converse All Star . She make me remind my chilhood , when i use to wear my own .
 Three year old `` LOVES '' these shoes . Wants to wear them to bed.Arrived on time in perfect condition and the price was excellent .
 I Bought this shoes for my baby and they are great ... good choice and good buyer
 Converse Boy & Girl Chuck Taylor Hi-TopGood customer service , fast shipping high quality product
 I 've been looking for a great looking shoe that my toddler ca n't take off . These are perfect . Since they 're high tops , I lace them up all the way , double knot them , and I do n't have to worry about him losing a shoe in the store . The only problem with Chuck Taylors are that they 're somewhat difficult to put on my son 's wide feet . I can tell that they 're fine and comfortable once I put them on him , but I have to spend a lot of time loosening up and re-tightening the laces . I did go a size larger than my son 's normal shoe size because his feet are kind of wide , and they fit perfectly . Really , you ca n't go wrong with Chucks .
 My 2 1/2 year old LOVES these shoes ! And I think they are too cute !! Shoes are true to size . Perfect fit !
 These are the greatest little shoes for toddlers . I think it 's awesome they came out with them . The seller was great !
 this shoes are the cutes thing ever , i buy this in black and they are perfect cuz it matches with all , and my baby are happy .
 I ordered these shoes for my six year old son . I always bought him all different kind of shoes . Nikes , Reeboks , Pumas etc. . Now He wont wear anything else he LOVES these shoes . I Have bought them in all different colors so he has them to match everything . They are made well and seem to take the wear and tear of my son . Thanks for a great product . They are true to size and fit him perfectly .
 Shoes were on sale for almost nothing and I purchased them as a dog toy , My Husky puppy loves it
 These shoes are way hip and since they 're hightops , my kid ca n't kick them off in the carseat ! I have n't heard any complaints about comfort from him either . They have held up through two sons and are a little faded from frequent washing , but look all the cooler for it .
 Item arived on time and in perfect condition . My 9 year ols son loves converse and always has least one pair . They run a little big and i get them a 1/2 size smaller than what he usually wears .
 I bought this shoes for my daughter and they 're great . They fit really well and stay snug on her feet . Also , being high-tops they are hard for her to take off , which is awesome . They also seem very durable . I 'll be sure to buy bigger ones when she grows out of these ones .
 We are now a Chuck Taylor family ! Every one has a pair of these great sneakers and I highly recomend them to everyone ! Great quality , and the fact that they come in pink for my little princess is priceless !
 Beautiful quality shoes , perfect packaging . The size ran a little big but that is no big deal . Highly recommended .
 I buy my son black chucks every year . They are classic and cool and the price ca n't be beat . They run large so make sure you size down 1/2 size to a full size . They do not come in half sizes so my son who is a size 13 wears a 12 and they fit great .
 My son wanted these for basketball and it was hard finding them . Ordered them - got them in great time and he really enjoys wearing them .
 I loveee these shoes !! alot cheaper than in the store and fit perfect on my baby girls feet !! They are going to look great with her birthday outfit !! : -RRB-
 Bought these as a gift for my 6 year old great-niece . She was thrilled ! Great product , exactly as pictured . Thanks !
 these were purchased for my son . he said they are cool and nice . he like them . great puchase great shipping and ontime . thanks alot .
 I am usually very picky about what shoes i wear and it was my first time ordering them online and not having a option of trying them on , but i heard good things about this brand and model , so i gave it a shot , i have bad support in my feet and week ankles , these shoes look kinda big , but amazingly they are very very comfortable and have nice support , and they lasted a very long time , i plan on making another order soon .
 The sneakers arrived in a timely fashion , as promised . They were exactly what my son wanted . They were priced reasonably.They were of high quality and true to size . Thank you , Amazon
 Alright well i am a size fourteen and i usually wear 4e shoes they say its a D size shoe but to me it feel like a 4e because it fits me quite swell . any way i got the cool green ones it fits perfectly i mean the best shoes i ever got . the only problem with the green ones is that when ever you use them it attracts a lot of dirt . A lot ! but all i do is spray Shout on them wait 5 minutes and then wipe it down with a damp cloth . but other than that they really have nice ankle protection , by the way there my first ankle tops i ever got and i am extremely glad i got them . i would and did recommend them to everyone . so get them the best 33 dollars i ever spent !
 it looks really cool and really comforible . everything on it is great except sometimes there will be some dirt that sticks to the dark black part in the front even if im not walking by dirt .
 I stand/walk all day at work for 8-10 hours straight , so this shoe is totally comfortable . No break-in period needed . I 've had many people comment on the shoe and ask about it . I have a pair in black and navy and they go with anything . Higly recommend it for the price !
 I really like these boots - they 're cute and good quality , and the heel is n't too high . Unfortunately they 're way too big on me . I usually wear an 8 or 8.5 , and there were no 8 's available , so I ordered the 8.5 . They 're too big and I 'm returning them . Otherwise I would 've been very happy !
 Love this shoe , but like others have said - it runs a size too big . I typically wear a US 8 to 8.5 . I bought the UK6 -LRB- US8 -RRB- in this shoe , and it 's a whole size too big for my foot . I added insoles and wear thick socks to make do , but I was pretty surprised . I own several pairs of Docs and have never had a sizing problem . Otherwise , they 're rugged and weatherproof and generally very comfortable .
 Once again , I am a happy customer with another pair of Dr. Martens at a great price -LRB- I have NEVER paid full retail price for any of my Dr. Martens -RRB- . I just keep adding to my Dr. Marten collection and my feet and wallet are happy ! Thanks Amazon for a great selection of shoes !!
 I love this shoe except it run a whole size big . Comfortable and durable . But it is not true to the size . I am wearing a 7 and order a 7 . The package comes with a 7 . But after I try it on . It feel like 8 .
 The shoe is great - the vendor was not so great . I needed the shoe by a specific date ; the vendor did not confirm the order for days after I placed my order , they were unable to ship , called me - promised me a ship date , with an over-night delivery . I specified that I needed the shoe by a particular date , or needed to cancel -LRB- this after 8 days of waiting just to be shipped -RRB- . The product did n't ship until an even later date , was not overnight , and was NOT received by the needed date . However , I did finally receive the shoes and I love them !
 I love these shoes . They fit perfectly . The company was very cool about returns , easy and quick + free !
 I really liked the look of these shoes . They are solid and fairly heavy , but give a short person another inch of height . Unfortunately I needed a half size . This shoe only comes in whole sizes .
 This shoe has a thick platform and sole which makes it very comfortable , and is surprisingly light weight . The only problem I had with the shoe is that in the toe area it felt snug but in the heal area it feels loose . Otherwise it is a great shoe for almost any outfit .
 Shoes are about what works for you . These work . Light , lots of vents , and completed a half and a full w/o abnormal pain .
 GREAT SHOES ! BRAND NEW , RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX ! I LOVE THEM !
 Clarks is the only shoe I buy . I 'm on my feet 8 to 10 hours a day and they are the most comfortable shoe . Even new , I do n't have to take another pair to work in case these will hurt my feet . The price was also great .
 I must admit I probably would n't buy a shoe this good if it was n't 50 % + off . I 've put some miles in on a treadmill at the gym and outside on pavement . Very comfortable to run in , providing stable footing and extreme cushioning . They seem to be saving me from some of the normal knee and back pain I get running in my 4 yr old NB 's . Would be great for cross country , because the treads are somewhat knobby . Not too knobby to use on the treadmill so I 'd have to say they are a great all around running shoe and are A + for outdoors/x-country or winter running . The goretex weather proofing did n't make my feet too hot . Probably an overkill if you do n't plan to use them for running , the knobby tread can make you trip if you 're just walking , etc. . I have n't used them in bad weather but I would imagine they would be great for running in rain/snow/ice conditions . I purchased the size I normally wear and the fit was perfect . As tradition proves , Adidas are like New Balance in that they are a better fit for a wider foot .
 In general it is comfortable.One thing need to notice is that the actual size of the adidas shoes is a little smaller than marked . So you 'd better try one in local store and then buy it online for cheap prices .
 Great grip , cool rugged look , comfortable enough for regular winter use as well . Was about $ 80 when I got it though . Might not be the best option around for $ 130 +
 I bought these for a very good price on Amazon . They are very sturdy and keep my feet very warm in the rain . It 's not just for downpours ; even in situations where you 're walking across a wet field it will keep your foot warm and toasty instead of cold and damp . I generally use these as my cold weather shoes even if it is dry . They have great support .
 I bought these a couple of months ago and thus far they are my favorite shoe . Good for running , great for standing , very stable . They did at first seem kind of tight at the very front , but that 's probably for a more secure fit . If you 're somewhere between sizes , I 'd say go with the larger one .
 I bought the shoes for my nephew , and it 's really good . He would like them after I mail them out .
 I love these boots . Have n't worn them out of the house yet , but my initial impression is great . Love the textured leather . Love the reasonable but not flat heel . Fit true to size . Looks good with a skirt . Today the price is twice what I paid , or I 'd see if they have my size in black .
 I have to agree with the other review that said these are big around the calf . These are beautiful boots and I was very impressed with the quality , especially for the price -LRB- and are true to size ... do n't buy bigger -RRB- but if you have a narrow calf they might not be for you . They are quite wide and my calf kinda swims in them . If you have a wider calf , by all means , get these boots .
 i looked and looked for some riding boots and i love nine west . they fit great.they are exactly what i was looking for . they fit right under my knee , made of great quality leather , worth every penny . they also wear comfortable and look great . i might even get the black pair .
 This is the best boots I bought this winter . It is warm , comfortable . I wear it in cold weather . Love it !!! BTW , it does run small size ... I normally wear size 7.5 , but for this one , I need size 8 .
 I waited for these boots to go on sale the 1st of the year . Was worth every bit of the $ 59 I paid for them . Constantly get compliments on them ! Plus they are sooooooo comfortable to wear & they are not heavy on the foot !
 I have had foot problems for a number of years
 I was thoroughly happy with my purchase . These boots were a perfect fit -LRB- ture to size -RRB- . They went well with my skirts , mid calf dresses , and jeans . I would highly recommend purchasing these boots to my friends and others .
 I have been wanting a high pair of brown , leather boots for a while . I could n't find anything under 150 $ in the department stores that were well made . I saw these and thought I would try them out . I was not disapointed ! They are well made , comfortable and look very good ! Very classic and a great price .
 These are the best flip flops ever . They are so comfortable I can wear them all day .
 This shoe is very pink and fantastic . I love it . The jewels set the shoe apart from many others and give you the pizzazz your outfit was looking for . I ca n't wait to wear them . The shoe runs a bit small for Nine West . I should have order a half size up but otherwise the shoe is great . It is excellent to walk in and you are sure to get several compliments!Yay for shoes !
 GREAT SHOES ! BRAND NEW , RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX ! I LOVE THEM !
 Received these shoes the next day and had ordered them 2nd day ship . The shoes themselves are very elegant looking and very comfortable .
 I bought the bronze and 7,5 but I usually wear 7 . Fits to size , and is very comfortable.I was especially pleased with the price ; much less than other sites . if you need like these shoes You have to buy them , because it is definetly worth the money .
 It is a soft , black glittered suede open-toe shoe with simple lines ... no fuss ! These features makes this elegant shoe very versatile ... can be wore for any dress-up occasion as well as for work since the glittered appearance is very subtle.Truly a day to night wear that is comfortable . Highly recommended for ladies with a taste for simple elegance ...
 I am usually very picky about what shoes i wear and it was my first time ordering them online and not having a option of trying them on , but i heard good things about this brand and model , so i gave it a shot , i have bad support in my feet and week ankles , these shoes look kinda big , but amazingly they are very very comfortable and have nice support , and they lasted a very long time , i plan on making another order soon .
 The sneakers arrived in a timely fashion , as promised . They were exactly what my son wanted . They were priced reasonably.They were of high quality and true to size . Thank you , Amazon
 Alright well i am a size fourteen and i usually wear 4e shoes they say its a D size shoe but to me it feel like a 4e because it fits me quite swell . any way i got the cool green ones it fits perfectly i mean the best shoes i ever got . the only problem with the green ones is that when ever you use them it attracts a lot of dirt . A lot ! but all i do is spray Shout on them wait 5 minutes and then wipe it down with a damp cloth . but other than that they really have nice ankle protection , by the way there my first ankle tops i ever got and i am extremely glad i got them . i would and did recommend them to everyone . so get them the best 33 dollars i ever spent !
 it looks really cool and really comforible . everything on it is great except sometimes there will be some dirt that sticks to the dark black part in the front even if im not walking by dirt .
 I was n't really feeling the other colors that came out before the gray and reds . These are so hott and definitely a MUST HAVE . Do n't forget to throw on some jeans and a gray & red rocawear shirt and you 're good to go . ROC
 I have the Zebra print booties and they look smokin ' hot . They are small/snug fit . I generally wear a 5.5 - 6 and I purchased the size 6 which felt snug when I put them on although they loosened up upon wearing . They are high so I would not recommend wearing them to walk the city but if your going out and want lots of compliments , go for it !
 This shoe is very pink and fantastic . I love it . The jewels set the shoe apart from many others and give you the pizzazz your outfit was looking for . I ca n't wait to wear them . The shoe runs a bit small for Nine West . I should have order a half size up but otherwise the shoe is great . It is excellent to walk in and you are sure to get several compliments!Yay for shoes !
 When I got these shoes I was afraid that they were unconfortable , but to my surprise they were not ! They are just adorable shoes and they look oh-so-sexy too ! I truly recommend this product . HYPE makes really nice shoes .
 Looking for a boot with tasteful proportions was difficult until I found these . They 're rugged yet stylish . The only downside is a lack of cushion .
 i got these boots last year and i ride in all temps my feet are always warm they are holding up great i am planing to buy more work america products
 I bought these for my 82 year old cousin and she hasnt stopped wearing them . They are so comfortable , I 'm almost thinking of getting a pair for myself . They have a low heel ... almost nothing to be completely honest with you ... and the soul is rubber and easy on the foot . A great present for a senior citizen ...
 Great sandal , soft and comfortable . Easy walking shoes , no break in required . I have wide flat feet and they feel good all day .
 Good shoe for the price . Wide is quite wide . Back strap is flexible and elastic . Went with my off white beach wedding dress . Cleans pretty easily .
 These are the most comfy shoes I 've worn in a long time - love them !
 the shoes were nice but that brand 's ww was not wide enough - I returned the shoes but have yet to receive a refund .
 As a teacher , I need a comfortable shoe and this one works perfectly . On sale , a great buy !
 I / always / wear a size ten in women 's shoes . Order online all the time and tens for perfectly . Not in this shoe , had to return for an 11 , but they are cute for dress up and very comfy with the tall platform .
 Arrived when expected , these shoes are just what I wanted ! They fit well and look great with my outfit . Seeing as it is slightly difficult to find nice shoes in my size -LRB- 12 -RRB- it was nice to find these . Will likely be ordering more of this brand for that reason .
 These shoes were exactly what I was looking for ! Well made . They were a little tight , but because of the material they stretched nicely .
 I bought these shoes for my 17 year old daughter . They were `` perfect '' for her Cosplay outfit as the Anime character `` Panty '' who she dressed as for the Anime Boston Convention . Her only complaint was they did n't `` breathe '' enough for foot comfort as she wore them & walked all around the convention center for hours . But she still loves them !
 I bought these as a Christmas gift for a friend of mine . We both wear the same size shoes so when they came in i immediately tried them on and they were very tight . I ordered a 7 and had to return them for an 8 and i 'm still witing for them to be returned . As far as the product i do not know for sure because i sent them right back but they seemed to be of good quality . So i rate it at 4 stars for the sizing issue .
 I love these shoes ! They added to my new years eve outfit . I 'm soo glad that I used amazon.com to find them . Took me a long time of looking to finally find these shoes and at a great price .
 i purchased the pink glitter heels . i was SO happy when i got them , they look really good and are VERY glittery !!! i got them for a halloween costume . i would recommend them for anyone that has pink in their costume . they are suprisingly comfortable and easy to walk in . WAY HOT !!!!!!!!!!!
 El producto llego rapido , la calidad del producto llego en perfectas condicionse . Estoy muy contenta del servicio y definitivamente volveria a usar el servicio ... Gracias !!!
 These are well made , very sturdy if you have problems with thin heels . They could use a bit of padding in the shoe , the inside is quite hard , would definitely recommend some gel inserts or such type thing .
 The Shoes were quite comfortable and stylish . They went well with the costume that i had to go with them .
 I bought mine in colored black I love the design and style very comfortable shoes . I recommend if you are going to buy this shoes buy the exactly size of your feet . I always ware size 7.5 shoes but my feet are size 7 . I bought this shoes on size 7 and It 's perfectly fit .
 was a little worried about the sizing but the one i ordered fit just fine.this is a wonderful and sexy shoe , and very easy to walk in . the chunky heel is very forgiving and easy to balance in . with the platform being as thick as it is , it makes the shoe like walking in a 2 to 2 1/2 inch heel . great for beginners just learning to walk in heels , and perfect for extended wear . very easy on the feet . have worn this shoe for 9-10 hours at a time with very little effort . great buy for the money . would and will be ordering more of these in different colors .
 this product was perfect and very comfortable to walk in . i was nervous at first with online purchases but i have not regretted the purchase and would recomment amazon to all my friens and loved ones
 These shoes are better than I expected . They are adorable and decent enough quality , considering the price . They are a little tight in the toe and I have narrow feet , or so I thought . I went up a size since I fall on a half size normally . I would HIGHLY recommend that others do the same to make the toe more comfortable . Otherwise , they are easy enough to walk in , very cute , and fairly comfortable .
 Perfect for many costumes and not all that uncomfortable . Very happy with the product and price !
 I 've been wearing these for ages . They 're super sexy , but the sizes are a little weird . I 'm an 8 1/2 , I have to get the 9 -LRB- they do n't carry half sizes -RRB- , and they 're a bit big . Great BANG for the buck though ; -RRB-
 I loved the shoes . Unfortunately they do n't have half sizes so mine did n't fit and I had to send them back , so if you ca n't decide just go with a bigger size .
 This is a great pair of shoes and also fun to wear with a lot of compliments .
 These shoes are to die for . I ordered them at 7pm and they were on my door step at 3pm the next day ! Great fast shipping and amazing quality for what I paid .
 I LOVE disco , and these shoes really do complement any outfit . I was afraid that they would be difficult to walk in but they really are n't ! I also read the reviews that if you are a half size to just order the next size up -LRB- since there are no half sizes for this shoe -RRB- but I ordered a 6 , I am a 6 1/2 and it fits snugly -LRB- which is how the shoe is supposed to be -RRB- . Great product , I will probably be buying another one of these in pink soon !
 I hate you guys , seriously ! No , not the product ! The shoes are absolutely wonderful . No , no , I hate the people who reviewed these shoes.Why ? The majority of the reviews say to order smaller than you normally would if you are a half size . And , well , I did just that and the shoes do not fit ! I repeat
 As a crossdresser , it is extremely hard for me to find nice heels in a womens 13.5 that do n't look like old lady shoes ! These are fantastic , comfortable , and very sleek looking !
 I ordered 2 pair of these one for my wife and the other pair for ME ! My wife was a sexy beer girl and I was a French Maid !! as a man who has never worn high heels these were very comfortable ! In fact my wife kept teasing me that if they fit so well I should do some housework in them while in my French Maid outfit ! So since I 'm not the kind to turn down a challenge I did !! Lol . We both had a big laugh!These are a great product !!
 I was worried that the shoes would be an ill fit . When they arrived I found my worries were for nothing because the shoes were true to size , not too snug or loose . The material is good , and the heel is strong ! You do n't have to worry about it snapping off if you have to do a lot of moving around -LRB- which happened to a pair of costume shoes I bought from a different seller ! -RRB- they hold up fine . Highly recommended to break in the shoes before the event you plan to wear them for though otherwise you 'll be sore all day . :-RRB- Also as other people have mentioned if you are a half size I would suggest ordering a size UP instead of DOWN .
 I originally got a matte-finish pair about four years ago from another website the name of which I ca n't even remember . I wore them constantly and after three years they were showing it . I searched Amazon and lo and behold these came up -- identical except for the finish -LRB- I did prefer matte but could n't find it here -RRB- . These are extremely easy to walk in because the platform means your foot is really not under stress , and the heel , while high , is sturdy . Every time I wear them , with is pretty much every day except on weekends , I get told how awesome they are . I even wear them to work . They are just the right mary jane look with the height to make them sexy . The only thing I do n't like is that the shiny finish means you have to be careful not to scuff them -- but I learned that the hard way with the old pair , so I am with these . I 've had them almost a year and only managed to get a small scuff on them , and like I said I wear them virtually daily . Oh yes -- I ordered my size , 7 , and they fit fine .
 I am always a little sceptic about buying shoes online , but these fit great , are original , and look good ! I strongly recommend them .
 Got theses for My wife for a modeling job she had ... . She has tons of shoes that kill her feet and after shooting in for a few hours her feet were still feeling good ... . She is normally a 5.5 and She got a size 6 and they fit her just slightly loose . Shipping was fast and as expected
 The shoes arrived very quickly and the correct size . They are very comfortable despite being taller of a heel than I expected .
 I ordered a size 9-10 and the shoes I got were labeled size 10 . They were a little big , but I made them work . Super cute and fun shoe , my friends loved them .
 I really like those shoes , perfect for my Gothic Lolita 's outfit . Of course , they hurt after a few hours , but I already knew they would.Also , I usually need size 9 , and that 's the size I commanded those shoes , and they perfectly fit my feet , so do n't listen to people saying to buy one size higher . : -RRB-
 This shoe is a fun and flirty way to go out to the club or just for halloween , either way they are awesome .
 The shoes I got were the pink glitter ones . They were true to fit , perfect for my Halloween costume and very comfortable . I gave only 4 stars because they were a little stiff and the glitter caused some snags in my knee high stockings . Overall , highly recommended .
 MuCh more comfortable than they look . Everything old becomes new again . Platforms are in once more .
 very fast delivery , nice construction , duriable sole , nice sizing , very happy with my oder
 I love to go out and dress up with these shoes on ! They are pretty comfortable and fun !
 I was amazed at how comfortable these shoes are , they can be worn all day with out any foot pain . I bought a pair in silver and the material is more shiny than in the picture , which I was not crazy about . I am keeping them anyway because of how good they feel .
 I ordered these shoes on a whim , and they are the cutest most comfortable shoes I own . I get compliments on them all the time !
 These really are the most comfortable shoes i 've ever owned ... bordering on sneaker-comfortable . I still to this day can not believe how comfy these shoes are . I have two pair and am in the process of saving for my third pair . I do n't know what i 'll do if I wear mine out and ca n't get replacements . Bravo Anne Klein !!!
 This is a nearly perfect shoe . It fits well , is comfortable , and can be worn with many different colors . I would love to have more in additional colors .
 I love these shoes . Have n't gotten to wear them yet , but looking forward to it .
 Have owned these shoes since September of 2006 . I wear them probably twice a month and absolutely love them . I paid approx . $ 50 for them then and they are still going strong .
 This shoe is very pink and fantastic . I love it . The jewels set the shoe apart from many others and give you the pizzazz your outfit was looking for . I ca n't wait to wear them . The shoe runs a bit small for Nine West . I should have order a half size up but otherwise the shoe is great . It is excellent to walk in and you are sure to get several compliments!Yay for shoes !
 Perfect for many costumes and not all that uncomfortable . Very happy with the product and price !
 I 've been wearing these for ages . They 're super sexy , but the sizes are a little weird . I 'm an 8 1/2 , I have to get the 9 -LRB- they do n't carry half sizes -RRB- , and they 're a bit big . Great BANG for the buck though ; -RRB-
 I loved the shoes . Unfortunately they do n't have half sizes so mine did n't fit and I had to send them back , so if you ca n't decide just go with a bigger size .
 This is a great pair of shoes and also fun to wear with a lot of compliments .
 These shoes are to die for . I ordered them at 7pm and they were on my door step at 3pm the next day ! Great fast shipping and amazing quality for what I paid .
 I hate you guys , seriously ! No , not the product ! The shoes are absolutely wonderful . No , no , I hate the people who reviewed these shoes.Why ? The majority of the reviews say to order smaller than you normally would if you are a half size . And , well , I did just that and the shoes do not fit ! I repeat
 I LOVE disco , and these shoes really do complement any outfit . I was afraid that they would be difficult to walk in but they really are n't ! I also read the reviews that if you are a half size to just order the next size up -LRB- since there are no half sizes for this shoe -RRB- but I ordered a 6 , I am a 6 1/2 and it fits snugly -LRB- which is how the shoe is supposed to be -RRB- . Great product , I will probably be buying another one of these in pink soon !
 As a crossdresser , it is extremely hard for me to find nice heels in a womens 13.5 that do n't look like old lady shoes ! These are fantastic , comfortable , and very sleek looking !
 I ordered 2 pair of these one for my wife and the other pair for ME ! My wife was a sexy beer girl and I was a French Maid !! as a man who has never worn high heels these were very comfortable ! In fact my wife kept teasing me that if they fit so well I should do some housework in them while in my French Maid outfit ! So since I 'm not the kind to turn down a challenge I did !! Lol . We both had a big laugh!These are a great product !!
 I was worried that the shoes would be an ill fit . When they arrived I found my worries were for nothing because the shoes were true to size , not too snug or loose . The material is good , and the heel is strong ! You do n't have to worry about it snapping off if you have to do a lot of moving around -LRB- which happened to a pair of costume shoes I bought from a different seller ! -RRB- they hold up fine . Highly recommended to break in the shoes before the event you plan to wear them for though otherwise you 'll be sore all day . :-RRB- Also as other people have mentioned if you are a half size I would suggest ordering a size UP instead of DOWN .
 I originally got a matte-finish pair about four years ago from another website the name of which I ca n't even remember . I wore them constantly and after three years they were showing it . I searched Amazon and lo and behold these came up -- identical except for the finish -LRB- I did prefer matte but could n't find it here -RRB- . These are extremely easy to walk in because the platform means your foot is really not under stress , and the heel , while high , is sturdy . Every time I wear them , with is pretty much every day except on weekends , I get told how awesome they are . I even wear them to work . They are just the right mary jane look with the height to make them sexy . The only thing I do n't like is that the shiny finish means you have to be careful not to scuff them -- but I learned that the hard way with the old pair , so I am with these . I 've had them almost a year and only managed to get a small scuff on them , and like I said I wear them virtually daily . Oh yes -- I ordered my size , 7 , and they fit fine .
 I am always a little sceptic about buying shoes online , but these fit great , are original , and look good ! I strongly recommend them .
 Got theses for My wife for a modeling job she had ... . She has tons of shoes that kill her feet and after shooting in for a few hours her feet were still feeling good ... . She is normally a 5.5 and She got a size 6 and they fit her just slightly loose . Shipping was fast and as expected
 The shoes arrived very quickly and the correct size . They are very comfortable despite being taller of a heel than I expected .
 I ordered a size 9-10 and the shoes I got were labeled size 10 . They were a little big , but I made them work . Super cute and fun shoe , my friends loved them .
 I really like those shoes , perfect for my Gothic Lolita 's outfit . Of course , they hurt after a few hours , but I already knew they would.Also , I usually need size 9 , and that 's the size I commanded those shoes , and they perfectly fit my feet , so do n't listen to people saying to buy one size higher . : -RRB-
 This shoe is a fun and flirty way to go out to the club or just for halloween , either way they are awesome .
 The shoes I got were the pink glitter ones . They were true to fit , perfect for my Halloween costume and very comfortable . I gave only 4 stars because they were a little stiff and the glitter caused some snags in my knee high stockings . Overall , highly recommended .
 MuCh more comfortable than they look . Everything old becomes new again . Platforms are in once more .
 very fast delivery , nice construction , duriable sole , nice sizing , very happy with my oder
 I love to go out and dress up with these shoes on ! They are pretty comfortable and fun !
 I / always / wear a size ten in women 's shoes . Order online all the time and tens for perfectly . Not in this shoe , had to return for an 11 , but they are cute for dress up and very comfy with the tall platform .
 Arrived when expected , these shoes are just what I wanted ! They fit well and look great with my outfit . Seeing as it is slightly difficult to find nice shoes in my size -LRB- 12 -RRB- it was nice to find these . Will likely be ordering more of this brand for that reason .
 These shoes were exactly what I was looking for ! Well made . They were a little tight , but because of the material they stretched nicely .
 I bought these shoes for my 17 year old daughter . They were `` perfect '' for her Cosplay outfit as the Anime character `` Panty '' who she dressed as for the Anime Boston Convention . Her only complaint was they did n't `` breathe '' enough for foot comfort as she wore them & walked all around the convention center for hours . But she still loves them !
 I bought these as a Christmas gift for a friend of mine . We both wear the same size shoes so when they came in i immediately tried them on and they were very tight . I ordered a 7 and had to return them for an 8 and i 'm still witing for them to be returned . As far as the product i do not know for sure because i sent them right back but they seemed to be of good quality . So i rate it at 4 stars for the sizing issue .
 I love these shoes ! They added to my new years eve outfit . I 'm soo glad that I used amazon.com to find them . Took me a long time of looking to finally find these shoes and at a great price .
 i purchased the pink glitter heels . i was SO happy when i got them , they look really good and are VERY glittery !!! i got them for a halloween costume . i would recommend them for anyone that has pink in their costume . they are suprisingly comfortable and easy to walk in . WAY HOT !!!!!!!!!!!
 El producto llego rapido , la calidad del producto llego en perfectas condicionse . Estoy muy contenta del servicio y definitivamente volveria a usar el servicio ... Gracias !!!
 These are well made , very sturdy if you have problems with thin heels . They could use a bit of padding in the shoe , the inside is quite hard , would definitely recommend some gel inserts or such type thing .
 The Shoes were quite comfortable and stylish . They went well with the costume that i had to go with them .
 I bought mine in colored black I love the design and style very comfortable shoes . I recommend if you are going to buy this shoes buy the exactly size of your feet . I always ware size 7.5 shoes but my feet are size 7 . I bought this shoes on size 7 and It 's perfectly fit .
 was a little worried about the sizing but the one i ordered fit just fine.this is a wonderful and sexy shoe , and very easy to walk in . the chunky heel is very forgiving and easy to balance in . with the platform being as thick as it is , it makes the shoe like walking in a 2 to 2 1/2 inch heel . great for beginners just learning to walk in heels , and perfect for extended wear . very easy on the feet . have worn this shoe for 9-10 hours at a time with very little effort . great buy for the money . would and will be ordering more of these in different colors .
 this product was perfect and very comfortable to walk in . i was nervous at first with online purchases but i have not regretted the purchase and would recomment amazon to all my friens and loved ones
 These shoes are better than I expected . They are adorable and decent enough quality , considering the price . They are a little tight in the toe and I have narrow feet , or so I thought . I went up a size since I fall on a half size normally . I would HIGHLY recommend that others do the same to make the toe more comfortable . Otherwise , they are easy enough to walk in , very cute , and fairly comfortable .
 I 've had 3 pairs of these over the years . The first design was slightly different and the most comfy , but the newer design is still great . I am a prof dancer and have horrible feet . I can walk around NYC in these for awhile without a problem . Normally I wear the heck out of them , and they last for a summer and a half . It 's always been worth buying a sparkly new pair when I wear 'em out . They run true to size and my calloused and bunioned feet do n't pinch or squeeze .
 I 'm very satisfied with the Clark 's Coreen shoes . They are made of genuine leather and fit well . They are big compared to size . I usually wear 9 and I ordered 7.5 and they are just perfect .
 It was love at first sight when i saw these shoes and being a fan ofClarks Shoes , I knew they would be just perfect . Well , they are cute but they 're not quite as comfortable as my other Clarks . Buy them if you want cute shoes but dont buy them just for the comfort .
 I 'd say this shoe rack was pretty good for a bunch of flats , flip flops , thin heeled shoes , slippers , and for shoes you do n't wear often . I have thick heeled knee boots , thigh boots , chunky platform wedges , and a few sneakers and either I can only put one shoe in or putting 2 in is awkward . You also have to really squeeze the shoes in . Id say if you put 1 shoe in each slot you can hold about 15 pairs of shoes comfortably and after that it gets a bit awkward unless you have mostly flat small shoes , then you can fit 20 or more . As a shoe holder , I give it about a C - . But , it 's redeeming quality is that you will find something else to do with it that will make you love it.In spite of it being a so so shoe holder , I still think it is something everyone should have . I have to get a real shoe rack for my big shoes , but I am considering getting another one of these . You may ask why I would say this if i said it was a so so shoe rack . I say this because it is excellent for holding other accessories . It is a excellent thing to have for hat gloves and scarve sets for the winter , purses , shirts , shawls , belts , and whatever other odds and ends you have to strain to put in your dresser or closet . You can also put sheets , pillow cases , and towels in fairly comfortably . Id say it 's also pretty decent for taking on vacation or sleepovers for a few days because its easy to assemble and hang and is a good little closet substitute for traveling . For that reason I gave it a high rating . Now all they have to do is change the name so it does n't have shoe in the title and then everything is Ok w / this thing .
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 Comfortable , perfect - and shockingly easy to walk in . I wish this designer made more shoes with that small platform .
 Perfect for many costumes and not all that uncomfortable . Very happy with the product and price !
 I 've been wearing these for ages . They 're super sexy , but the sizes are a little weird . I 'm an 8 1/2 , I have to get the 9 -LRB- they do n't carry half sizes -RRB- , and they 're a bit big . Great BANG for the buck though ; -RRB-
 I loved the shoes . Unfortunately they do n't have half sizes so mine did n't fit and I had to send them back , so if you ca n't decide just go with a bigger size .
 This is a great pair of shoes and also fun to wear with a lot of compliments .
 These shoes are to die for . I ordered them at 7pm and they were on my door step at 3pm the next day ! Great fast shipping and amazing quality for what I paid .
 I LOVE disco , and these shoes really do complement any outfit . I was afraid that they would be difficult to walk in but they really are n't ! I also read the reviews that if you are a half size to just order the next size up -LRB- since there are no half sizes for this shoe -RRB- but I ordered a 6 , I am a 6 1/2 and it fits snugly -LRB- which is how the shoe is supposed to be -RRB- . Great product , I will probably be buying another one of these in pink soon !
 I hate you guys , seriously ! No , not the product ! The shoes are absolutely wonderful . No , no , I hate the people who reviewed these shoes.Why ? The majority of the reviews say to order smaller than you normally would if you are a half size . And , well , I did just that and the shoes do not fit ! I repeat
 As a crossdresser , it is extremely hard for me to find nice heels in a womens 13.5 that do n't look like old lady shoes ! These are fantastic , comfortable , and very sleek looking !
 I ordered 2 pair of these one for my wife and the other pair for ME ! My wife was a sexy beer girl and I was a French Maid !! as a man who has never worn high heels these were very comfortable ! In fact my wife kept teasing me that if they fit so well I should do some housework in them while in my French Maid outfit ! So since I 'm not the kind to turn down a challenge I did !! Lol . We both had a big laugh!These are a great product !!
 I was worried that the shoes would be an ill fit . When they arrived I found my worries were for nothing because the shoes were true to size , not too snug or loose . The material is good , and the heel is strong ! You do n't have to worry about it snapping off if you have to do a lot of moving around -LRB- which happened to a pair of costume shoes I bought from a different seller ! -RRB- they hold up fine . Highly recommended to break in the shoes before the event you plan to wear them for though otherwise you 'll be sore all day . :-RRB- Also as other people have mentioned if you are a half size I would suggest ordering a size UP instead of DOWN .
 I originally got a matte-finish pair about four years ago from another website the name of which I ca n't even remember . I wore them constantly and after three years they were showing it . I searched Amazon and lo and behold these came up -- identical except for the finish -LRB- I did prefer matte but could n't find it here -RRB- . These are extremely easy to walk in because the platform means your foot is really not under stress , and the heel , while high , is sturdy . Every time I wear them , with is pretty much every day except on weekends , I get told how awesome they are . I even wear them to work . They are just the right mary jane look with the height to make them sexy . The only thing I do n't like is that the shiny finish means you have to be careful not to scuff them -- but I learned that the hard way with the old pair , so I am with these . I 've had them almost a year and only managed to get a small scuff on them , and like I said I wear them virtually daily . Oh yes -- I ordered my size , 7 , and they fit fine .
 I am always a little sceptic about buying shoes online , but these fit great , are original , and look good ! I strongly recommend them .
 Got theses for My wife for a modeling job she had ... . She has tons of shoes that kill her feet and after shooting in for a few hours her feet were still feeling good ... . She is normally a 5.5 and She got a size 6 and they fit her just slightly loose . Shipping was fast and as expected
 The shoes arrived very quickly and the correct size . They are very comfortable despite being taller of a heel than I expected .
 I ordered a size 9-10 and the shoes I got were labeled size 10 . They were a little big , but I made them work . Super cute and fun shoe , my friends loved them .
 I really like those shoes , perfect for my Gothic Lolita 's outfit . Of course , they hurt after a few hours , but I already knew they would.Also , I usually need size 9 , and that 's the size I commanded those shoes , and they perfectly fit my feet , so do n't listen to people saying to buy one size higher . : -RRB-
 This shoe is a fun and flirty way to go out to the club or just for halloween , either way they are awesome .
 The shoes I got were the pink glitter ones . They were true to fit , perfect for my Halloween costume and very comfortable . I gave only 4 stars because they were a little stiff and the glitter caused some snags in my knee high stockings . Overall , highly recommended .
 MuCh more comfortable than they look . Everything old becomes new again . Platforms are in once more .
 very fast delivery , nice construction , duriable sole , nice sizing , very happy with my oder
 I love to go out and dress up with these shoes on ! They are pretty comfortable and fun !
 I / always / wear a size ten in women 's shoes . Order online all the time and tens for perfectly . Not in this shoe , had to return for an 11 , but they are cute for dress up and very comfy with the tall platform .
 Arrived when expected , these shoes are just what I wanted ! They fit well and look great with my outfit . Seeing as it is slightly difficult to find nice shoes in my size -LRB- 12 -RRB- it was nice to find these . Will likely be ordering more of this brand for that reason .
 These shoes were exactly what I was looking for ! Well made . They were a little tight , but because of the material they stretched nicely .
 I bought these shoes for my 17 year old daughter . They were `` perfect '' for her Cosplay outfit as the Anime character `` Panty '' who she dressed as for the Anime Boston Convention . Her only complaint was they did n't `` breathe '' enough for foot comfort as she wore them & walked all around the convention center for hours . But she still loves them !
 I bought these as a Christmas gift for a friend of mine . We both wear the same size shoes so when they came in i immediately tried them on and they were very tight . I ordered a 7 and had to return them for an 8 and i 'm still witing for them to be returned . As far as the product i do not know for sure because i sent them right back but they seemed to be of good quality . So i rate it at 4 stars for the sizing issue .
 I love these shoes ! They added to my new years eve outfit . I 'm soo glad that I used amazon.com to find them . Took me a long time of looking to finally find these shoes and at a great price .
 i purchased the pink glitter heels . i was SO happy when i got them , they look really good and are VERY glittery !!! i got them for a halloween costume . i would recommend them for anyone that has pink in their costume . they are suprisingly comfortable and easy to walk in . WAY HOT !!!!!!!!!!!
 El producto llego rapido , la calidad del producto llego en perfectas condicionse . Estoy muy contenta del servicio y definitivamente volveria a usar el servicio ... Gracias !!!
 These are well made , very sturdy if you have problems with thin heels . They could use a bit of padding in the shoe , the inside is quite hard , would definitely recommend some gel inserts or such type thing .
 The Shoes were quite comfortable and stylish . They went well with the costume that i had to go with them .
 I bought mine in colored black I love the design and style very comfortable shoes . I recommend if you are going to buy this shoes buy the exactly size of your feet . I always ware size 7.5 shoes but my feet are size 7 . I bought this shoes on size 7 and It 's perfectly fit .
 was a little worried about the sizing but the one i ordered fit just fine.this is a wonderful and sexy shoe , and very easy to walk in . the chunky heel is very forgiving and easy to balance in . with the platform being as thick as it is , it makes the shoe like walking in a 2 to 2 1/2 inch heel . great for beginners just learning to walk in heels , and perfect for extended wear . very easy on the feet . have worn this shoe for 9-10 hours at a time with very little effort . great buy for the money . would and will be ordering more of these in different colors .
 this product was perfect and very comfortable to walk in . i was nervous at first with online purchases but i have not regretted the purchase and would recomment amazon to all my friens and loved ones
 These shoes are better than I expected . They are adorable and decent enough quality , considering the price . They are a little tight in the toe and I have narrow feet , or so I thought . I went up a size since I fall on a half size normally . I would HIGHLY recommend that others do the same to make the toe more comfortable . Otherwise , they are easy enough to walk in , very cute , and fairly comfortable .
 I bought this shoe for a wedding , I was a bridesmaid and needed a silver sandal . It worked great , it was a garden wedding , so I was concern with the heel sinking into the dirt , it did n't to my joy . I was on my feet dancing throughout the night and never had an issue with discomfort . My only issue was the fact my feet kept sliding forward , but some inserts helped with that issue .
 I love this sandal ! I bought it to go to a wedding , and it was great ! Everyone liked it .
 Recently purchased at local running store . Great fit - snug in the heel and midsole area , and open toe box . They are fairly light so they would be good for training and racing . The sole structure keeps my feet balanced and cushioned.This is my second pair of Sauconys . My first was a heavier stabilization shoe for a flaring knee problem . The Trigon is a great ride .
 I am a shoe lover . I buy shoes every week and I really am happy I bought this one . I paid less for the looks and the quality . I agree that the size is smaller so I bought a bigger size and it fits really great . I just love the color , it 's soooo cool ... very summer . Tha 's why i got another pair !!!
 Most of my shoes and boots are from Nine West , I love they 're styles , every season they have the most up to the minute fashions , and they 're prices are ` nt too scary either . I got these boots for the coming winter , I live in New England , so I needed warm and comfortable boots , but I did ` nt want to compromise on style . I love these boots , I got the dark brown ones and so far I have worn them with jeans -LRB- under and over -RRB- and opaque tights and a short skirt , and they look amazing with both ! They are really warm and the sole is perfect for wearing in icy conditions . I ordered the normal width , but I would recommend to anyone with even slightly wide feet to go for the wide fitting , as I found them a little snug accross the middle of my foot . Other than that no complantins !!
 These boots are darling ! Cuff up or down , they look great and I always get compliments wearing them . The back zipper goes very low so they 're easy to tuck jeans into as well as to get on and off . The brown is very deep and rich looking . I bought a half size larger than normal thinking I 'd want to wear thick socks , and that was a good decision because there 's not much support in the foot bed .
 Boots arrived promptly and were better than expected . There is little to no arch support -LRB- hence the 4 star rating -RRB- and the shaft is wider than expected . The boots arrived very promptly .
 Very pleased with the quality and look of the boot . They were even nicer looking than the picture . Only suggestion , order 1/2 size smaller than your normal size . I also usually wear a narrow width and in this boot , the medium width fit well across the forefoot , but the heel was a little loose . A thicker sock solved the problem .
 These boots are great and comfortable and they are exactly as shown in the pictures provided . The craftsmanship is great . The boots were packaged very well and they arrived well in advance of their promissed date . Thanks .
 What can I say , they are comfortable . Easy to get on or off . Looks excellent with tights or with skinny jeans , which ever preferred . The color which I chose , Dark Brown , so rich and fall like . Definitely would recommend .
 These boots look good and are so amazingly comfortable . Love the full zipper in back and the `` pirate '' styling .
 I loved these boots , once you wear them in for a day or two they are sooo comfortable . They are a little loose from the back when you walk but very minimal , that 's why I did n't give them 5 stars . I would totally recommend these .
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 Women will understand this one ! I had a skirt and top , solid black with white polka dots for trim . The shoes were too cute and the price was right . They are darling and fit well . I could n't be more pleased . Now I have matching shoes for ONE OUTFIT !
 The shoes are a little smaller so order a size bigger . These shoes were n't made for long walks . I was in pain for a while after walking the strip in Las Vegas . They are cute and so fashionable . I love them .
 These shoes fit well , and are so cute . I really like them . They felt a little stiff at first , but wear great , and are very comfortable .
 I love these babies and i get lots of compliments ! But be warned -- they fit small , so get a size larger than you usually wear ! i had to return them to get a bigger size !
 I got a lot of compliments while wearing these shoes . There is some space at the back and it is high so my feet slides forward , i removed the straps so maybe thats why . it is a good buy but have a pair of slippers if it a long day , just in case .
 Tengo estos zapatos desde hace mas de 4 a & ntilde ; os ; los compre originalmente para cross training , y termine utilizandolos para casi todo , son comodos y duraderos . Una recomendaci&oacute;n , verifiquen su talla en un vendedor local de Columbia .
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 These shoes run extremely small ; I would suggest buying at least a half size larger than you would typically wear . They 're definitely not the most comfortable kicks I 've ever set foot in ... and as a matter of fact , they just might be the least ! But having said that , I love them ! I liked them on the computer screen , that 's obviously the reason I bought them ; however , I think they look even more sharp in person ! They are sweet !
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 I love this wallet . It hold everything from my big wallet , but can also fit my cell phone , keys , and a lip gloss . It can hang from my wrist so my hands are free to carry a child , and if I need a diaper bag , I just throw it in the pocket . LOVE IT !
 I first tried these shoes on in a Rockport store , but the price tag -LRB- $ 80 -RRB- kept me from purchasing a pair . When I found them again online at a lower price , I immediately ordered the neutral tan pair . They are my `` go to '' shoes for just about anything . Comfy for driving and office existence . I tend to only wear them on Fridays because the white sides seem a little athletic to me , but it works ok for jeans or khakis or casual skirts . These are ideal shopping shoes because they are completely comfortable and easy to slip on and off in fitting rooms . I wish the white part was not white since the contrast makes me less fond of the appearance of the shoe , but for fit this shoe gets FIVE STARS from me . And I am picky about these things . I think I can only point out two pairs of shoes I own that are as wonderful to wear as these . They are also very lightweight , which makes them great for traveling or keeping as a spare pair of shoes in your car or desk in case you want to do unplanned walking .
 This is the best shoe my wife has own in a long time . It 's very easy to slip-in and fit 's her very comfortably . The material is of high quality and my wife has been wearing it since I bought it , without any sign of wear and tear for more than 6 months now . She would not hesitate to purchase another pair of the same brand !
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 These shoes are so wonderfully made , extremely comfortable , and can be worn with anything from jeans to shorts . Love 'em !
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 This shoe is very comfortable but not for super long walks . I love the gum sole and the color scheme is hard to find , brown and pink . The suede is very soft and seems to be durable .
 Love the colors and the shoes . Great deal for the price . I little bit hard on my feet but overall a nice pair of brown and pink shoes . Not great for long walks .
 Very comfortable shoes and makes your legs look really long and sexy . I got rave reveiws .
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 Shoe is very cute and front platform offers some level of comfort . However , back heel is a bit too high . If shoe had been made an inch lower it would have been ideal , providing style and comfort in one .
 These shoes are very sexy . They have a high heel but it 's extremely sturdy . Also the angle of the shoe keeps the strap around the ankle from rubbing . The red color is really beautiful and will make a statement .
 I wore these shoes for my wedding this summer and Loved Them !! I was worried about being sore and I wore them ALL day . We had an outdoor ceremony and an indoor reception . I danced all night and forgot I was wearing heels !! Granted , I am already a heel wearer , so if you arent , I 'd wear them around the house to get used to them !
 The quality of the product was superb . The shoes are very comfortable and help relief my lower back pain .
 These shoes are awesome . They make my legs feel so good . There was not a break in time . Just felt great from out of the box . I recommend these to all who want an extra little something when doing your walking .
 These boots are great , I bought them to go with my halloween costume a while back and now I wear them every time I go out . Its been 7 months now and there still in great condition .
 By far , New Balance is the best sneaker manufacturer . I bought a pair of 715 sneakers 2 years ago , and they still fit great ! If you have slightly wide feet , you 'll appreciate the fit and style of these sneakers . Highly recommended .
 Yeay for New Balance . I have had these shoes for 4 years now and have worn them almost every day . They never faild me.Saddly , their undoing was an over zealous dryer which melted their souls!I am currently in the market for a new pair but am having dificulty finding a vendor who actually caries them ... P.S.I have norrow feet which these shoes fit just fine .
 I bought this boot about 3 years ago , and I absolutely love them . I have been contemplating getting another pair or having mine re-soled . I receive complements on them wherever I go , and they are the perfect height for my jeans . I would highly recommend these to anyone looking for a versatile boot . Mine are so broken in now , that I can wear them without socks and not get a blister .
 i actually bought these shoes on ebay a while ago but i thought i 'd write a review anyways . they are so cute on my feet and pretty comfortable . i get a lot of compliments too . a great buy : -RRB-
 By far , New Balance is the best sneaker manufacturer . I bought a pair of 715 sneakers 2 years ago , and they still fit great ! If you have slightly wide feet , you 'll appreciate the fit and style of these sneakers . Highly recommended .
 Yeay for New Balance . I have had these shoes for 4 years now and have worn them almost every day . They never faild me.Saddly , their undoing was an over zealous dryer which melted their souls!I am currently in the market for a new pair but am having dificulty finding a vendor who actually caries them ... P.S.I have norrow feet which these shoes fit just fine .
 Looking for a boot with tasteful proportions was difficult until I found these . They 're rugged yet stylish . The only downside is a lack of cushion .
 i got these boots last year and i ride in all temps my feet are always warm they are holding up great i am planing to buy more work america products
 Sandal is very good looking , leather is a little stiff so will require some breaking-in time . A very good value .
 These AK shoes are very beautiful . For the price I paid they are well worth it .
 These boots are great , I bought them to go with my halloween costume a while back and now I wear them every time I go out . Its been 7 months now and there still in great condition .
 After placing my order for these shoues , they arrived very soon.They 're comfortable -LRB- and ideal for me because I have diabetes ; the velcro allows you to adjust the tightness of the shoes -RRB- . Great traction on the bottom . Very nice looking . They appear to be well constructed and should last many years .
 I WAS NOT ABLE TO KEEP THE WALKING SHOE 'S , BECAUSE THEY SEEM TO BE RUNNING A BITNARROWER THAN MY OTHER BRAND OF WALKING SHOES . BUT I DO HIGHLY RECOMMEND THEM.I AM AT AN AGE THAT I PREFER VERY COMFORTABLE WIDTH , AND SUPPORT . LOVED THEVELCRO . KEEP UP THE GREAT PRODUCT , PROPET . SINCERE TRUTHFUL , DH
 Repeat purchase of this particular sneaker . Great support , true to size , and wears for a long time . Propet makes an excellent product and Amazon with the prime account ships it to you fast with no fuss .
 This is a wonderful shoe . I have always had trouble getting comfortable shoes but I really think these are great . The product description exactly matched what I received . The velcrose straps are perfect - I have had a lot of trouble in the past finding shoes with velcrose straps . I have undergone 3 spine surgeries and needed something comfortable that was easy to put on and do up . The shoes arrived in a timely manner and were clean and new . I have to do a lot of walking and have found these shoes to be the best I have experienced . I will definately purchase these again . Thanks for a great shoe !
 Love product . Quick service . Misled by color `` sport white . '' Assumed it was WHITE , turned out to be TANISH color . Had to keep as needed immediately . Otherwise , mostly happy .
 These shoes are wonderful walking shoes . True to size and needs very little break-in . High quality . Very comfortable . Only thing I do n't like is the tongue is a little `` high '' on by ankle , but I 'm getting used to that .
 The Propet Walkers with Velcro closure , are comfortable from the get-go . They do n't need breaking in.They give you stability with each step . The all white color is very clean - looking and the shoes are easy to clean . They come with a 6 month guarantee . You ca n't ask for much more from a shoe than this .
 Just got this shoe and it 's very comfortable , but it 's narrower than I expected . I got a medium , as usual , but it 's too tight -LRB- even without strapping them closed -RRB- so a wide would have been better . I 'm hoping it will stretch .
 These shoes a nice looking and feel good . I am diabetic and there is plenty of toes room . This also rest my legs which have been operated on because if bad circulation . I would recommend these shoes to anyone who has or does n't have leg and foot problems .
 The sneakers were very comfortable as soon as I put them on . I immediately went for a walk and they felt great . The velcro straps probably could be an eighth of an inch longer to allow for extra tightening , but the shoes looked smart and I received compliments . They seem to be well made and I would buy Propet sneakers again .
 Fabulous sneaker ! I have a hard time finding wide width shoes that fit properly and Propet makes the best of the best for comfort ! Good quality and reasonably priced .
 I really liked this shoe . I did not need to break it in . I used it for walking 4 miles and it was great . It is not heavy and feels very comfy .
 THIS WAS A GREAT BUY . I PURCHASED THESE FOR MY GRANDMOTHER . WE HAD A HARD TIME FINDING SHOES BECAUSE OF THE SWELLING IN HER FEET WHICH CAUSED HER TO BE UNBALANCED . WE TRIED NEW BALANCE AND OTHER BRANDS . WHEN SHE TRIED THESE ON SHE SAID THEY FEEL GOOD THE WIDTH COMFORT AND THE SOFTNESS OR THE SHOE AND ABLITY TO ADJUST THE STRAP WAS GREAT . NOT TO MENTION THE PRICE . I WOULD RECOMMEND THEM ESP FOR PEOPLE WITH FEET ISSUES
 I 've got these shoes in 10EEEE size for Grandma . Her feet and ankles swell with water . She has trouble finding socks that will fit , forget the shoes ! But these ones were different . She easily put her foot in , velcro opened all way up , and first thing she said
 This is my second pair of tour walkers . I find them supportive , comfortable , durable and best of all - - no more untied laces ! I recommend them . -LRB- there is a less rugged version of this shoe , at a lower price point , and I do NOT find it a suitable substitute -RRB-
 Best tennis shoes I 've ever worn . Easy shopping/finding what I wanted . No hassle shipping/paying . Shipped immediately and arrived on stated date . Will buy again .
 I recently tried to purchase the Propet Women 's W3902 Tour Walker Velcro from the store I previously purchased them from and was told they no longer carried this product . I searched and found them at Amazon.com - They have a very comfortable fit and are ideal for me . Best fitting Walker for the money . I love the velcro as it is so easy on and off . Love , Love , Love them .
 I bought these shoes for my mum . She has wide feet and has a hard time finding shoes that fit . This pair just made the grade .
 These are excellent shoes - I have purchased the Propet shoes before and they fit very well and are extremely comfortable .
 I got these shoe in black . Great fit and are very comfortable.Lady Darline
 A comfortable and convenient to slip on and off pair of shoes . A little bit plain in design . ` Nuff said .
 I have owned many pairs of this shoe . I have flat feet and bunions and these shoes fit my feet well and are so comfortable . I wash them in my washer and and air dry with a shoe form inside them . They are great !!!
 I absolutely wore my other pair out . I have wide , high arch feet and hard to fit.These are great walking shoes
 This is my second pair of Propet Walkers . I love the velcro closures and the support that these walkers provide . I 've never washed them but like the idea if I ever needed to .
 The shoes were easy to find , were just what we needed , and even arrived a week earlier than had been promised !
 Purchased for a nursing home resident who had totally worn out an exact pair . Perfect ! The resident was delighted ! Thank you .
 These shoes are the best walking shoe . The quality is excellent and always the same . Highly recommend these shoes . An added bonus is the fact that these shoes are quite water proof .
 I rate these with 5 stars because they always fit comfortably from the first day ; I got my first pair of Propet Tour wallkers about 6 years ago and have mainly kept to this style ever since for active walking outdoors . For me , they 're the best !
 I chose Prepet years ago as my everyday shoe . I discarded high heels and snug flats for what my young daughter once called &#34; old lady shoes &#34; . Well , I had begun developing bunions . It is a genetic thing in my family . Guess what?Wearing Propets was just what the doctor ordered . My bunion problem is minor compared to my mother who had to have surgery to cure hers . Ca n't beat that ! I attribute foot health to Prepet styling . Yes
 I have very flat feet and have to put arch support in my shoes or else I 'm in a lot of pain . After much searching and trying different brands , these are all I wear now . Theywear very good and stay nice looking .
 Because of my left ankle , I must replace shoes once a year . So far these have proven to be the best at giving my ankles the added support that they need . They look so nice and are so comfortable compared to many others . It would be nice if this company made sandles that give that added ankle support .
 I wear 7.5 wide in New Balance . I ordered the 7.5 wide in these , but they are too big . When I wear out these shoes , I 'll buy the size 7 . For now , I guess I have to wear thick socks . Otherwise , they seem pretty comfy .
 This is a good , comfortable sturdy shoe . And it is true to size . I ordered mine a little too big , but since I wear orthodics and with a thick sock , it is OK . I bought it purposely for the winter , so I am glad it has solid groovy soles . It came on time in a box . No problems with shipping . I would recommend this shoe to a friend .
 I love these shoes because they have Velcro straps and are easy to take on and off . They come in wide sizes and are very comfortable
 The quality of this model is much better than their previous Propet Walker -LRB- which was very good -RRB- . My Aunt loves the shoe and its ease of wearing.Amazon 's delivery time was even better than promised.I do wish that a 6.5 C was available .
 This is my second pair of Propet women 's W3902 tour walker velcro sneaker purchased from Amazon . My feet feel so much better after wearing them and the velcro makes it easier than tying because of my hip situation . I would recommend these highly and the price and free shipping is great on your budget .
 THIS IS MY 4TH PURCHASE OF THIS SHOE STYLE . USUALLY THERE IS A NEW SHOE BREAK IN PERIOD BUT WITH THIS SHOE IT 'S COMFORTABLE FROM THE FIRST WEARING UP TO THE FINAL WEARING . I 'M SURE I 'VE PUT MORE THAN THE 1000 MILE GUARANTEE ON EACH OF THE PREVIOUS PAIRS BUT I LIKE THAT THERE IS A WARRANTY ON THE SHOES . AND THE PRICE IS GREAT TOO !
 The shoe itself is comfortable for my long walks and the velcro allows me to make quick adjustments that prevent me from making the shoe too tight .
 I love the shoes , I am a diabetic who has a job that requires a lot of standing and walking . The other reviewrs comments are true and I have to say I was quite surprise with the card that came with the shoes , a warranty ! Anyway they are comfortable even though it looks kind of stiff . Love the style and colors . Going to buy another pair but black . Looking for shoe would highly recommend this product .
 My mom has really wide arthritic feet . She has arthritis in her ankles , feet , knees , 1 hip , and lower spine . I ordered these shoes for her , after trying a large variety -LRB- about 10 other pairs -RRB- of shoes . None of the other styles we tried fit . She either could n't get her foot in , or , in the case of ankle boot styles , they would n't close around her ankles . These were a last resort because she does n't like the tennis shoe look -LRB- she 's 72 -RRB- . Nevertheless , these fit ! Hooray ! They are comfortable and stable . The velcro can be adjusted to different widths . Totally worth the money and true to size !
 I have owned Propet Walkers before . There is nothing like them for comfort and durability . I highly recomend these shows .
 As a nurse at a large and extremely busy hospital Australia , I am extremely happy with my Propet shoes . When I was ordering them I thought `` Well they are not that expensive I can throw them away -LRB- 1 -RRB- if they do n't fit , -LRB- 2 -RRB- if they are tooooooooooo uncomfortable '' . Imagine to my surprise they are both the best fit and most comfortable shoes to wear to work . I will be ordering more . Many thanks to Amazon and Propet shoes . I have also told all my friends about them at the hospital.JanAustrtalia
 I read all the reviews on Amazon 's website about these sneakers and I looked forward to receiving them . Based on the similar shoes I 've had for some time I ordered the same size I 've been wearing . However , these shoes are a little narrower across the toe and they squeezed a little , so back they went ! I would rather have been able to just exchange than to refund and reorder , but I guess Amazon has some reason for that policy . I 'll try again with a half size larger , I guess , although I have n't reordered yet .
 I have bought Propet shoes for years , this is the first of this style I have tried and I have found they are just as good as the others . Propet shoes are comfortable , give good support and last a long time . They are well worth the price .
 These work perfectly for me , I wear 8.5 XW , have a wide foot with problems from wearing heels all my life.These are perfect for me to add a sock if I want , the velcro is good for me to adjust if my feet are puffy . Getting a pair for my mother at this price .
 I love these shoes . This is my third pair . Each time I order them , they fit great and provide excellent support .
 We have purchased this same shoe for our handicapped adult daughter for years . They have served her well . However , today while travelling to Florida in the rain she complained of a wet sock . We checked her shoe and the bottom had broken into a 3 inch crack . Very disappointing since they were fairly new .
 Have been purchasing Propet products for 2 years now - Love them . Sturdy , comfortable and long lasting . Only grief I have had is the stitches coming loose in the toe area . Very stable when walking . This particular style gets only 4 stars because the tongue seems to ride too high up on the top of the foot , rubbing a bit ; annoying but not to the point of discomfort.Will continue to use Propet as my official work shoe .
 They were what I was expecting . The shoes works well for my older grandma at 93 .
 I bought these for my 93 year old aunt who was being moved from a nursing home to assisted living . She has had problems with swelling in her feet and ankles and needs extra wide shoes . The velcro makes it easy for her to put them on and off , they give good support when she walks with her walker , and she says they feel good .
 I love these sneakers . I wear them walking every day and so far they have n't broken down . I do n't know if they will last a 1,000 miles or not though . If they will just last 6 months , I will be happy ! They are really comfortable and have good toe room but do order wide size if you need the extra width . I ordered some New Balance sneakers at same time I ordered these and they were double the price but I like these much better and the New Balance which were also ordered in wide was just a little too tight in toes . These feel good and you feel like you are just bouncing right along . I wish the straps were just a tad longer but I would n't change them for strings though . A really nice pair of shoes and I 'm getting ready to order another pair for spares !
 I wear a half-size smaller because these shoes come in wide sizes -LRB- i.e they fit -RRB- ! I 'm curious to see how long they will last as they are guaranteed for 1000 miles . Very attractive and comfortable , and reasonably priced . I recommend the quick-adjust velcro for anyone who walks before or after work , or at lunch , or who takes shoes on & off throughout the day .
 This particular style of Propet sneakers is great . I wear them all the time . They are light as a feather on your feet and the velcro tabs are great .
 I have flexible flat feet and tend to pronate . While this shoe is not as good as Brooks Addiction , it is lighter and moves more easily . I only wish I had known it was available in narrow width . I expect that would have made it an even better fit and more help with my pronation problem . It does accept my custom orthotics . I ordered a pair for my mother as well as myself and she loves hers . She has serious mobility problems but these shoes in her narrow width and size 10 make walking much more stable and safe for her . We will certainly order them again . They look good too !
 This is the second pair of this particular shoe I have bought . Roomy and comfortable , and easy on a painful back . Over the last couple of years , the shoes I have picked to buy have been Propet . I did n't try to buy Propet , but they have turned out that way .
 This is a good utility shoe I work on my feet all day and that is what I got them for but I will not ware them for fun . If they hold up I will buy another pair for work .
 I love these shoes . This is the 5th pair i 've bought over the past 3 years . They are wonderful for hiking and very quick and easy to put on . I would highly reccomend them to everyone .
 My Grandma asked me to find a great deal on Propet shoes for her . She has used Propet for many years , mainly because of the ease of the velcro straps and the good support it offers to use with her leg brace . . -LRB- she had a stroke many years ago -RRB- . This is the only shoe my Grandma will purchase and the ones she has last quite some time ... they withstand her unsteady transfers and moving herself about in her wheelchair constantly . Would definitely recommend this shoe to people looking for those qualities .
 This is a quality lightweight shoe . I think you 'd have a hard time finding a shoe of this type , as well made , at any price range . Very comfortable , very stylish .
 If you suffer from plantar faciitis -- these are the shoe for you . Do n't wait until your foot hurts to badly that you can barely walk , like I did . I had to go slowly once I got the shoes to allow the foot to continue healing , but they are definitely part of the process . I like them so much that now I ppurchased a pair of snow boots from the same company because it is important to always now wear footwear that has some orthotic support , otherwise the progress you make is undermined by wearing improper shoes/boots .
 Looking for a boot with tasteful proportions was difficult until I found these . They 're rugged yet stylish . The only downside is a lack of cushion .
 i got these boots last year and i ride in all temps my feet are always warm they are holding up great i am planing to buy more work america products
 This is a great shoe ! It makes your feet look and feel good . I thought it might be a tad uncomfortable , well I was wrong . I wore them to a NFL Football game and walked all over the stadium w/o any problems . Another plus is when you wear this shoe you are sure to get some compliments ! I did not give it five stars because I thought it ran a little small .
 Thongs are absolutely beautiful ! I purchased wedges as a gift for a friend . A lady ca n't have too many pink shoes .
 One of the most comfortable pair of shoes -LRB- with a heel -RRB- I 've purchased in a long time !
 I LOVE THESE SHOES ! I spend the majority of my working day running around getting things done . I gave up wearing heels to work ages ago and have been on the hunt for really stylish , comfortable flats to compliment my suits . These are not only cute , but I feel as if I 'm not wearing shoes at all -- they actually feel like house slippers ! A little more cushion or arch support would be nice , but it 's nothing inserts ca n't handle . They are well worth the price .
 My wife says these shoes rock . `` With the bumpy things under your feet , it 's almost like you 're getting a very rough massage all day long . . and I like it rough . . ''
 I 've always wanted a pair of these and finally bought myself a pair . The first day takes a bit to get used to - if the bumps are too hard on your feet -LRB- my feet are pretty sensitive -RRB- try wearing them with socks for a day or two.When I took them off after the first day my feet felt like I had just had a massage and were super smooth and rejuvenated.Love em !
 After standing on concrete for 10 hours these take my pain away at the end of my shift . I always slip into these after work . I have to wear them with socks though .
 They were on backorder for a few months because I guess they are popular , but I finally ordered them in my size . My boyfriend was shocked how cool they were haha
 these shoes ar great , they are comfortable and they look great . the price was just as wonderful . amazon has suc great deals .
 I love this sandal . I have very bad feet and I need comfort . This sandal did require a day or two but my feet adjusted well and I wear them all the time .
 I LOVE these slippers ! Although ... they could be a little harder . : PI used to own a pair of massage slippers just like these , but from Korea . The nubs were a bit more firm , and therefore provided a much better , deeper massage for the feet.Of course , at first hard nubs might hurt , but after a while -LRB- just like any massage -RRB- , you adjust to it , and your muscles get nicely kneeded , and then all you have is amazing comfort.These are n't bad though ... they still massage!I would n't trade these for anything :P -LRB- well , except maybe an Asian pair ... they 're not so tender-footed -RRB-
 I got my Adidas Adissage WHT/PNK sandals in record time . I was able to take them on my trip with me as intended . Also , the price was the best that I had seen on the internet .
 Looking for a boot with tasteful proportions was difficult until I found these . They 're rugged yet stylish . The only downside is a lack of cushion .
 i got these boots last year and i ride in all temps my feet are always warm they are holding up great i am planing to buy more work america products
 Looking for a boot with tasteful proportions was difficult until I found these . They 're rugged yet stylish . The only downside is a lack of cushion .
 i got these boots last year and i ride in all temps my feet are always warm they are holding up great i am planing to buy more work america products
 I was in a business travel for only 3 days and some inconvenient had to change to a different hotel.I had to cancel one order and creat a new one without any extra charge to my credit card.Customer Service was GREAT , get in contact with me asap for every inquiries I 've made and treat me as if I were the only customer they handle.THANK YOU !!!
 This shoe is really cute . Lengthwise it fits perfectly , unfortunately I have a wide foot and it 's very snug and leaves a mark on the sides of my feet . I 'll still wear it , though !
 Love the shoes . I have this shoe in 5 colors . When I wanted a third WHITE pair could not find them on line at J. C. Penney 's as I have in the past and could not find the white shoes on line at Easy Spirit . Amazon directed me to Shoemall.com where they had this shoe in about 18 different colors . Thank you Amazon !
 I got these for my 93 year old mother who still walks for exercise . She has an extremely hard to find shoe size -LRB- 8 AAAA -RRB- and this is almost the only shoe made in that size any more so we are lucky to be able to buy it for her . She has these in several colors and finds them comfortable to wear every day , all day .
 Love these shoes - could not find them in ther stores in my area . They hae every color but white . Have a pair but they are really old and wanted a pair that looked nicer . The shoes are comfortable and they look a little more dressy than the normal tennis shoe . Paid a little more than the price at our stores but , they are worth the extra cost .
 I love Easy Spirit walking shoes . They are n't a sneaker and do n't look like one but that is what they feel like - very comfortable !
 I love these shoes . I work in a place that has a professional dress code and I ca n't wear sneakers or shower type shoes . Recently my company instituted a fitness/walking program of 10,000 steps a day . The floors in my building are hard stone/granite and can be slippery when the humidity is high , so I needed a shoe with a rubber sole , looked professional and gave support and comfort ... this shoe fit the ticket . The shoes are comfortable , very lightweight , well constructed and good value for my money . I would recommend them to anyone who walks or are on their feet a large percentage of the day.I 'm thinking of getting another pair in an alternative color . I have seen these shoes in various mail order catalogs for about $ 10.00 more than from Amazon -LRB- and the vendor -RRB- .
 I love these shoes . Have been wearing them for years and hope Easy Spirit does not EVER stop making them ! Great support for tired feet !
 I have a very narrow foot and I need shoes that I can put an orthotic in . Easy spirits work well for me . I love this color . It gives me a lift and I do n't feel quite as dowdy as usual !
 FOR ME , THE EASY SPIRT `` MOTION '' SHOE IS T_H_E PERFECT SHOE . I am unable to wear heels , -LRB- long story -RRB- -- but these shoes , which lace up as in any true oxford , have a streamlined look that many other oxford shoes today , burdened as they are with extra outside padding , do not . The result is , that this is indeed a SLIM , WALKING shoe , not a bulky sports shoe . It is as neat and pretty as any woman 's oxford shoe can be.This is a very , very comfortable shoe . It is not quite accurate to say it is like walking on air -- but it IS as comortable as a shoe can be , I believe , without going to the expense of custom-made shoes.When a shoe comes in many , many colours , you KNOW it has to be a GOOD shoe . Because so many people are buying it , the manufacturer can afford to branch out and make it in many different colours . For a very long time , I happily wore the WHITE color of this shoe , whilst my mom wore the WHEAT colour . We were both very happy with them!Then , I saw in a well-known catalogue , that they are available from the store associated with that catalogue , -LRB- on special order only -RRB- , in G O L D colour ! And not just a `` goldEN '' colour -- but a true , gold foil colour ! And at the same price as all the other colours ! All that `` special ordering '' the gold -LRB- foil -RRB- shoes , was to wait a few weeks longer.I have now worn the -LRB- shiny ! -RRB- gold -LRB- foil -RRB- colour of Easy Spirit `` Motion '' shoes for a few years . I have gotten several very nice complimnts on them as well ! And no wonder -- they look almost like golden-colour `` bronzedd '' baby shoes , or , are somewhat similar to the sheen in Princess Elizabeth and Princess Margaret 's flat pumps , in the famous `` double negative '' picture , by Marcus Adams -- taken in Buckingham Palace , with their mother , father , and corgi dog . The picture is in black and white , so I have no idea if the Princesses wore gold or silver pumps in it . But -- the foil-bright SHINE is the same ! In the words of the classic song ... '' Oh ... dem golden slippers ... ! ''
 This is a wonderful shoe . I had a hard time finding it until I went to Amazon and there it was . They are so comfortable and I feel safe in them as there is good support .
 I love my Easy Spirit Women 's Motion Fitness Casual Crocs . My feet are grateful for the caressing of these shoes . I no longer need to hurry home as I have comfort for the day . Thank you !!
 I have used Easy Spirit when I show my dogs for several years . They are light weight and have good traction when moving my dog . I wore my last pair for several years until my new puppy chewed them .
 These are the most comfortable shoes ever made and they look very conservative . I have them in several colors because they look good with slacks or skirts . They hold up well with everyday use and are lightweight so they pack well . If you try one pair , you keep coming back to them for your basic wardrobe .
 I purchased these shoes to wear for casual wear with my jeans when I did not want to wear my regular walking shoes . They are cute , stylish and comfortable for everyday wear , not recommended for heavy walking .
 I have had over 10 pairs of easy spirit shoes and have these in two colours . I have high insteps , high arches and hammertoes ... and these are still comfortable . The support is not as good as in their running and training shoes , yet plenty good for walking long distances and taking public transport daily .
 I got this pair of Easy Spirit shoes to replace my previous pair of Easy Spirit lace-ups , which had been my favorite pair of casual shoes for the past 15-20 years -LRB- I know , hard to believe they lasted that long - Easy Spirit is a great brand ! -RRB- . My new brown leather lace-ups are well-made , stylish , and very comfortable . If you 're looking for sharp-looking shoes that are easy on the feet for long periods of wear , I 'd say go for these !
 I have bought Easy Spirit shoes for years , so I knew the quality of this product . I was not disappointed . Shoes arrived in reasonable time , in perfect condition . Color and size as requested . Only wish I could get some other colors at this GREAT rate !
 I have been wearing this style for years at work where I am always on my feet . I was unable to find them at the Easy Spirit outlet but got them here no problem
 I LIKE THESE SHOES THE STYLE AND WEAR IS VERY COMFORTING . THEY CAN BE DRESS DOWN AND UP IN WHAT EVER YOU WEAR .
 These shoes are one of the most comfortable I have ever worn . They hold up very well . I have been buying them for years . It was great to find them on line because not every store carries them . I do n't know why .
 This is the third pair of Easy Spirit Motion shoes I 've bought . They are so comfortable and support my feet . I wear them to work and they look great with slacks . These shoes are very sturdy and well made as well as comfortable . I heard that Easy Spirit is discontinuing this style . I hope it is n't so !
 I have had several pair of these in the last 25 years or so . These are so comfy , no break in time required . I 'd like to see more fashion colors , though . I 'd love to have pairs in turquoise , bright yellow , orange , kelly green , hot pink , etc. . I wear these with slacks and tailored skirts , even certain dresses . They are very soft and comfy , durable , and make your foot look very small . I ca n't recommend them strongly enough to anyone who needs to be on thier feet a great deal , or who has foot problems , or who simply wants a sturdy-but-stylish walking shoe .
 My 94 year old Mom loves these shoes and they are almost impossible to find in the store . She as several colors of this style . Her feet are now smaller so we needed to adjust the size . Could not find them in regular stores . Mom loves the comforrable fit and they are safe for her to wear .
 I have worn Easy spirit Women 's shoes for years and they are really a good shoe.Gives good support and always fits well .
 Easy Spirit Women 's Motion Sport Lace UpThese are comfortable , casual shoes . They look dressier than most sport walking shoes and look good with better quality pants . However , I would not wear them to an exercise class .
 I have a difficult time finding shoes that will work for me . Most stores do not carry fashionable women 's shoes in wide widths . I am enjoying this pair of Easy Spirit Shoes in the color red . I would purchase these again without hesitation .
 Like all Easy Spirit shoes , this pair was well-made . I had to return the pair because the shoe was too small . Although I wear a 6.5 in other Easy Spirit styles , this shoe was too short . You may want to order a half-size larger if you order this style .
 The shoes were perfect but my Mother needed a 9.5 N and the shoe came in as a 9N and I had to return it . It cost me $ 15.00 to return the shoe and I wanted the right size but I received the credit for the shoes only on my credit card but not for the shipping either way ! So I was n't happy and probably wo n't use this service again.Thanks , kathy
 My feet are hard to fit , but I find this shoe comfortable and it provides good support . I 'm glad it is still available .
 I used to buy these shoes 15 years ago -- their quality has not changed . Still a good fit & made very well .
 I wanted a pair of comfortable walking shoes to use on a trip . I frankly hate the clunky , chunky , clumsy Frankenstein-like clodhoppers that seem to be ubiquitous in every store I visited looking for a simple fashionable walking shoe.I did n't think `` fashionable '' and `` comfortable '' were mutually exclusive ! I finally found these Easy Spirit shoes , and they were exactly what I was looking for.Easy Spirit shoes are light , airy , comfortable and go perfectly with jeans or chinos . They are water-resistant as well , so I had no worries about wearing them in rainy weather either . Love 'em .
 This is a great shoe for me . It is light weight yet supportive . It looks dressier than I expected , which I am very pleased about .
 These are the most comfortable shoes if you are on your feet all day . They look good and fit so well .
 I love these shoes , well made , comfortable and nice looking . I expect them to last me a good long time .
 Like all Easy Spirit Shoes , these are great . Order arrived a few days after placing the order . High quality shoes at a great price .
 I know I wear these shoes more often than I should , there are days when I should probably wear dressier shoes , but I wear one of my pairs of Easy Spirit Motions Sport Lace-ups everyday because they are so comfortable . They seem quite durable too .
 The shoe runs narrow . The inside label says both &#34; B &#34; and &#34; D &#34; , B is printed on top of a line and D is printed underneath . I do n't know what that means , I ordered D width , but they seem to be a B width by appearance . HOWEVER , they are very comfortable anyway on my wide feet ! They are well-made and quite attractive , I can wear them with nice dresses/skirts . I am going to order more .
 OK . I have been wearing this style of shoes for decades . Decades ! You do n't go back time and again to buy a shoe that is n't comfortable , long wearing , and a good value.One reason I keep coming back to this style of shoe is it looks very nice and neat . It does n't look weird . So many shoes look just awful and I ca n't imagine how anyone could wear them . I call them chunky-clunks as they do n't look feminine in the least.These shoes come in many colors -LRB- I usually buy a neutral color -RRB- and everyone should be able to find a color they like . I 've worn them in the rain and have had no trouble with them -LRB- not talking about floods here . -RRB- All in all , I recommend this style of shoes .
 A great fit . Comfortable . Easy care.Con
 I have worn this style of Easy Spirit shoe for many years . I 'm so thankful that it has n't chaged . It 's stylish , yet very comfortable and gives my feet excellent support . I thoroughly recommend it .
 Having been an Easy Spirit fan for many years , I 'm always looking for less-than-full price shoes . These `` Motion '' have been a consistently good buy , a great value shoe that holds up well , comfortable , polishes like new , and never separates at the seams . I wear the newest ones for outings , the older ones for around the house , the oldest ones for the garden . But I always watch for when they go for less than full price ... because I know I will get great , consistent shoes .
 My order was processed and shipped in amazing time . Thanks so much for your 5 Star Service
 I brought this for my Mother . She loves the shoes . This is the only place I could get them . Her Christmas was made by receiving this product .
 I found these to be a perfect fit . They are very comfortable and great for those long shopping trips . Look very nice with both casual dress and jeans .
 Finding these shoes on Amazon were like winning the grand prize in a raffle.My mother is 91 yrs . old and sent me on a ride visiting Easy Spirit stores totry and locate these shoes in this particular color to replace an older pair.I did not find these in any store . I decided to check Amazon and was nicelysurprised to find them . She is so happy and they are comfortable.Best part is making your mother happy , thank you Amazon .
 I have worn Easy Spirit shoes for many years and find them comfortable and durable . I have had ongoing back problems , and find these shoes to help lessen back pain .
 Easy Spirit shoes of all types are unquestionably the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn . I recently bought 5 different types of shoes and they are all fantastic . I have medical issues that make it difficult for me to wear shoes of any kind . Easy Spirit allows me to walk like I have n't for several years . Quality and comfort are fantastic .
 I purchased these for my mother and she was happy with the color and the size . Thank you very much .
 I always liked the Easy Spirit shoes.These are very comfortable and a good buy.I may order another pair in a different color.I would recommend them to anyone who wants a comfortable shoe .
 This is the 3rd pair of Easy Spirit Walkers I 've owned ... and have worn out the first two ! The new ones carried me happily all over Boston on a recent vacation and not a single complaint ! These are the most attractive walking shoes I 've seen or worn
 Easy Spirit 's Motion Sport Lace Up shoes :1 . Provide all day comfortable -LRB- sometimes you forget you have them on -RRB- .2 . Come in great colors .3 . May resemble ` old lady ' shoes -LRB- not meaning to be offensive -RRB- . Yet they match just about anything you wear -LRB- casual or business -RRB- .4 . Last a very , very long time . I am still wearing several pairs I bought five-six years ago and have n't had a problem yet .5 . Come in a large variety of sizes .
 These shoes are extremely comfortable . I have several pairs in different colors and wear them all the time .
 I love these shoes ! I have bought several pairs in different colors . They are as comfortable as atheltic shoes but much more stylish . But beware -- they run small ! I normally wear a size 6.5 , but I have to order a size 7 with these .
 What a pleasure to walk all day in a stylish flat that also offers cushioning and good support and not have to wear clunky running shoes with skirts . I broke several bones in my right foot four years ago and ca n't wear heels . I also have narrow feet . Well , this is the first shoe I 've been able to wear all day and still feel stylish without breaking the bank . I bought them in every color , including metallic silver and gold ! A shoe for all seasons : -RRB-
 The shoes have cushion where needed which makes it a very comfortable shoe for walking . They are also very good when you have to be standing for a lenghth of time . I would recommend this shoe for people who have to be on their feet -LRB- working/standing -RRB- for a long period of time .
 I have been a purchaser of Cole Haan shoes for a long time . I 've always believed good footwear is very important if you 're on your feet all day . I have friends who buy cheap shoes and always complain how their feet hurt . I am extremely tough on footwear because of my size . I 'm 6 ' 5 '' , weigh 215 lbs and have a very high arch in my foot . I like all leather shoes because they will last a long time with proper care and they can be resoled . Cole Haan shoes are always true to size and this style can be worn with Dockers , dress slacks , a suit and jeans . I 'm giving them 4 stars only because they took much longer to break in than other Cole Haan shoes I 've owned . Once they loosened up , they are extremely comfortable and look good all the time .
 I 've worn Cole Haan shoes for probably the last 20 years and these pinch-tassel loafers are alway good quality at a very reasonable price . They are one of the few shoes that you can find in EEE sizes for wide feet and they wear very well . The leather uppers hold up well and the leather soles last a long while also , but I 'd suggest taking them to a shoe store after you buy them and having soles/heels put on them before the leather soles/heels wear down much . If you do they 'll wear a couple years longer . They 're comfortable , look good , and polish up great -- and at that price you ca n't beat them . I buy both the black and burgundy colors and can wear them with anything -- dress or casual .
 I have kind of wide feet , so I went with 3E , the regular size is pretty narrow . I love these shoes , they go with any color pants , and are great for the work environment .
 This is my third pair . I tend to wer loafers out pretty fast -LRB- Shoeswithin 6 months typically -RRB- but these last over two years . They are well made . I switched to these when Rockport stopped selling the style I liked . They were great too , but these last longer than Rockports . Price was great too . I am willing to pay for a good product , and these are good product .
 This cost me about $ 60 less than buying it at a local store . Good quality , good fit . I 'd buy it again .
 I finally broke down last week to replace the pair of Cole Haan pinch tassel shoes I 'd been wearing for the past 4 years . I had replaced the sole and heel already and was wearing through the current one . The uppers and tassels were still in good shape , so I was holding off as long as possible to milk every penny out of them . Slipped them on today and they 're -LRB- almost -RRB- as comfortable as my 4-year old pair . Great shoe at a great value .
 I have 3 pairs of these , one in each color . I LOVE THEM . Nice fit , very well made , durable and classic . With my unusual size -LRB- 13 3E -RRB- I am very happy they make such a good looking shoe that fits me . I highly recommend them !
 Love Cole Haan shoes and even better when they 're on sale . I purchased 2 pair and will again when Amazon has them for $ 99
 This is a classic loafer that looks good and lasts . It is durable and holds a shine . Taken care of they last for years .
 Great product . Comfortable and stylish . One of the few styles available in narrow widths . Fast service as well . I have the same shoe in black .
 These shoes are very narrow so it is important that you as the consumer buy a whole size bigger if you are interested . Other wise they are comfortable and stylish .
 So comfortable ! I found that Eastbay got these contoured pieces of relaxation for the troubled dogs out to me so quickly . Highly recommended for the price !!! I get compliments on them every time I wear them .
 I purchased this shoe for my son . From the picture we thought it would be more like a tennis shoe . But the suede gives it more of a dressy-casual look . He 's pleased with the fit and the look of it .
 I have been a purchaser of Cole Haan shoes for a long time . I 've always believed good footwear is very important if you 're on your feet all day . I have friends who buy cheap shoes and always complain how their feet hurt . I am extremely tough on footwear because of my size . I 'm 6 ' 5 '' , weigh 215 lbs and have a very high arch in my foot . I like all leather shoes because they will last a long time with proper care and they can be resoled . Cole Haan shoes are always true to size and this style can be worn with Dockers , dress slacks , a suit and jeans . I 'm giving them 4 stars only because they took much longer to break in than other Cole Haan shoes I 've owned . Once they loosened up , they are extremely comfortable and look good all the time .
 I 've worn Cole Haan shoes for probably the last 20 years and these pinch-tassel loafers are alway good quality at a very reasonable price . They are one of the few shoes that you can find in EEE sizes for wide feet and they wear very well . The leather uppers hold up well and the leather soles last a long while also , but I 'd suggest taking them to a shoe store after you buy them and having soles/heels put on them before the leather soles/heels wear down much . If you do they 'll wear a couple years longer . They 're comfortable , look good , and polish up great -- and at that price you ca n't beat them . I buy both the black and burgundy colors and can wear them with anything -- dress or casual .
 I have kind of wide feet , so I went with 3E , the regular size is pretty narrow . I love these shoes , they go with any color pants , and are great for the work environment .
 This is my third pair . I tend to wer loafers out pretty fast -LRB- Shoeswithin 6 months typically -RRB- but these last over two years . They are well made . I switched to these when Rockport stopped selling the style I liked . They were great too , but these last longer than Rockports . Price was great too . I am willing to pay for a good product , and these are good product .
 This cost me about $ 60 less than buying it at a local store . Good quality , good fit . I 'd buy it again .
 I finally broke down last week to replace the pair of Cole Haan pinch tassel shoes I 'd been wearing for the past 4 years . I had replaced the sole and heel already and was wearing through the current one . The uppers and tassels were still in good shape , so I was holding off as long as possible to milk every penny out of them . Slipped them on today and they 're -LRB- almost -RRB- as comfortable as my 4-year old pair . Great shoe at a great value .
 I have 3 pairs of these , one in each color . I LOVE THEM . Nice fit , very well made , durable and classic . With my unusual size -LRB- 13 3E -RRB- I am very happy they make such a good looking shoe that fits me . I highly recommend them !
 Love Cole Haan shoes and even better when they 're on sale . I purchased 2 pair and will again when Amazon has them for $ 99
 This is a classic loafer that looks good and lasts . It is durable and holds a shine . Taken care of they last for years .
 Great product . Comfortable and stylish . One of the few styles available in narrow widths . Fast service as well . I have the same shoe in black .
 I have been a purchaser of Cole Haan shoes for a long time . I 've always believed good footwear is very important if you 're on your feet all day . I have friends who buy cheap shoes and always complain how their feet hurt . I am extremely tough on footwear because of my size . I 'm 6 ' 5 '' , weigh 215 lbs and have a very high arch in my foot . I like all leather shoes because they will last a long time with proper care and they can be resoled . Cole Haan shoes are always true to size and this style can be worn with Dockers , dress slacks , a suit and jeans . I 'm giving them 4 stars only because they took much longer to break in than other Cole Haan shoes I 've owned . Once they loosened up , they are extremely comfortable and look good all the time .
 I 've worn Cole Haan shoes for probably the last 20 years and these pinch-tassel loafers are alway good quality at a very reasonable price . They are one of the few shoes that you can find in EEE sizes for wide feet and they wear very well . The leather uppers hold up well and the leather soles last a long while also , but I 'd suggest taking them to a shoe store after you buy them and having soles/heels put on them before the leather soles/heels wear down much . If you do they 'll wear a couple years longer . They 're comfortable , look good , and polish up great -- and at that price you ca n't beat them . I buy both the black and burgundy colors and can wear them with anything -- dress or casual .
 I have kind of wide feet , so I went with 3E , the regular size is pretty narrow . I love these shoes , they go with any color pants , and are great for the work environment .
 This is my third pair . I tend to wer loafers out pretty fast -LRB- Shoeswithin 6 months typically -RRB- but these last over two years . They are well made . I switched to these when Rockport stopped selling the style I liked . They were great too , but these last longer than Rockports . Price was great too . I am willing to pay for a good product , and these are good product .
 This cost me about $ 60 less than buying it at a local store . Good quality , good fit . I 'd buy it again .
 I finally broke down last week to replace the pair of Cole Haan pinch tassel shoes I 'd been wearing for the past 4 years . I had replaced the sole and heel already and was wearing through the current one . The uppers and tassels were still in good shape , so I was holding off as long as possible to milk every penny out of them . Slipped them on today and they 're -LRB- almost -RRB- as comfortable as my 4-year old pair . Great shoe at a great value .
 I have 3 pairs of these , one in each color . I LOVE THEM . Nice fit , very well made , durable and classic . With my unusual size -LRB- 13 3E -RRB- I am very happy they make such a good looking shoe that fits me . I highly recommend them !
 Love Cole Haan shoes and even better when they 're on sale . I purchased 2 pair and will again when Amazon has them for $ 99
 This is a classic loafer that looks good and lasts . It is durable and holds a shine . Taken care of they last for years .
 Great product . Comfortable and stylish . One of the few styles available in narrow widths . Fast service as well . I have the same shoe in black .
 Looking for a boot with tasteful proportions was difficult until I found these . They 're rugged yet stylish . The only downside is a lack of cushion .
 i got these boots last year and i ride in all temps my feet are always warm they are holding up great i am planing to buy more work america products
 I love the snake , everyone thinks it 's really cool and likes to play with it . It used to match my old car which is why I bought it but I 'm still rockin it with my new car . Love him .
 I just tried out my shoes for the first time today . I have had absolutely no problems with them and could n't believe how light they were . For being in the military and running all the time , these shoes seem like they are going to work out very well for me .
 I ordered these Mizuno Wave Elixirs about a month before a marathon . My old Elixirs had worn out and I was n't willing to try to break in the next generation of the Elixir for the race . They were easy to break in and a dream during the marathon -- I never thought about my feet once , and I did n't lose a single toenail . I used to wear the Wave Alchemy , but I like the Elixir so much that I 've made it my primary road shoe.My only complaints are that they could use more cushioning in the forefoot , but I 'm a supinating forefoot striker and I know that 's a rare kind of foot strike , so I think I 'm out of luck on that one . I also wish for a slightly narrower heel ; my left heel swims around sometimes.I would highly recommend for runners with narrow , shallow feet looking for a light , responsive performance trainer . The price here on Amazon is pretty good too .
 I was worried when I ordered these shoes because they are the newer version of a pair of Mizuno 's that has been discontinued . After reading a few reviews They seemed thatthey still wouldbe good shoes , so I went ahead and ordered them . I have been running in them and have had absolutely no trouble , and they are perhaps even better than previous pairs of Mizuno 's I owned .
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 I love Beverly Feldman shoes ! She is one of my favorite designers . I was so excited to get these on for such a great deal through Amazon . They are even more Fabulous in person !! Gorgeous pearl and rhinestone detailing . Designer quality and style . They would have been worth paying full price for !! LOVE THEM !
 These are gorgeous shoes , they are more spectacular in person . They are rather comfortable for high heels as well . They seem well made and are packed with care . They are going to go great with my wedding dress .
 This is a great shoe for me . It is light weight yet supportive . It looks dressier than I expected , which I am very pleased about .
 These are the most comfortable shoes if you are on your feet all day . They look good and fit so well .
 I love these shoes , well made , comfortable and nice looking . I expect them to last me a good long time .
 Like all Easy Spirit Shoes , these are great . Order arrived a few days after placing the order . High quality shoes at a great price .
 I know I wear these shoes more often than I should , there are days when I should probably wear dressier shoes , but I wear one of my pairs of Easy Spirit Motions Sport Lace-ups everyday because they are so comfortable . They seem quite durable too .
 The shoe runs narrow . The inside label says both &#34; B &#34; and &#34; D &#34; , B is printed on top of a line and D is printed underneath . I do n't know what that means , I ordered D width , but they seem to be a B width by appearance . HOWEVER , they are very comfortable anyway on my wide feet ! They are well-made and quite attractive , I can wear them with nice dresses/skirts . I am going to order more .
 OK . I have been wearing this style of shoes for decades . Decades ! You do n't go back time and again to buy a shoe that is n't comfortable , long wearing , and a good value.One reason I keep coming back to this style of shoe is it looks very nice and neat . It does n't look weird . So many shoes look just awful and I ca n't imagine how anyone could wear them . I call them chunky-clunks as they do n't look feminine in the least.These shoes come in many colors -LRB- I usually buy a neutral color -RRB- and everyone should be able to find a color they like . I 've worn them in the rain and have had no trouble with them -LRB- not talking about floods here . -RRB- All in all , I recommend this style of shoes .
 A great fit . Comfortable . Easy care.Con
 I have worn this style of Easy Spirit shoe for many years . I 'm so thankful that it has n't chaged . It 's stylish , yet very comfortable and gives my feet excellent support . I thoroughly recommend it .
 Having been an Easy Spirit fan for many years , I 'm always looking for less-than-full price shoes . These `` Motion '' have been a consistently good buy , a great value shoe that holds up well , comfortable , polishes like new , and never separates at the seams . I wear the newest ones for outings , the older ones for around the house , the oldest ones for the garden . But I always watch for when they go for less than full price ... because I know I will get great , consistent shoes .
 My order was processed and shipped in amazing time . Thanks so much for your 5 Star Service
 This is the 3rd pair of Easy Spirit Walkers I 've owned ... and have worn out the first two ! The new ones carried me happily all over Boston on a recent vacation and not a single complaint ! These are the most attractive walking shoes I 've seen or worn
 Easy Spirit 's Motion Sport Lace Up shoes :1 . Provide all day comfortable -LRB- sometimes you forget you have them on -RRB- .2 . Come in great colors .3 . May resemble ` old lady ' shoes -LRB- not meaning to be offensive -RRB- . Yet they match just about anything you wear -LRB- casual or business -RRB- .4 . Last a very , very long time . I am still wearing several pairs I bought five-six years ago and have n't had a problem yet .5 . Come in a large variety of sizes .
 These shoes are extremely comfortable . I have several pairs in different colors and wear them all the time .
 I love these shoes ! I have bought several pairs in different colors . They are as comfortable as atheltic shoes but much more stylish . But beware -- they run small ! I normally wear a size 6.5 , but I have to order a size 7 with these .
 What a pleasure to walk all day in a stylish flat that also offers cushioning and good support and not have to wear clunky running shoes with skirts . I broke several bones in my right foot four years ago and ca n't wear heels . I also have narrow feet . Well , this is the first shoe I 've been able to wear all day and still feel stylish without breaking the bank . I bought them in every color , including metallic silver and gold ! A shoe for all seasons : -RRB-
 The shoes have cushion where needed which makes it a very comfortable shoe for walking . They are also very good when you have to be standing for a lenghth of time . I would recommend this shoe for people who have to be on their feet -LRB- working/standing -RRB- for a long period of time .
 I brought this for my Mother . She loves the shoes . This is the only place I could get them . Her Christmas was made by receiving this product .
 I found these to be a perfect fit . They are very comfortable and great for those long shopping trips . Look very nice with both casual dress and jeans .
 Finding these shoes on Amazon were like winning the grand prize in a raffle.My mother is 91 yrs . old and sent me on a ride visiting Easy Spirit stores totry and locate these shoes in this particular color to replace an older pair.I did not find these in any store . I decided to check Amazon and was nicelysurprised to find them . She is so happy and they are comfortable.Best part is making your mother happy , thank you Amazon .
 I have worn Easy Spirit shoes for many years and find them comfortable and durable . I have had ongoing back problems , and find these shoes to help lessen back pain .
 Easy Spirit shoes of all types are unquestionably the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn . I recently bought 5 different types of shoes and they are all fantastic . I have medical issues that make it difficult for me to wear shoes of any kind . Easy Spirit allows me to walk like I have n't for several years . Quality and comfort are fantastic .
 I purchased these for my mother and she was happy with the color and the size . Thank you very much .
 I always liked the Easy Spirit shoes.These are very comfortable and a good buy.I may order another pair in a different color.I would recommend them to anyone who wants a comfortable shoe .
 This is a wonderful shoe . I had a hard time finding it until I went to Amazon and there it was . They are so comfortable and I feel safe in them as there is good support .
 I love my Easy Spirit Women 's Motion Fitness Casual Crocs . My feet are grateful for the caressing of these shoes . I no longer need to hurry home as I have comfort for the day . Thank you !!
 I have used Easy Spirit when I show my dogs for several years . They are light weight and have good traction when moving my dog . I wore my last pair for several years until my new puppy chewed them .
 These are the most comfortable shoes ever made and they look very conservative . I have them in several colors because they look good with slacks or skirts . They hold up well with everyday use and are lightweight so they pack well . If you try one pair , you keep coming back to them for your basic wardrobe .
 I purchased these shoes to wear for casual wear with my jeans when I did not want to wear my regular walking shoes . They are cute , stylish and comfortable for everyday wear , not recommended for heavy walking .
 I have had over 10 pairs of easy spirit shoes and have these in two colours . I have high insteps , high arches and hammertoes ... and these are still comfortable . The support is not as good as in their running and training shoes , yet plenty good for walking long distances and taking public transport daily .
 I got this pair of Easy Spirit shoes to replace my previous pair of Easy Spirit lace-ups , which had been my favorite pair of casual shoes for the past 15-20 years -LRB- I know , hard to believe they lasted that long - Easy Spirit is a great brand ! -RRB- . My new brown leather lace-ups are well-made , stylish , and very comfortable . If you 're looking for sharp-looking shoes that are easy on the feet for long periods of wear , I 'd say go for these !
 I have bought Easy Spirit shoes for years , so I knew the quality of this product . I was not disappointed . Shoes arrived in reasonable time , in perfect condition . Color and size as requested . Only wish I could get some other colors at this GREAT rate !
 Love the shoes . I have this shoe in 5 colors . When I wanted a third WHITE pair could not find them on line at J. C. Penney 's as I have in the past and could not find the white shoes on line at Easy Spirit . Amazon directed me to Shoemall.com where they had this shoe in about 18 different colors . Thank you Amazon !
 I got these for my 93 year old mother who still walks for exercise . She has an extremely hard to find shoe size -LRB- 8 AAAA -RRB- and this is almost the only shoe made in that size any more so we are lucky to be able to buy it for her . She has these in several colors and finds them comfortable to wear every day , all day .
 Love these shoes - could not find them in ther stores in my area . They hae every color but white . Have a pair but they are really old and wanted a pair that looked nicer . The shoes are comfortable and they look a little more dressy than the normal tennis shoe . Paid a little more than the price at our stores but , they are worth the extra cost .
 I love Easy Spirit walking shoes . They are n't a sneaker and do n't look like one but that is what they feel like - very comfortable !
 I love these shoes . I work in a place that has a professional dress code and I ca n't wear sneakers or shower type shoes . Recently my company instituted a fitness/walking program of 10,000 steps a day . The floors in my building are hard stone/granite and can be slippery when the humidity is high , so I needed a shoe with a rubber sole , looked professional and gave support and comfort ... this shoe fit the ticket . The shoes are comfortable , very lightweight , well constructed and good value for my money . I would recommend them to anyone who walks or are on their feet a large percentage of the day.I 'm thinking of getting another pair in an alternative color . I have seen these shoes in various mail order catalogs for about $ 10.00 more than from Amazon -LRB- and the vendor -RRB- .
 I love these shoes . Have been wearing them for years and hope Easy Spirit does not EVER stop making them ! Great support for tired feet !
 I have a very narrow foot and I need shoes that I can put an orthotic in . Easy spirits work well for me . I love this color . It gives me a lift and I do n't feel quite as dowdy as usual !
 FOR ME , THE EASY SPIRT `` MOTION '' SHOE IS T_H_E PERFECT SHOE . I am unable to wear heels , -LRB- long story -RRB- -- but these shoes , which lace up as in any true oxford , have a streamlined look that many other oxford shoes today , burdened as they are with extra outside padding , do not . The result is , that this is indeed a SLIM , WALKING shoe , not a bulky sports shoe . It is as neat and pretty as any woman 's oxford shoe can be.This is a very , very comfortable shoe . It is not quite accurate to say it is like walking on air -- but it IS as comortable as a shoe can be , I believe , without going to the expense of custom-made shoes.When a shoe comes in many , many colours , you KNOW it has to be a GOOD shoe . Because so many people are buying it , the manufacturer can afford to branch out and make it in many different colours . For a very long time , I happily wore the WHITE color of this shoe , whilst my mom wore the WHEAT colour . We were both very happy with them!Then , I saw in a well-known catalogue , that they are available from the store associated with that catalogue , -LRB- on special order only -RRB- , in G O L D colour ! And not just a `` goldEN '' colour -- but a true , gold foil colour ! And at the same price as all the other colours ! All that `` special ordering '' the gold -LRB- foil -RRB- shoes , was to wait a few weeks longer.I have now worn the -LRB- shiny ! -RRB- gold -LRB- foil -RRB- colour of Easy Spirit `` Motion '' shoes for a few years . I have gotten several very nice complimnts on them as well ! And no wonder -- they look almost like golden-colour `` bronzedd '' baby shoes , or , are somewhat similar to the sheen in Princess Elizabeth and Princess Margaret 's flat pumps , in the famous `` double negative '' picture , by Marcus Adams -- taken in Buckingham Palace , with their mother , father , and corgi dog . The picture is in black and white , so I have no idea if the Princesses wore gold or silver pumps in it . But -- the foil-bright SHINE is the same ! In the words of the classic song ... '' Oh ... dem golden slippers ... ! ''
 Like all Easy Spirit shoes , this pair was well-made . I had to return the pair because the shoe was too small . Although I wear a 6.5 in other Easy Spirit styles , this shoe was too short . You may want to order a half-size larger if you order this style .
 The shoes were perfect but my Mother needed a 9.5 N and the shoe came in as a 9N and I had to return it . It cost me $ 15.00 to return the shoe and I wanted the right size but I received the credit for the shoes only on my credit card but not for the shipping either way ! So I was n't happy and probably wo n't use this service again.Thanks , kathy
 My feet are hard to fit , but I find this shoe comfortable and it provides good support . I 'm glad it is still available .
 I used to buy these shoes 15 years ago -- their quality has not changed . Still a good fit & made very well .
 I wanted a pair of comfortable walking shoes to use on a trip . I frankly hate the clunky , chunky , clumsy Frankenstein-like clodhoppers that seem to be ubiquitous in every store I visited looking for a simple fashionable walking shoe.I did n't think `` fashionable '' and `` comfortable '' were mutually exclusive ! I finally found these Easy Spirit shoes , and they were exactly what I was looking for.Easy Spirit shoes are light , airy , comfortable and go perfectly with jeans or chinos . They are water-resistant as well , so I had no worries about wearing them in rainy weather either . Love 'em .
 I have been wearing this style for years at work where I am always on my feet . I was unable to find them at the Easy Spirit outlet but got them here no problem
 I LIKE THESE SHOES THE STYLE AND WEAR IS VERY COMFORTING . THEY CAN BE DRESS DOWN AND UP IN WHAT EVER YOU WEAR .
 These shoes are one of the most comfortable I have ever worn . They hold up very well . I have been buying them for years . It was great to find them on line because not every store carries them . I do n't know why .
 This is the third pair of Easy Spirit Motion shoes I 've bought . They are so comfortable and support my feet . I wear them to work and they look great with slacks . These shoes are very sturdy and well made as well as comfortable . I heard that Easy Spirit is discontinuing this style . I hope it is n't so !
 I have had several pair of these in the last 25 years or so . These are so comfy , no break in time required . I 'd like to see more fashion colors , though . I 'd love to have pairs in turquoise , bright yellow , orange , kelly green , hot pink , etc. . I wear these with slacks and tailored skirts , even certain dresses . They are very soft and comfy , durable , and make your foot look very small . I ca n't recommend them strongly enough to anyone who needs to be on thier feet a great deal , or who has foot problems , or who simply wants a sturdy-but-stylish walking shoe .
 My 94 year old Mom loves these shoes and they are almost impossible to find in the store . She as several colors of this style . Her feet are now smaller so we needed to adjust the size . Could not find them in regular stores . Mom loves the comforrable fit and they are safe for her to wear .
 I have worn Easy spirit Women 's shoes for years and they are really a good shoe.Gives good support and always fits well .
 Easy Spirit Women 's Motion Sport Lace UpThese are comfortable , casual shoes . They look dressier than most sport walking shoes and look good with better quality pants . However , I would not wear them to an exercise class .
 I have a difficult time finding shoes that will work for me . Most stores do not carry fashionable women 's shoes in wide widths . I am enjoying this pair of Easy Spirit Shoes in the color red . I would purchase these again without hesitation .
 Looking for a boot with tasteful proportions was difficult until I found these . They 're rugged yet stylish . The only downside is a lack of cushion .
 i got these boots last year and i ride in all temps my feet are always warm they are holding up great i am planing to buy more work america products
 These shoes are so comfortable . I wear them almost everyday as driving shoes . They 're great on-the-go with jeans and khakis . Perfect for casual days at work , grocery shopping and running errands .
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 Overall , I 'm happy with the purchase of these boots . They fit pretty true to size and are comfortable even with the pointed toe . The only downside to the boots is that there 's a detail on the zipper -LRB- what you grip to zipper the boots -RRB- and since it 's metal , it can make a funny sound if you wear them with a skirt because the detail swishes back and forth over the zipper . Not anything too terribly noticeable , but you probably wo n't be able to sneak up on anyone when you wear them . When I wore them with pants , I did n't notice the sound .
 I had a huge delimna on purchasing a new pair of soccer shoes . I tried the Nike ZoomAir -LRB- Synthetic -RRB- and got humongous blisters on my achiles and toe . Due to the blisters , I could n't play for a while . Then someone told me to try Leather shoes instead of Synthetic . I did some research and found out that : Adididas Predator has the best reviews . Also , one of my friends had it and was very content with them . Preditor has 3 models
 This shoe came 3 days after i ordered it , i actually bought the same pair on ebay but those ebay idiots oversold and i ended up getting a refund after waiting 2 weeks so i went on Amazon and got my shoes in 3 days with no fuss . It fit me perfectly and the shoe was what the seller said it was
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 I absolutely love my new sandals . They were in perfect shape and had the prettiest packaging . I think they may be my favorite pair I own and the price was amazing . I got them very fast also . Thank you so much and I will definitely buy more from this company !! E
 We got Kaepa shoes for our cheer squad and they were AWESOME ! I loved how the laces were inside this pocket ! On the cheer squad I was on before this year , the laces would CONSTANTLY be such a huge problem , but these new lacings are COOL .
 Very soft leather and the quality looks good , however , they do run 1/2 size smaller ... at least for me . recommend it .
 Love them . Second pair purchased . Owned first pair for 6 years for work and upper leather still looked new , but sole was pretty worn .
 These shoes fit great ! I wear a 10.5 2E and after the initial break in period they fit amazingly . The style is very modern and will be timeless .
 One of the best shoe i ever worn in my life . Stylish and comfortable from the first walk as if you are wearing a sport shoe . It is perfect with jeans and khakis . The design of the shoe is great . You will never regret your purchase .
 Superb shoe . Was extremely comfortable from the first step out of the box without any break-in . My first pair from Bostonian and I will definitely keep their lineup in my sights from now on .
 I first bought this shoe from another online retailer , which specializes in shoes . Previously I had worn a more expensive shoe , which I repaired year after year . I am a man who appreciates a good cobbler . Let me tell you that this is the best shoe you could better purchase . Not only is this shoe great for the office , courtroom or boardroom but it works great with jeans too . Now as a guy , I really do n't look at men 's shoes . With the limited exception of laughing at Eastern Shore lawyers , who all wear bass shoes with tassels . However , I began to notice that some of the most influential businessmen , who work for Fortune 50 companies to my local pharmacist all wear this shoe ! It is just the lightest , most comfortable dress shoe I have ever worn . It is also thirty bucks cheaper than other retailers here on Amazon . They also have size EE in stock !
 I 'm now on my fourth pair of these shoes I 've bought both the black and brown.Pros : - Are a great fit for us guys with wider feet - Have incredibly soft cushioning in the sole - Look great in formal and casual settings - Can last for years with intermittent useCons : - If worn daily expect the soles to wear out in about a year
 These are not only more comfortable than my sneakers , but they look better with either jeans for a casual day or slacks for a professional day . I highly recommend these shoes !
 These are the most comfortable casual dress shoe I have ever worn.I purchased these shoes -LRB- in brown -RRB- based on the reviews here and elsewhere.Unlike some other dress loafers , these shoes have an adequate opening for easy slip on and removal without undue tightness at the top of the foot . The easily removable inserts make it possible to substitute your own customized inserts or slip an extra pad into the shoe . I purchased these in a wide size so that I could do precisely that , i.e. , inserted a gel padding underneath the stock insole . That , combined with the flexibility and lightness of the shoe , makes wearing them almost like walking on air -LRB- if that were at all possible -RRB- . Shoe and width are true to size.Overall , this is a very comfortable and nice looking shoe -LRB- without those ticky-tacky doodads -RRB- that will go well with your khaki/beige/tan slacks or a nice pair of neat jeans . Five stars .
 These shoes are solid ! Great feel and look . Have n't had them long , but have a feeling they 'll last a long time .
 Hands down the most comfortable shoe I 've ever put on my feet.I stand all day long and other shoes cause back pain/knee pain.I feel like I 'm a little taller because of this shoe because of the sole.My doctor recommend these instead of getting special made shoes and he was right .
 Wow , thats all I have to say . No but for real , these are the best dress shoes I 've ever owned . I got mine at JC Penny , I was searching for slip on dress shows , because you know , I 'm lazy , and out comes the shoe dude with the Bostonian Flexlite 's , he 's like , `` you got to try these , I own a pair myself '' I put them both on , went for a quick stroll and it felt like I had slippers on they were so light and quiet when I walked too . Best of both worlds , light and slip on 's , freakin slippers in disguise , only you know , think about it . Scored mine for $ 50 spot , JC Penny had some coupon thing going on . Get these and you will never get anything else.Swear .
 These are probably the most comfortable dress shoes I have ever owned . The sole on my previous pair cracked after about two years of daily wear so I cant really complain about that . For the price of these shoes they are well worth it .
 I bought this same shoe from a local store and wore them for three years . I walk a lot so I wore them out in three years . I could have had them re-soled but ... I found the same shoe online and ordered my size thinking I 'd end up sending them back . Not the case at all . I have new shoes that fit , and I did n't have to send them back . Good value and a great fitting shoe that should last me another three years .
 I bought these shoes because I had a gift card to use up . To my surprise , these have been the most comfortable pair of dress shoes that I have ever owned . I 'm a teacher , which means I 'm on my feet all day , so I was searching for a quality pair of shoes to wear with khakis . In addition to comfort , these shoes are super easy to slip on and off -- no shoe horn needed . I highly recommend them to anyone ; in fact , I 'm back to buy the same pair in black !
 ... these shoes fit perfectly , no breaking in period . They are extremely comfortable . I rarely had the need to wear dress shoes , now I make up excuses to put them on !
 Love these shoes . Have them in brown and just had to get them in black . No regrets ...
 The Bostonian Capi Slip-on is a case study in elegant , modern design . Its simplicity belies a well thought and well constructed shoe for all occasions . It supports feet with high arches and provides comfortable leather uppers and smooth lines ; its felt interior gives it an accessible slip-on feel that creates a snug fit for most foot sizes . I originally bought a black pair for casual business dress , and ended wearing them often with jeans outside of work . I returned to buy the brown shoes yesterday . These are shoes that look great in a suit or with a polo . The shoe 's rubber sole equips one smartly for urban environs as well as for the ubiquitous hotel lobbies of contemporary life . In short , this Bostonian shoe is an excellent product for a great price .
 Easy the most comfortable shoes I have every owned ! I find the shoes a great fit , light , durable and the sole is very forgiving . Got this pair at a great price on Amazon ! Highly recommended !! You will not be disappointed !
 These are among the more expensive Bostonian shoes -LRB- though still very reasonably priced -RRB- . There 's a huge difference between this and their similar-looking , lower-priced shoes . The leather is much higher grade and more supple , the cushioning is dense and firm , and the sole more flexible . The brown shoes have a particularly deep , rich luster that you only get with good-quality leather . I have in black and brown , wear all the time .
 These shoes look good and the quality is excellent -- easily the equal of the $ 150 pair of Johnston and Murphy loafers I was considering buying . The leather is quite soft , and the sewing shows no blemishes . They are reasonably comfortable , but the removable insole is so thin it is pretty much a joke . However , it is easy to add cushioned insoles or custom orthotics either under or in place of the stock insoles , especially if you buy the 2E . My one complaint is the length of the shoes . I ordered a 9EE so that I can easily add a thick Spenco insole under the stock ones , as I need a lot of cushioning . I am normally pretty much exactly a size 9 . These are just a bit bigger than most 9EEs , but they are MUCH longer . I think this must be by design , as the arches are in the correct place . However , there is well over an inch of space in front of my big toes . Every time I look down , I am surprised at how big my feet are , and I suspect i am going to have an issue with stubbing them on object because I am not used to the length . The are fine for casual and dress casual , and I will wear them with a suit , but someone who is really into fashion would probably consider them too casual for true dress wear .
 I have worn these shoes for a couple years now ... this is my third pair ... highly recommend . Great price as well .
 This was my first clipless -LRB- SPD -RRB- shoes . They are very sturdy and affords great protection to your feet . I banged my feet on rocks a number of times and these shoes protected them very well . Now I 'm onto platform pedals and these shoes are shelved until I return to clipless . Got ta say , they still look brand new .
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 We got Kaepa shoes for our cheer squad and they were AWESOME ! I loved how the laces were inside this pocket ! On the cheer squad I was on before this year , the laces would CONSTANTLY be such a huge problem , but these new lacings are COOL .
 I have been a purchaser of Cole Haan shoes for a long time . I 've always believed good footwear is very important if you 're on your feet all day . I have friends who buy cheap shoes and always complain how their feet hurt . I am extremely tough on footwear because of my size . I 'm 6 ' 5 '' , weigh 215 lbs and have a very high arch in my foot . I like all leather shoes because they will last a long time with proper care and they can be resoled . Cole Haan shoes are always true to size and this style can be worn with Dockers , dress slacks , a suit and jeans . I 'm giving them 4 stars only because they took much longer to break in than other Cole Haan shoes I 've owned . Once they loosened up , they are extremely comfortable and look good all the time .
 I 've worn Cole Haan shoes for probably the last 20 years and these pinch-tassel loafers are alway good quality at a very reasonable price . They are one of the few shoes that you can find in EEE sizes for wide feet and they wear very well . The leather uppers hold up well and the leather soles last a long while also , but I 'd suggest taking them to a shoe store after you buy them and having soles/heels put on them before the leather soles/heels wear down much . If you do they 'll wear a couple years longer . They 're comfortable , look good , and polish up great -- and at that price you ca n't beat them . I buy both the black and burgundy colors and can wear them with anything -- dress or casual .
 I have kind of wide feet , so I went with 3E , the regular size is pretty narrow . I love these shoes , they go with any color pants , and are great for the work environment .
 This is my third pair . I tend to wer loafers out pretty fast -LRB- Shoeswithin 6 months typically -RRB- but these last over two years . They are well made . I switched to these when Rockport stopped selling the style I liked . They were great too , but these last longer than Rockports . Price was great too . I am willing to pay for a good product , and these are good product .
 This cost me about $ 60 less than buying it at a local store . Good quality , good fit . I 'd buy it again .
 I finally broke down last week to replace the pair of Cole Haan pinch tassel shoes I 'd been wearing for the past 4 years . I had replaced the sole and heel already and was wearing through the current one . The uppers and tassels were still in good shape , so I was holding off as long as possible to milk every penny out of them . Slipped them on today and they 're -LRB- almost -RRB- as comfortable as my 4-year old pair . Great shoe at a great value .
 I have 3 pairs of these , one in each color . I LOVE THEM . Nice fit , very well made , durable and classic . With my unusual size -LRB- 13 3E -RRB- I am very happy they make such a good looking shoe that fits me . I highly recommend them !
 Love Cole Haan shoes and even better when they 're on sale . I purchased 2 pair and will again when Amazon has them for $ 99
 This is a classic loafer that looks good and lasts . It is durable and holds a shine . Taken care of they last for years .
 Great product . Comfortable and stylish . One of the few styles available in narrow widths . Fast service as well . I have the same shoe in black .
 I brought this for my Mother . She loves the shoes . This is the only place I could get them . Her Christmas was made by receiving this product .
 I found these to be a perfect fit . They are very comfortable and great for those long shopping trips . Look very nice with both casual dress and jeans .
 Finding these shoes on Amazon were like winning the grand prize in a raffle.My mother is 91 yrs . old and sent me on a ride visiting Easy Spirit stores totry and locate these shoes in this particular color to replace an older pair.I did not find these in any store . I decided to check Amazon and was nicelysurprised to find them . She is so happy and they are comfortable.Best part is making your mother happy , thank you Amazon .
 I have worn Easy Spirit shoes for many years and find them comfortable and durable . I have had ongoing back problems , and find these shoes to help lessen back pain .
 Easy Spirit shoes of all types are unquestionably the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn . I recently bought 5 different types of shoes and they are all fantastic . I have medical issues that make it difficult for me to wear shoes of any kind . Easy Spirit allows me to walk like I have n't for several years . Quality and comfort are fantastic .
 I purchased these for my mother and she was happy with the color and the size . Thank you very much .
 I always liked the Easy Spirit shoes.These are very comfortable and a good buy.I may order another pair in a different color.I would recommend them to anyone who wants a comfortable shoe .
 This is the 3rd pair of Easy Spirit Walkers I 've owned ... and have worn out the first two ! The new ones carried me happily all over Boston on a recent vacation and not a single complaint ! These are the most attractive walking shoes I 've seen or worn
 Easy Spirit 's Motion Sport Lace Up shoes :1 . Provide all day comfortable -LRB- sometimes you forget you have them on -RRB- .2 . Come in great colors .3 . May resemble ` old lady ' shoes -LRB- not meaning to be offensive -RRB- . Yet they match just about anything you wear -LRB- casual or business -RRB- .4 . Last a very , very long time . I am still wearing several pairs I bought five-six years ago and have n't had a problem yet .5 . Come in a large variety of sizes .
 These shoes are extremely comfortable . I have several pairs in different colors and wear them all the time .
 I love these shoes ! I have bought several pairs in different colors . They are as comfortable as atheltic shoes but much more stylish . But beware -- they run small ! I normally wear a size 6.5 , but I have to order a size 7 with these .
 What a pleasure to walk all day in a stylish flat that also offers cushioning and good support and not have to wear clunky running shoes with skirts . I broke several bones in my right foot four years ago and ca n't wear heels . I also have narrow feet . Well , this is the first shoe I 've been able to wear all day and still feel stylish without breaking the bank . I bought them in every color , including metallic silver and gold ! A shoe for all seasons : -RRB-
 The shoes have cushion where needed which makes it a very comfortable shoe for walking . They are also very good when you have to be standing for a lenghth of time . I would recommend this shoe for people who have to be on their feet -LRB- working/standing -RRB- for a long period of time .
 This is a great shoe for me . It is light weight yet supportive . It looks dressier than I expected , which I am very pleased about .
 These are the most comfortable shoes if you are on your feet all day . They look good and fit so well .
 I love these shoes , well made , comfortable and nice looking . I expect them to last me a good long time .
 Like all Easy Spirit Shoes , these are great . Order arrived a few days after placing the order . High quality shoes at a great price .
 I know I wear these shoes more often than I should , there are days when I should probably wear dressier shoes , but I wear one of my pairs of Easy Spirit Motions Sport Lace-ups everyday because they are so comfortable . They seem quite durable too .
 The shoe runs narrow . The inside label says both &#34; B &#34; and &#34; D &#34; , B is printed on top of a line and D is printed underneath . I do n't know what that means , I ordered D width , but they seem to be a B width by appearance . HOWEVER , they are very comfortable anyway on my wide feet ! They are well-made and quite attractive , I can wear them with nice dresses/skirts . I am going to order more .
 OK . I have been wearing this style of shoes for decades . Decades ! You do n't go back time and again to buy a shoe that is n't comfortable , long wearing , and a good value.One reason I keep coming back to this style of shoe is it looks very nice and neat . It does n't look weird . So many shoes look just awful and I ca n't imagine how anyone could wear them . I call them chunky-clunks as they do n't look feminine in the least.These shoes come in many colors -LRB- I usually buy a neutral color -RRB- and everyone should be able to find a color they like . I 've worn them in the rain and have had no trouble with them -LRB- not talking about floods here . -RRB- All in all , I recommend this style of shoes .
 A great fit . Comfortable . Easy care.Con
 I have worn this style of Easy Spirit shoe for many years . I 'm so thankful that it has n't chaged . It 's stylish , yet very comfortable and gives my feet excellent support . I thoroughly recommend it .
 Having been an Easy Spirit fan for many years , I 'm always looking for less-than-full price shoes . These `` Motion '' have been a consistently good buy , a great value shoe that holds up well , comfortable , polishes like new , and never separates at the seams . I wear the newest ones for outings , the older ones for around the house , the oldest ones for the garden . But I always watch for when they go for less than full price ... because I know I will get great , consistent shoes .
 My order was processed and shipped in amazing time . Thanks so much for your 5 Star Service
 I have been wearing this style for years at work where I am always on my feet . I was unable to find them at the Easy Spirit outlet but got them here no problem
 I LIKE THESE SHOES THE STYLE AND WEAR IS VERY COMFORTING . THEY CAN BE DRESS DOWN AND UP IN WHAT EVER YOU WEAR .
 These shoes are one of the most comfortable I have ever worn . They hold up very well . I have been buying them for years . It was great to find them on line because not every store carries them . I do n't know why .
 This is the third pair of Easy Spirit Motion shoes I 've bought . They are so comfortable and support my feet . I wear them to work and they look great with slacks . These shoes are very sturdy and well made as well as comfortable . I heard that Easy Spirit is discontinuing this style . I hope it is n't so !
 I have had several pair of these in the last 25 years or so . These are so comfy , no break in time required . I 'd like to see more fashion colors , though . I 'd love to have pairs in turquoise , bright yellow , orange , kelly green , hot pink , etc. . I wear these with slacks and tailored skirts , even certain dresses . They are very soft and comfy , durable , and make your foot look very small . I ca n't recommend them strongly enough to anyone who needs to be on thier feet a great deal , or who has foot problems , or who simply wants a sturdy-but-stylish walking shoe .
 My 94 year old Mom loves these shoes and they are almost impossible to find in the store . She as several colors of this style . Her feet are now smaller so we needed to adjust the size . Could not find them in regular stores . Mom loves the comforrable fit and they are safe for her to wear .
 I have worn Easy spirit Women 's shoes for years and they are really a good shoe.Gives good support and always fits well .
 Easy Spirit Women 's Motion Sport Lace UpThese are comfortable , casual shoes . They look dressier than most sport walking shoes and look good with better quality pants . However , I would not wear them to an exercise class .
 I have a difficult time finding shoes that will work for me . Most stores do not carry fashionable women 's shoes in wide widths . I am enjoying this pair of Easy Spirit Shoes in the color red . I would purchase these again without hesitation .
 Like all Easy Spirit shoes , this pair was well-made . I had to return the pair because the shoe was too small . Although I wear a 6.5 in other Easy Spirit styles , this shoe was too short . You may want to order a half-size larger if you order this style .
 The shoes were perfect but my Mother needed a 9.5 N and the shoe came in as a 9N and I had to return it . It cost me $ 15.00 to return the shoe and I wanted the right size but I received the credit for the shoes only on my credit card but not for the shipping either way ! So I was n't happy and probably wo n't use this service again.Thanks , kathy
 My feet are hard to fit , but I find this shoe comfortable and it provides good support . I 'm glad it is still available .
 I used to buy these shoes 15 years ago -- their quality has not changed . Still a good fit & made very well .
 I wanted a pair of comfortable walking shoes to use on a trip . I frankly hate the clunky , chunky , clumsy Frankenstein-like clodhoppers that seem to be ubiquitous in every store I visited looking for a simple fashionable walking shoe.I did n't think `` fashionable '' and `` comfortable '' were mutually exclusive ! I finally found these Easy Spirit shoes , and they were exactly what I was looking for.Easy Spirit shoes are light , airy , comfortable and go perfectly with jeans or chinos . They are water-resistant as well , so I had no worries about wearing them in rainy weather either . Love 'em .
 Love the shoes . I have this shoe in 5 colors . When I wanted a third WHITE pair could not find them on line at J. C. Penney 's as I have in the past and could not find the white shoes on line at Easy Spirit . Amazon directed me to Shoemall.com where they had this shoe in about 18 different colors . Thank you Amazon !
 I got these for my 93 year old mother who still walks for exercise . She has an extremely hard to find shoe size -LRB- 8 AAAA -RRB- and this is almost the only shoe made in that size any more so we are lucky to be able to buy it for her . She has these in several colors and finds them comfortable to wear every day , all day .
 Love these shoes - could not find them in ther stores in my area . They hae every color but white . Have a pair but they are really old and wanted a pair that looked nicer . The shoes are comfortable and they look a little more dressy than the normal tennis shoe . Paid a little more than the price at our stores but , they are worth the extra cost .
 I love Easy Spirit walking shoes . They are n't a sneaker and do n't look like one but that is what they feel like - very comfortable !
 I love these shoes . I work in a place that has a professional dress code and I ca n't wear sneakers or shower type shoes . Recently my company instituted a fitness/walking program of 10,000 steps a day . The floors in my building are hard stone/granite and can be slippery when the humidity is high , so I needed a shoe with a rubber sole , looked professional and gave support and comfort ... this shoe fit the ticket . The shoes are comfortable , very lightweight , well constructed and good value for my money . I would recommend them to anyone who walks or are on their feet a large percentage of the day.I 'm thinking of getting another pair in an alternative color . I have seen these shoes in various mail order catalogs for about $ 10.00 more than from Amazon -LRB- and the vendor -RRB- .
 I love these shoes . Have been wearing them for years and hope Easy Spirit does not EVER stop making them ! Great support for tired feet !
 I have a very narrow foot and I need shoes that I can put an orthotic in . Easy spirits work well for me . I love this color . It gives me a lift and I do n't feel quite as dowdy as usual !
 FOR ME , THE EASY SPIRT `` MOTION '' SHOE IS T_H_E PERFECT SHOE . I am unable to wear heels , -LRB- long story -RRB- -- but these shoes , which lace up as in any true oxford , have a streamlined look that many other oxford shoes today , burdened as they are with extra outside padding , do not . The result is , that this is indeed a SLIM , WALKING shoe , not a bulky sports shoe . It is as neat and pretty as any woman 's oxford shoe can be.This is a very , very comfortable shoe . It is not quite accurate to say it is like walking on air -- but it IS as comortable as a shoe can be , I believe , without going to the expense of custom-made shoes.When a shoe comes in many , many colours , you KNOW it has to be a GOOD shoe . Because so many people are buying it , the manufacturer can afford to branch out and make it in many different colours . For a very long time , I happily wore the WHITE color of this shoe , whilst my mom wore the WHEAT colour . We were both very happy with them!Then , I saw in a well-known catalogue , that they are available from the store associated with that catalogue , -LRB- on special order only -RRB- , in G O L D colour ! And not just a `` goldEN '' colour -- but a true , gold foil colour ! And at the same price as all the other colours ! All that `` special ordering '' the gold -LRB- foil -RRB- shoes , was to wait a few weeks longer.I have now worn the -LRB- shiny ! -RRB- gold -LRB- foil -RRB- colour of Easy Spirit `` Motion '' shoes for a few years . I have gotten several very nice complimnts on them as well ! And no wonder -- they look almost like golden-colour `` bronzedd '' baby shoes , or , are somewhat similar to the sheen in Princess Elizabeth and Princess Margaret 's flat pumps , in the famous `` double negative '' picture , by Marcus Adams -- taken in Buckingham Palace , with their mother , father , and corgi dog . The picture is in black and white , so I have no idea if the Princesses wore gold or silver pumps in it . But -- the foil-bright SHINE is the same ! In the words of the classic song ... '' Oh ... dem golden slippers ... ! ''
 This is a wonderful shoe . I had a hard time finding it until I went to Amazon and there it was . They are so comfortable and I feel safe in them as there is good support .
 I love my Easy Spirit Women 's Motion Fitness Casual Crocs . My feet are grateful for the caressing of these shoes . I no longer need to hurry home as I have comfort for the day . Thank you !!
 I have used Easy Spirit when I show my dogs for several years . They are light weight and have good traction when moving my dog . I wore my last pair for several years until my new puppy chewed them .
 These are the most comfortable shoes ever made and they look very conservative . I have them in several colors because they look good with slacks or skirts . They hold up well with everyday use and are lightweight so they pack well . If you try one pair , you keep coming back to them for your basic wardrobe .
 I purchased these shoes to wear for casual wear with my jeans when I did not want to wear my regular walking shoes . They are cute , stylish and comfortable for everyday wear , not recommended for heavy walking .
 I have had over 10 pairs of easy spirit shoes and have these in two colours . I have high insteps , high arches and hammertoes ... and these are still comfortable . The support is not as good as in their running and training shoes , yet plenty good for walking long distances and taking public transport daily .
 I got this pair of Easy Spirit shoes to replace my previous pair of Easy Spirit lace-ups , which had been my favorite pair of casual shoes for the past 15-20 years -LRB- I know , hard to believe they lasted that long - Easy Spirit is a great brand ! -RRB- . My new brown leather lace-ups are well-made , stylish , and very comfortable . If you 're looking for sharp-looking shoes that are easy on the feet for long periods of wear , I 'd say go for these !
 I have bought Easy Spirit shoes for years , so I knew the quality of this product . I was not disappointed . Shoes arrived in reasonable time , in perfect condition . Color and size as requested . Only wish I could get some other colors at this GREAT rate !
 We got Kaepa shoes for our cheer squad and they were AWESOME ! I loved how the laces were inside this pocket ! On the cheer squad I was on before this year , the laces would CONSTANTLY be such a huge problem , but these new lacings are COOL .
 I got these 5 days ago and I have been wearing them non-stop . I guess I did n't read the sizing correctly , as I got a medium and I wear a size 8.5 shoe . Medium = 6.5-7 .5 in these slippers , but they still fit me . SO comfortable and not bulky like most slippers are . Definately buy these ! :-RRB- They are a great price !
 So comfy & stay on my feet running up & down the stairs . Love that they go in the washing machine . I have 3 colors of them now .
 These are the best slippers , soft , washable , long lasting and comfortable . I have had a pair for 15 years , these are for a friendI know she will love them
 Well the only way I can explain it is . The slippers do not fit me however my wife thinks they are great and she hopes that this item will be available for many years . Perhaps I could find them in my size . JUST KIDDING !
 These slippers are quite comfortable . I love the grey color -LRB- wo n't show dirt as much as white -RRB- with pretty embroidery .
 Very cute , fit the bill for a Christmas gift for my mom . They are soft and look nice . And we 're cheap .
 The slippers are comfy , easy to clean , and the bottom is sturdy enough for brief outdoor walks . I love these .
 I have always worn Isotoner . They are comfortable and long lasting . Would make great Christmas gifts for any women on your list .
 These fit perfectly and are a pretty color , just as I ordered . Isotoner makes good slippers , I think . I 've had them for years .
 Excellent product ... comfortable ... made well ... quick delivery ... good price ... elderly mom feels very comfortable with them , they are the only ones she will wear always
 I take a 10 woman 's shoe , but the large sizes are too short and cause pressure on my toes . The x-Lg Isotoners are just what the doctor ordered . They look good , wash nicely , and are comfortable . I have a tendency to walk outside with my slippers on , so the washable nature of the slipper is pretty important . Wandering around in the garden patch in one 's bedroom slippers is probably not too common , but I confess I have been there a time or a hundred . These are cozy , basic and well-made slippers in my estimation .
 As I am overseas , I find reviewer feedback valuable when making online purchases to ensure I do n't waste time and money on shipping . I listened to fellow reviewers and ordered a size up -LRB- if I had followed sizing chart provided by Amazon.com , I would 've had to return for bigger size -RRB- . Slippers are beautiful , well-made and oh so comfy .
 These are attractive , feminine ballerina slippers . My husband thinks they are cut on me too ! They are comfortable , cushioned nicely and wash well . I first bought these at a top rate store and was delighted years later to find them available on-line . I bought two pairs !
 I ordered these slippers as described , but I did n't know they run small . I wear a size 8 normally and they were too small . I returned them and ordered a size 9 in both black and leopard . They fit perfectly and I love the rubber sole .
 Love this little shoe I wear sz 6 1/2 and ordered a sm . I have owned many Isotoner house shoes and recommend it for a soft comfortable house shoe . Thank you Amazon for free shipping and for convenient shopping .
 Actually have them on right now !! nice and comfy but lightweight ... have already washed them and they wash perfectly ... definitely recommend !! I wear a size 8 shoe and purchased the large and the fit is perfect . .
 They were exactly what my Wife was looking for . She could not find them in the stores . This is the only kind she likes .
 I have worn these for a number of years . After my last pair wore out , I searched my local stores for replacements and could n't find them . I was thrilled to be able to order them online -LRB- two pairs - I do n't want to be caught without them again -RRB- ! They are very warm , yet small and light weight . I tuck them in my purse when I 'm going to hang out at a friend 's house . I love the bottoms - they have a thick cushion but no support structure - perfect for someone like me who would go barefoot if I did n't live in a cold climate ! The cushion is thick enough that I can go out on a damp driveway for the morning paper without the moisture soaking through . They probably wear out faster than a more substantial slipper -LRB- mine tend to wear out at the big toe -RRB- , but for the price , I do n't care . I wear size 9 1/2 or 10 shoes , and the X-Large fits well .
 buy these every year , the same size and same colors . always have been i good quality . will order again next year
 My mother LOVES these slippers ! They are very comfortable and easy to keep clean . Make sure you order a larger size than your shoe size , because slippers are too tight otherwise . My mother had gotten a lovely white-with-pansies terry robe from Soft Surroundings and these slippers look like they were made to go with it . For my Mom , the most important considerations are fit , warmth , washability , and feeling safe walking in them on hardwood floors . These all fit the bill and I highly recommend them .
 I have always loved Isotoner slippers . They fit well and stay on my feet . Nice cushy bottom for more comfort .
 I buy several pair of these per year ... I live in them ! Easy wash and wear and always comfy . I only buy the terry slippers . They are also sold in a satin-like material - which are NOT as comfortable . The elastic at the heel cuts on those . Stick with the terry . -LRB- Every review I 've ever seen says 4 - 5 stars !
 I love the Isotoner ballerina slipper and have worn this style and brand for many years . I wear them around the house and have many pairs so that I have them as well for nighttime .
 GOT THESE FOR MY MOM AS A CHRISTMAS GIFT . SHE LOVES THEM . KEEPS HER TOES NICE & WARM.WILL RECOMMEND TO OTHERS .
 price was good and my mother loves these slippers . they hold up for a long time as well which is good .
 I really love these slippers , from the cotton terry to the flexible soles . They are so comfortable , and they wash really well in the washing machine .
 I have enjoyed these slippers in another color , and wanted another pair . They are very comfortable . I wear them instead of shoes in the house .
 Wanted washable slippers for my Mom , these wash nice and are very comfortable for her . Color is nice too ... sort of periwinkle .
 I love my Isotoner Terry Ballerina slippers ! I was able to get the color and size I wanted and need with no hassle . . they arrived promptly .
 I recently bought , and received these ballet style slippers . Although they are a little like old lady slippers , I will have to say that wearing them feels like I 'm walking on clouds ! They are so soft and comfortable . These are far and away the best slippers I 've ever owned.Verdict
 You ca n't go wrong with these slippers . I have very narrow feet so the elastic band on these slippers `` hugs '' my foot and keeps them on my feet . They arrived when promised with an extra protective cover to keep them from getting stained .
 I have been wearing Isotoner slippers for over 10 years and LOVE them . I also got my daughter interested so we both only buy Isotoners . They are comfortable & last a long time . I wear them nearly every day . . when I am home . I would wear them to go out , if people would n't think that I 'm weird . LOL Try them , you 'll love them too .
 These are the most comfortable slippers I have ever purchased . Easy to get on and off and do n't crowd your feet . The price was reasonable and the product was delivered in a timely fashion . Great buy !!!
 The slippers were just what I * ordered . The price was right , also . I wonder , though how big the large would have been . I probably needed a half size in between .
 I wear a size10 1/2-11 and the XL slippers are wonderful ! Nice colors and so soft & comfortable . They say they are machine washable so I will wash mine in a lingerie mesh bag . These are so worth the money to me.Deb
 I just love these slippers ! I 've used these slippers through the years but for some reason could n't find them at any stores this year . I was so glad to find them at amazon and bought a second pair . They 're so comfortable and super cute ! I hope they do n't discontines this product because they are well worth the price .
 I ordered these as a gift for my aunt , and I know she 'll love them . They are soft , flexible , space-saving and machine washable , perfect for her days spent traveling in their camper .
 I really like how well-cushioned these lightweight slippers are . They are also just right for in-between temperatures . They do n't make your feet too warm , but are warm enough .
 I have worn Isotoner slippers for years and these were great as usual . I would recommend these to anyone . Do n't hesitate to buy .
 When I placed the order , and picked the sized according to the past reviews.Example
 These are a good fit and very comfortable . Make sure you check your shoe size with the s , m , l range carefully .
 Especially good for wearing in a wall to wall carpeted home . Easy to clean - just throw them in the machine but do n't dry them in your dryer . I love them .
 I have bought these for years and am never disappointed . Always true to size . Roomy , soft , comfortable and wash over and over and still look like new . I wo n't buy any other kind of slipper .
 The Isotoner sizing chart is incorrect . The size small should read 5-6 , not the larger size described in the sizing chart .
 I know the material on the top is a tad thinner than what they made several years back , but I still like the shoe . I enjoy them . They are cute on my feet and believe it or not , I have worn them when going to visit family . They have been so comfortable I just did n't want to put shoes on my feet . So I wore them in the car and to the front door of my family . So I hope that lets you know how much I like them . IF I wear them out , I will just get another pair .
 My Mother really liked these slippers . She called me to comment on how well & beautifully packaged the item was & the beautiful box they came in .
 These are great little slippers . Perfect for when u do n't need too much warmth . I 'm a size 8 and medium is perfect . Thoroughly recommend - this is my second pair !
 i love these slippers , but i ordered two slippers and i got one . these slippers are comfortable and i just love them .
 THE SLIPPER IS SO SOFT AND THE COLOR IS NICE TOO , I WILL TAKE THIS ON THE PLAN SO THAT I CAN RELAX MY FEET AND HAVE A NICE TRIP !
 I love these slippers ! They are exactly what I 've been looking for . They 're cute , comfortable , and have just enough padding on the bottom . I wear size 7 1/2 and ordered the medium . At first , I was afraid they were a bit too tight , but after one day they fit perfect . I would definitely recommend these slippers .
 These slippers are soft and stretchy - very comfortable . The embroidery was a cute touch over the usually plain ones .
 She complained about not having slippers , so I bought her 6 pairs for Christmas . These are n't as sexy as the VS ones , but they 're comfy , feminine and surprisingly enough , they do n't look old ladyish -LRB- is that even a word ? -RRB-
 These were a repurchase &#8230; . I have been wearing them for years and as long as they are continues to be made in this style with the same level of comfort I will continue to wear them
 These Isotoners are perfect in so many ways . The color is nice and subdued thus going with anything . They are soft and cushiony . I have washed them in machine with cold water and they look new . They fit my 6 1/2 foot perfectly . And they 're cute !
 Comfortable , easy care and great for traveling . I have several pair and recommend them to all of my friends . Love the color selection and thrilled that they can be washed .
 Been wearing these slippers daily since I 've received them . Ordered size SMALL for myself -LRB- My shoe size is 6 -RRB- and they fit true to size . Soft terry cloth with some flexible cushion on the bottom . The cushion is flexible enough so that if you are sitting with your fit tucked under you , it 's not going to be uncomfortable . The embroidery is dainty and well put together . I do n't see it unraveling anytime soon . The bow at the front is not too big , but just enough to look adorable . It 's been great at keeping my feet warm , especially as the weather is around 30 degrees at the moment.The only thing I would n't recommend is walking outside with these . Definitely not made for outdoor wearing . If it 's raining , it would probably soak up water quickly . I have yet to throw it in the wash but I do n't see it being a problem with the quality it 's made of . Definitely worth the $ 13 !
 Great little slipper when lounging around the house.The material is soft -LRB- like sweat-suit -RRB- and slipper is flexible.The only issue I have with slipper is that contrary to other reviewers who stated it ran small I believe it ran big . I where a 6 1/2 -7 in women 's shoe 's so I ordered a Medium slipper . I have about an inch of empty space in my slipper so I am glad I didnt order a size up based on other reviews.I would recommend this slipper . Have n't washed it yet , that will be the real test !
 I love this slipper ! It 's so pretty and very comfortable . I wear a six and a half and the small fits perfectly . The bottom of the sipper is cushiony leather and does not slip or slide . The terry is soft and flexible , too . They look great and feel great . What more could you ask for ?
 I have had Isotoner slippers for years . These replaced some that had worn out from long wear . Will buy again .
 Like all Easy Spirit shoes , this pair was well-made . I had to return the pair because the shoe was too small . Although I wear a 6.5 in other Easy Spirit styles , this shoe was too short . You may want to order a half-size larger if you order this style .
 The shoes were perfect but my Mother needed a 9.5 N and the shoe came in as a 9N and I had to return it . It cost me $ 15.00 to return the shoe and I wanted the right size but I received the credit for the shoes only on my credit card but not for the shipping either way ! So I was n't happy and probably wo n't use this service again.Thanks , kathy
 My feet are hard to fit , but I find this shoe comfortable and it provides good support . I 'm glad it is still available .
 I used to buy these shoes 15 years ago -- their quality has not changed . Still a good fit & made very well .
 I wanted a pair of comfortable walking shoes to use on a trip . I frankly hate the clunky , chunky , clumsy Frankenstein-like clodhoppers that seem to be ubiquitous in every store I visited looking for a simple fashionable walking shoe.I did n't think `` fashionable '' and `` comfortable '' were mutually exclusive ! I finally found these Easy Spirit shoes , and they were exactly what I was looking for.Easy Spirit shoes are light , airy , comfortable and go perfectly with jeans or chinos . They are water-resistant as well , so I had no worries about wearing them in rainy weather either . Love 'em .
 These shoes are one of the most comfortable I have ever worn . They hold up very well . I have been buying them for years . It was great to find them on line because not every store carries them . I do n't know why .
 This is the third pair of Easy Spirit Motion shoes I 've bought . They are so comfortable and support my feet . I wear them to work and they look great with slacks . These shoes are very sturdy and well made as well as comfortable . I heard that Easy Spirit is discontinuing this style . I hope it is n't so !
 I have had several pair of these in the last 25 years or so . These are so comfy , no break in time required . I 'd like to see more fashion colors , though . I 'd love to have pairs in turquoise , bright yellow , orange , kelly green , hot pink , etc. . I wear these with slacks and tailored skirts , even certain dresses . They are very soft and comfy , durable , and make your foot look very small . I ca n't recommend them strongly enough to anyone who needs to be on thier feet a great deal , or who has foot problems , or who simply wants a sturdy-but-stylish walking shoe .
 My 94 year old Mom loves these shoes and they are almost impossible to find in the store . She as several colors of this style . Her feet are now smaller so we needed to adjust the size . Could not find them in regular stores . Mom loves the comforrable fit and they are safe for her to wear .
 I have worn Easy spirit Women 's shoes for years and they are really a good shoe.Gives good support and always fits well .
 Easy Spirit Women 's Motion Sport Lace UpThese are comfortable , casual shoes . They look dressier than most sport walking shoes and look good with better quality pants . However , I would not wear them to an exercise class .
 I have a difficult time finding shoes that will work for me . Most stores do not carry fashionable women 's shoes in wide widths . I am enjoying this pair of Easy Spirit Shoes in the color red . I would purchase these again without hesitation .
 Love the shoes . I have this shoe in 5 colors . When I wanted a third WHITE pair could not find them on line at J. C. Penney 's as I have in the past and could not find the white shoes on line at Easy Spirit . Amazon directed me to Shoemall.com where they had this shoe in about 18 different colors . Thank you Amazon !
 This is a wonderful shoe . I had a hard time finding it until I went to Amazon and there it was . They are so comfortable and I feel safe in them as there is good support .
 I love my Easy Spirit Women 's Motion Fitness Casual Crocs . My feet are grateful for the caressing of these shoes . I no longer need to hurry home as I have comfort for the day . Thank you !!
 I have used Easy Spirit when I show my dogs for several years . They are light weight and have good traction when moving my dog . I wore my last pair for several years until my new puppy chewed them .
 These are the most comfortable shoes ever made and they look very conservative . I have them in several colors because they look good with slacks or skirts . They hold up well with everyday use and are lightweight so they pack well . If you try one pair , you keep coming back to them for your basic wardrobe .
 I purchased these shoes to wear for casual wear with my jeans when I did not want to wear my regular walking shoes . They are cute , stylish and comfortable for everyday wear , not recommended for heavy walking .
 I have had over 10 pairs of easy spirit shoes and have these in two colours . I have high insteps , high arches and hammertoes ... and these are still comfortable . The support is not as good as in their running and training shoes , yet plenty good for walking long distances and taking public transport daily .
 I got this pair of Easy Spirit shoes to replace my previous pair of Easy Spirit lace-ups , which had been my favorite pair of casual shoes for the past 15-20 years -LRB- I know , hard to believe they lasted that long - Easy Spirit is a great brand ! -RRB- . My new brown leather lace-ups are well-made , stylish , and very comfortable . If you 're looking for sharp-looking shoes that are easy on the feet for long periods of wear , I 'd say go for these !
 I have bought Easy Spirit shoes for years , so I knew the quality of this product . I was not disappointed . Shoes arrived in reasonable time , in perfect condition . Color and size as requested . Only wish I could get some other colors at this GREAT rate !
 This is a great shoe for me . It is light weight yet supportive . It looks dressier than I expected , which I am very pleased about .
 I got these for my 93 year old mother who still walks for exercise . She has an extremely hard to find shoe size -LRB- 8 AAAA -RRB- and this is almost the only shoe made in that size any more so we are lucky to be able to buy it for her . She has these in several colors and finds them comfortable to wear every day , all day .
 Love these shoes - could not find them in ther stores in my area . They hae every color but white . Have a pair but they are really old and wanted a pair that looked nicer . The shoes are comfortable and they look a little more dressy than the normal tennis shoe . Paid a little more than the price at our stores but , they are worth the extra cost .
 I love Easy Spirit walking shoes . They are n't a sneaker and do n't look like one but that is what they feel like - very comfortable !
 I love these shoes . I work in a place that has a professional dress code and I ca n't wear sneakers or shower type shoes . Recently my company instituted a fitness/walking program of 10,000 steps a day . The floors in my building are hard stone/granite and can be slippery when the humidity is high , so I needed a shoe with a rubber sole , looked professional and gave support and comfort ... this shoe fit the ticket . The shoes are comfortable , very lightweight , well constructed and good value for my money . I would recommend them to anyone who walks or are on their feet a large percentage of the day.I 'm thinking of getting another pair in an alternative color . I have seen these shoes in various mail order catalogs for about $ 10.00 more than from Amazon -LRB- and the vendor -RRB- .
 I love these shoes . Have been wearing them for years and hope Easy Spirit does not EVER stop making them ! Great support for tired feet !
 I have a very narrow foot and I need shoes that I can put an orthotic in . Easy spirits work well for me . I love this color . It gives me a lift and I do n't feel quite as dowdy as usual !
 FOR ME , THE EASY SPIRT `` MOTION '' SHOE IS T_H_E PERFECT SHOE . I am unable to wear heels , -LRB- long story -RRB- -- but these shoes , which lace up as in any true oxford , have a streamlined look that many other oxford shoes today , burdened as they are with extra outside padding , do not . The result is , that this is indeed a SLIM , WALKING shoe , not a bulky sports shoe . It is as neat and pretty as any woman 's oxford shoe can be.This is a very , very comfortable shoe . It is not quite accurate to say it is like walking on air -- but it IS as comortable as a shoe can be , I believe , without going to the expense of custom-made shoes.When a shoe comes in many , many colours , you KNOW it has to be a GOOD shoe . Because so many people are buying it , the manufacturer can afford to branch out and make it in many different colours . For a very long time , I happily wore the WHITE color of this shoe , whilst my mom wore the WHEAT colour . We were both very happy with them!Then , I saw in a well-known catalogue , that they are available from the store associated with that catalogue , -LRB- on special order only -RRB- , in G O L D colour ! And not just a `` goldEN '' colour -- but a true , gold foil colour ! And at the same price as all the other colours ! All that `` special ordering '' the gold -LRB- foil -RRB- shoes , was to wait a few weeks longer.I have now worn the -LRB- shiny ! -RRB- gold -LRB- foil -RRB- colour of Easy Spirit `` Motion '' shoes for a few years . I have gotten several very nice complimnts on them as well ! And no wonder -- they look almost like golden-colour `` bronzedd '' baby shoes , or , are somewhat similar to the sheen in Princess Elizabeth and Princess Margaret 's flat pumps , in the famous `` double negative '' picture , by Marcus Adams -- taken in Buckingham Palace , with their mother , father , and corgi dog . The picture is in black and white , so I have no idea if the Princesses wore gold or silver pumps in it . But -- the foil-bright SHINE is the same ! In the words of the classic song ... '' Oh ... dem golden slippers ... ! ''
 A great fit . Comfortable . Easy care.Con
 This is the 3rd pair of Easy Spirit Walkers I 've owned ... and have worn out the first two ! The new ones carried me happily all over Boston on a recent vacation and not a single complaint ! These are the most attractive walking shoes I 've seen or worn
 Easy Spirit 's Motion Sport Lace Up shoes :1 . Provide all day comfortable -LRB- sometimes you forget you have them on -RRB- .2 . Come in great colors .3 . May resemble ` old lady ' shoes -LRB- not meaning to be offensive -RRB- . Yet they match just about anything you wear -LRB- casual or business -RRB- .4 . Last a very , very long time . I am still wearing several pairs I bought five-six years ago and have n't had a problem yet .5 . Come in a large variety of sizes .
 These shoes are extremely comfortable . I have several pairs in different colors and wear them all the time .
 I love these shoes ! I have bought several pairs in different colors . They are as comfortable as atheltic shoes but much more stylish . But beware -- they run small ! I normally wear a size 6.5 , but I have to order a size 7 with these .
 What a pleasure to walk all day in a stylish flat that also offers cushioning and good support and not have to wear clunky running shoes with skirts . I broke several bones in my right foot four years ago and ca n't wear heels . I also have narrow feet . Well , this is the first shoe I 've been able to wear all day and still feel stylish without breaking the bank . I bought them in every color , including metallic silver and gold ! A shoe for all seasons : -RRB-
 The shoes have cushion where needed which makes it a very comfortable shoe for walking . They are also very good when you have to be standing for a lenghth of time . I would recommend this shoe for people who have to be on their feet -LRB- working/standing -RRB- for a long period of time .
 I found these to be a perfect fit . They are very comfortable and great for those long shopping trips . Look very nice with both casual dress and jeans .
 Finding these shoes on Amazon were like winning the grand prize in a raffle.My mother is 91 yrs . old and sent me on a ride visiting Easy Spirit stores totry and locate these shoes in this particular color to replace an older pair.I did not find these in any store . I decided to check Amazon and was nicelysurprised to find them . She is so happy and they are comfortable.Best part is making your mother happy , thank you Amazon .
 I have worn Easy Spirit shoes for many years and find them comfortable and durable . I have had ongoing back problems , and find these shoes to help lessen back pain .
 Easy Spirit shoes of all types are unquestionably the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn . I recently bought 5 different types of shoes and they are all fantastic . I have medical issues that make it difficult for me to wear shoes of any kind . Easy Spirit allows me to walk like I have n't for several years . Quality and comfort are fantastic .
 I purchased these for my mother and she was happy with the color and the size . Thank you very much .
 I always liked the Easy Spirit shoes.These are very comfortable and a good buy.I may order another pair in a different color.I would recommend them to anyone who wants a comfortable shoe .
 I have been wearing this style for years at work where I am always on my feet . I was unable to find them at the Easy Spirit outlet but got them here no problem
 I LIKE THESE SHOES THE STYLE AND WEAR IS VERY COMFORTING . THEY CAN BE DRESS DOWN AND UP IN WHAT EVER YOU WEAR .
 I have worn this style of Easy Spirit shoe for many years . I 'm so thankful that it has n't chaged . It 's stylish , yet very comfortable and gives my feet excellent support . I thoroughly recommend it .
 Having been an Easy Spirit fan for many years , I 'm always looking for less-than-full price shoes . These `` Motion '' have been a consistently good buy , a great value shoe that holds up well , comfortable , polishes like new , and never separates at the seams . I wear the newest ones for outings , the older ones for around the house , the oldest ones for the garden . But I always watch for when they go for less than full price ... because I know I will get great , consistent shoes .
 My order was processed and shipped in amazing time . Thanks so much for your 5 Star Service
 These are the most comfortable shoes if you are on your feet all day . They look good and fit so well .
 I love these shoes , well made , comfortable and nice looking . I expect them to last me a good long time .
 Like all Easy Spirit Shoes , these are great . Order arrived a few days after placing the order . High quality shoes at a great price .
 I know I wear these shoes more often than I should , there are days when I should probably wear dressier shoes , but I wear one of my pairs of Easy Spirit Motions Sport Lace-ups everyday because they are so comfortable . They seem quite durable too .
 The shoe runs narrow . The inside label says both &#34; B &#34; and &#34; D &#34; , B is printed on top of a line and D is printed underneath . I do n't know what that means , I ordered D width , but they seem to be a B width by appearance . HOWEVER , they are very comfortable anyway on my wide feet ! They are well-made and quite attractive , I can wear them with nice dresses/skirts . I am going to order more .
 OK . I have been wearing this style of shoes for decades . Decades ! You do n't go back time and again to buy a shoe that is n't comfortable , long wearing , and a good value.One reason I keep coming back to this style of shoe is it looks very nice and neat . It does n't look weird . So many shoes look just awful and I ca n't imagine how anyone could wear them . I call them chunky-clunks as they do n't look feminine in the least.These shoes come in many colors -LRB- I usually buy a neutral color -RRB- and everyone should be able to find a color they like . I 've worn them in the rain and have had no trouble with them -LRB- not talking about floods here . -RRB- All in all , I recommend this style of shoes .
 I brought this for my Mother . She loves the shoes . This is the only place I could get them . Her Christmas was made by receiving this product .
 We got Kaepa shoes for our cheer squad and they were AWESOME ! I loved how the laces were inside this pocket ! On the cheer squad I was on before this year , the laces would CONSTANTLY be such a huge problem , but these new lacings are COOL .
 I have been a purchaser of Cole Haan shoes for a long time . I 've always believed good footwear is very important if you 're on your feet all day . I have friends who buy cheap shoes and always complain how their feet hurt . I am extremely tough on footwear because of my size . I 'm 6 ' 5 '' , weigh 215 lbs and have a very high arch in my foot . I like all leather shoes because they will last a long time with proper care and they can be resoled . Cole Haan shoes are always true to size and this style can be worn with Dockers , dress slacks , a suit and jeans . I 'm giving them 4 stars only because they took much longer to break in than other Cole Haan shoes I 've owned . Once they loosened up , they are extremely comfortable and look good all the time .
 I 've worn Cole Haan shoes for probably the last 20 years and these pinch-tassel loafers are alway good quality at a very reasonable price . They are one of the few shoes that you can find in EEE sizes for wide feet and they wear very well . The leather uppers hold up well and the leather soles last a long while also , but I 'd suggest taking them to a shoe store after you buy them and having soles/heels put on them before the leather soles/heels wear down much . If you do they 'll wear a couple years longer . They 're comfortable , look good , and polish up great -- and at that price you ca n't beat them . I buy both the black and burgundy colors and can wear them with anything -- dress or casual .
 I have kind of wide feet , so I went with 3E , the regular size is pretty narrow . I love these shoes , they go with any color pants , and are great for the work environment .
 This is my third pair . I tend to wer loafers out pretty fast -LRB- Shoeswithin 6 months typically -RRB- but these last over two years . They are well made . I switched to these when Rockport stopped selling the style I liked . They were great too , but these last longer than Rockports . Price was great too . I am willing to pay for a good product , and these are good product .
 This cost me about $ 60 less than buying it at a local store . Good quality , good fit . I 'd buy it again .
 I finally broke down last week to replace the pair of Cole Haan pinch tassel shoes I 'd been wearing for the past 4 years . I had replaced the sole and heel already and was wearing through the current one . The uppers and tassels were still in good shape , so I was holding off as long as possible to milk every penny out of them . Slipped them on today and they 're -LRB- almost -RRB- as comfortable as my 4-year old pair . Great shoe at a great value .
 I have 3 pairs of these , one in each color . I LOVE THEM . Nice fit , very well made , durable and classic . With my unusual size -LRB- 13 3E -RRB- I am very happy they make such a good looking shoe that fits me . I highly recommend them !
 Love Cole Haan shoes and even better when they 're on sale . I purchased 2 pair and will again when Amazon has them for $ 99
 This is a classic loafer that looks good and lasts . It is durable and holds a shine . Taken care of they last for years .
 Great product . Comfortable and stylish . One of the few styles available in narrow widths . Fast service as well . I have the same shoe in black .
 I have been a purchaser of Cole Haan shoes for a long time . I 've always believed good footwear is very important if you 're on your feet all day . I have friends who buy cheap shoes and always complain how their feet hurt . I am extremely tough on footwear because of my size . I 'm 6 ' 5 '' , weigh 215 lbs and have a very high arch in my foot . I like all leather shoes because they will last a long time with proper care and they can be resoled . Cole Haan shoes are always true to size and this style can be worn with Dockers , dress slacks , a suit and jeans . I 'm giving them 4 stars only because they took much longer to break in than other Cole Haan shoes I 've owned . Once they loosened up , they are extremely comfortable and look good all the time .
 I 've worn Cole Haan shoes for probably the last 20 years and these pinch-tassel loafers are alway good quality at a very reasonable price . They are one of the few shoes that you can find in EEE sizes for wide feet and they wear very well . The leather uppers hold up well and the leather soles last a long while also , but I 'd suggest taking them to a shoe store after you buy them and having soles/heels put on them before the leather soles/heels wear down much . If you do they 'll wear a couple years longer . They 're comfortable , look good , and polish up great -- and at that price you ca n't beat them . I buy both the black and burgundy colors and can wear them with anything -- dress or casual .
 I have kind of wide feet , so I went with 3E , the regular size is pretty narrow . I love these shoes , they go with any color pants , and are great for the work environment .
 This is my third pair . I tend to wer loafers out pretty fast -LRB- Shoeswithin 6 months typically -RRB- but these last over two years . They are well made . I switched to these when Rockport stopped selling the style I liked . They were great too , but these last longer than Rockports . Price was great too . I am willing to pay for a good product , and these are good product .
 This cost me about $ 60 less than buying it at a local store . Good quality , good fit . I 'd buy it again .
 I finally broke down last week to replace the pair of Cole Haan pinch tassel shoes I 'd been wearing for the past 4 years . I had replaced the sole and heel already and was wearing through the current one . The uppers and tassels were still in good shape , so I was holding off as long as possible to milk every penny out of them . Slipped them on today and they 're -LRB- almost -RRB- as comfortable as my 4-year old pair . Great shoe at a great value .
 I have 3 pairs of these , one in each color . I LOVE THEM . Nice fit , very well made , durable and classic . With my unusual size -LRB- 13 3E -RRB- I am very happy they make such a good looking shoe that fits me . I highly recommend them !
 Love Cole Haan shoes and even better when they 're on sale . I purchased 2 pair and will again when Amazon has them for $ 99
 This is a classic loafer that looks good and lasts . It is durable and holds a shine . Taken care of they last for years .
 Great product . Comfortable and stylish . One of the few styles available in narrow widths . Fast service as well . I have the same shoe in black .
 Some products are a nice surprise - like this one . The shoes are nice , standard , white , going to the mall types but there 's a twist
 This is still a good walking shoe , quite comfortable for city walking . The deep brown color accommodates either brown or blue pants .
 I have been wearing this make & style of shoe for approx 10 years . I need to wear orthotics , and the shoes have a better depth of heel for ankle support , even after the orthotics are fitted . The order value was good and service excellent .
 Great for walking . I would recommend to anyone that walks a lot . The fit is true to size . I wear mine everyday when I take me walks . Thanks for a great shoe
 Though nobody would mistake the World Tour for a dress shoe , the Brown version looks a little cheap in my opinion , so I purchased the shoes in Black and Cocolate Nubuck which look better . For for brown I went with the Clark 's Portland , which appears more upscale . The Rockport 's are lighter and slightly more comfortable thanks to the softer leather and cushier sole , despite the super-cheap and thin removable insole ; the Clark 's have a much better insole but a harder sole . Either shoe provides all-day walking comfort.Beware - some iterations of the World Tour are uncomfortable around the top sides of the ankle , while other samples of the same shoe are perfect . Maybe the shoe is manufactured in two different locations with varying tolerances.If you favour class go with the Clark 's ; if you want comfort above all go with the Rockports -LRB- but try before you buy to ensure you do n't get ones that inflict ankle discomfort -RRB- .
 These are the perfect shoes for me they make 1/2 sizes in large widths . They usually last me a year when I wear them constantly . The main issue is trying to find them when I need to buy a new pair . No one sells them except on line .
 Great fitting shoes with a lot of comfort built in . They look good with jeans , khakis , and any other slacks . Wore them all day yesterday for the first time and were comfortable all day long . Good solid walking shoe .
 I looked at many shoes that had the traditional office type look but I needed them to be something I could stand in all day and even do a lot of walking on hard surfaces . I purchased a pair of Rockport walking shoes in 2002 and after having ground through that 1,000 steps Dakota Trail in the Dandenong ranges I was convinced Rockport are the king . I read all the reviews from people who also stand a lot and have problematic feet and was convinced these were right . Good decision . I wore them for two days and sometimes I dont know I am wearing them . So light and good heel and sole grip . I like the style as they can be worn for two purposes , walking and going out in the evening . I will be taking them overseas to France and the Chzek Republic next year and their light weight and dual purpose will save on excess baggage costs . Nothing like having comfortable well designed shoes when stamping around the concrete of Paris or the countryside paths of the Aquitane . Thanks to all the good folk who contributed to my decision to buy them.July 2012 - Well I 'm back from France now and I cant believe how good these shoes were . We walked all over Lourdes , Biarritz and Paris sometimes for 5/6 hours per day . My feet never felt sore or tired and I did not have to wear my orthotic insoles at any time -LRB- in fact I left them home on the basis of the reviews I read prior to purchase . Waterproofing never failed for those days when it did rain . I would recommend wearing thicker socks than normal though because the thin cotton or polyester socks then to chaffe on your skin . That was not a problem for me as I did a trial wear prior to travelling and got it right for the trip to Europe.I now wear these rockports to work all the time . Best shoes I have ever purchased .
 Hmmmm ! where do i start , back in 1989I was in a bad car accident , which messed up my ankle Ipurchased this shoe and it worked perfectlybecause i knew that my foot would never get better , and concernedthat the `` shoe '' might be discontinued , I purchased 10 pairs !! after 22 years I was down to my last pair -LRB- i am rough on shoes.expecting to pay 99.00 per pair I was delighted to only pay about60 here on amazon.Jim from pa THIS IS A GREAT SHOE !!!
 Always liked Rockports - Very light , comfortable , great to walk in , nice style . The Rockport World Tour was no different . The only problem is that the top left eyelets on both shoes had metal that snagged and shredded the shoe laces as you snugged them up to tie the shoes . Used a round file to attempt to smooth out the eyelets . Helped somewhat . Looks like I 'll be purchasing replacement laces for a long time since Rockports generally wear well .
 Comfortable and smart enough for west coast business meetings . You have to keep them out of the rain though as the suede finish does n't like water at all .
 I am on my second pair . I usually wear these 3 or 4 times a week and they lasted for over 3 years . I think shoes last longer if we give them a `` rest '' . I use a spenco athletic insert for additional support . They are great for travel . They ventilate well , I do n't have the nasty overheated/wet feeling I get with some shoes . overall-good buy , durable , good quality . I can afford buying more costly shoes why not get good value ?
 These shoes were of good quality and the Amazon service was good . I normally wear a medium width shoe and this shoe in a Medium was too tight.A Wide would have probably worked OK .
 True to size ; no break-in required ; comfortable right out the box . Own numerous Rockports in various styles - never disappointed .
 I have a narrow low volume foot and these fit the bill.The size 13n is a true narrow.I wear orthotics and remove the insole first then replace it over my orthotic.I found them to be very comfortable and durable.I now own the black , chocolate nubuck , and recently received the sand nubuck.Amazon offered the lowest price found and even Emailed me with this offer with free shipping!Will be back thanks Amazon !
 I wear Rockports anytime Wingtips are too formal , and sneakers wo n't do . They are comfortable , long lasting , and stay cool even on hot city sidewalks . On the back , there is a little plastic tag which my 10-year old thought should light up , but other than that I have never experienced any complaints !
 this is a great shoe - comfortable and surdy . Good support and oerfect for a walking tour . Amazon 's price was incredible .
 Shoes require some break-in , but are comfortable and have plenty of room inside for additional orthodic supports if needed . Non slip soles are great in bad weather . The only downside is they look like shoes for the elderly .
 they are comfortable and reliable as i do a lot of walking each and every day . rockport continues to make a good product .
 I do n't buy cheap shoes , because I am a walker and I demand comfort right out of the box . That is why I swear by Rockports . I have a more narrow foot , and many casual shoes in medium width , Clarks , others , are just not quite right in fit . Rockports at width medium just fit me perfect . The World Tour Classic has a great look . Some of the Rockport walker styles look like &#34; old man shoes &#34; however , are comfortable .
 My husband walked all over Paris , London , & Edinburgh 12 or so years ago . He loved them ! Extremely comfortable ! Wore them completely out . After much searching we found another pair . The love affair continues !
 I bought these shoes because my feet hurt from wearing tennis shoes on my treadmill . I owned some Rockport shoes for everyday use but I had always thought tennis shoes were best for workouts . Not so . The firmer sole on the Rockport shoes is much more comfortable for my feet and my experience with other Rockport shoes is that they last a very long time .
 The price is reasonable and more comfortable to wear . However the actual size is just a little smaller than specified . But it does n`t matter.Spend a little time to adjust to this pair of shoesThe color is better than it showes on the screen.I like the shoes
 I work with a lot of computers in large labs where I have to bend over , walk about from here to there and occasionally , I walk to the restaurants close by . These shoes are the most comfortable shoes that I 've ever owned . They do last a long time too . These are my second pair and I 've had the second pair for about 5 years . I do n't wear them every day , but when I do , I do feel the comfort when wearing them all day . Let 's face it , the last thing you want to do is to change shoes while at work . That 's a pain . Anyway , I 've got my eye on another pair just like them and plan on ordering again .
 I have narrow feet . Finding a shoe made in narrow width -LRB- B or N -RRB- is very difficult . These ones are consistently comfortable for me . The heel of the shoe is narrow enough with good padding such that it hold my heel well . The laces can be tightened enough to hold my extremely narrow foot . Great arch support . Shoe breaths well . Reasonably pricedThe chocolate Nubuck is a great look for a casual shoe.I also own the sand Nubuck - the light colour means most people assume it is a sneaker unless they look closely.I also own both the black and brown tumbled version of this shoe . Good enough looking to use as a dress shoe . A bit clunky looking from a dress fashion point of view . Definitely not the most elegant or sexy men 's fashion shoe . But that is true of almost every comfortable shoe I have ever found in a narrow width for a reasonable price . Heck - us people with weird shaped feet need to take what we can get.All in all I give it an excellent review for a shoe made in narrow widths at a reasonable price . Which should be fairly obvious from the fact I have purchased this style from Rockport for more than 20 years and have it in all the styles still available.Amazon 's price is equal or better than any I have found for this shoe on the Internet . Given Amazon 's generally less expensive shipping , great range of stock , cost and good customer service , I consider this the place to go for this shoe .
 I bought 3 pair for the 3 men in my life . After reading the reviews , I decided to treat my fellas that work 10 hour days on their feet . Each have reported back to me that my purchase was well worth it . The shoes are so very comfortable and do n't look half bad . 2 of my guys have heel troubles but these shoes keep their heels firmly in place and pain free .
 These shoes have been a staple in our house for years . They have the comfort & fit of a sneaker but are much ` dressier ' . With daily wear these shoes last for months and months .
 The word `` comfort '' is a fuzzy term . It depends on personal opinions . Before I purchased these shoes , I imagined that the shoes ' comfort level would be the same as running sneakers ' . This is not the case . The Rockport World Tour shoes ' comfort level is comparable to those of quality working steel toes -LRB- but without the steel , of course -RRB- . So , if you would like to have running sneakers ' comfort , you should try the sneaker-style walking shoes instead.The inner sole is rigid with a little bit arch support . It slightly bends when walking . This `` walking platform '' is excellent for walking and standing . I feel very stable in them and feel relieved from my lower back problem which was caused by long standing in unstable shoes . The tumble brown leather is very nice ; not too soft and not too stiff . I do n't need a break in period for the shoes as a whole . However , the collar , which is the top part of the shoes around the angle , bites during the first few days . This is my first Rockport so I do not know the quality and comfort level of the previous years version of this model . The only issue that I have with the shoes is the collar . It is too rough and rubs against my inner angle . This is why I give the shoes four stars .
 I purchased these shoes for my husband . Perfect fit . He has worn them to work and has found them very comfortable . He has a wide foot and xw worked for him . I would recommend these shoes .
 The company did a good job in returning the proper size shoes.I wish I did n't have to pay for the return shipment .
 I 've gotten compliments on the color and style of these shoes . I plan on buying a 2nd pair . I ordered a Size 9 but a 9.5 would be better . I suggest ordering shoe sizes up 1/2 size , based on my experiences.Also , very very comfortable all day/night . Very pleased . Order was received quickly .
 This is my first pair of shoes from Rockport . I wo n't hesitate to buy another pair from Rockport , when I need it .
 This is why some brick-and-mortar retailers are dying . A local store gave me the wrong size , had to bring it back , then they were out of the right size . Walking out to the car , I fired up the iPhone app and pushed a button and then the right size ones appeared at my door two days later , thanks to Amazon.com .
 I ordered these for my husband to replace a pair of the same shoes . He says they are comfortable , have good support and walk well . They seem to be true to size . He hopes to get at much wear from this pair as the last ones . These look good with jeans or casual pants , could probably pull off with a suit as well . They seem to be good quality , I guess time will tell though .
 My husband has worn these several times and says they are comfortable . But !! I was surprised to find they were made in Vietnam , why ca n't anything be made in the US ? they were not cheap .
 Not as comfortable as previous models of walking shoes by Rockport but overall still very good compared to other brands .
 These shoes fit the bill for causal dress with a touch of class and sizing was accurate .
 I like this product i have use this item and othersfrom this brand since more than 10 years ago .
 These are very comfortable it is very hard to find size 13 wide and extra wide in a store.Amazon was quick and easy will use more often this was my first time to use this site thanks !
 GREAT SHOES . They look good and feel good . I walk a lot and have sore feet , but these shoes keep my feet relatively comfortable . My next pair will definitely be Rockport .
 My husband has worn these style shoes for sometime and these Rockports did not let us down . Excellent product as always .
 First time buying shoes online , very pleased with fit and comfort . Took the advice of eariler reviews , and selected 9.5 instead of usual size 10 . Had experienced arch pain with other shoes , have been pain free since switching to Rockport .
 Most comfortable , longest lasting shoes I have ever owned . Very good value . I do n't wear anything else .
 Comfortable walking shoes - I am very happy with the entire transaction and would recommend Rockport to my friends and my relatives .
 This is a great shoe as are all Rockport walking shoes.gfm
 I received the shoes promptly . They were exactly what I expected . I had already owned this model and can say that I am as pleased with the new shoes as I was with the old . Thanks
 Over the past several years I have managed projects in the Middle East . The Rockport World Tour has been a constant companion . It is comfortable and is sand colored which was the reason I purchased my first pair . Since then I have purchased two additional pair based on their comfort and wearability . If you do a lot of walking especially in rough terrain , these are a great addition to your wardrobe ...
 The first pair was worn through snow , sidewalk , hiking in Ghana , everywhere . I only had to let them go because I was in a car crash and got glass inside the shoe . -LRB- I have no idea how that happened ... -RRB- The second pair ... five years or so ... everywhere , sidewalks , snow , mud , hiking in a Moroccan desert , everywhere , until the sole wore out . So comfortable and so indestructible . Then the third pair -- again , everywhere , snow , ice , Zambia , sidewalks , went mountain hiking -LRB- very rocky/rough on shoes -RRB- three times , then river rafting . Even hiked -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- in three feet of water for several hours in these LEATHER shoes . They dried out , polished right up . The sole is wearing out -LRB- I 'm hard on heels -RRB- , but I 'll keep them around . Time for another pair that wo n't look as scruffy . Not yet sure if it 's worth the extra $ $ to get the elite upgrade.These things are `` bulletproof '' . If every army in the world made uniforms out of these things , nobody would ever get killed in a war again ...
 I just threw out my first pair of Rockport World Tour , purchased in 1996 . They marched around Europe twice , Asia , NZ and Australia , and did a couple of years duty at work.Great fit , and comfortable for all day walking around Rome or Paris.I liked them so much that I 've just bought another pair for my next trip .
 i received my order ahead of schedule and the Rockport walking shoe is well-constructed and comfortable . It cost a bit more than I would have preferred , but I think it is still a good value . I recommend it to anyone desiring a good walking shoe .
 I needed a comfortable shoe that I could wear at work -LRB- no tennis shoe policy -RRB- , and this shoe is well built . The best thing about it is that it is very lightweight . Heavy shoes make you tired . I also walk quite a bit and these can go the miles in comfort . My new favorite shoe .
 Shoes arrived on schedule , tracking info supplied was prompt and accurate . Shoes were packages so the shoes were not damaged and were exactly as advertize in color , size and condition . Service from Amazon and its ' affiliates is always correct and prompt , exactly as advertise , which is why I continue to buy from them .
 I bought these after reviewing several items on line , and then trying a few at local shops , but got the best deal at Amazon . These shoes are very comfortable , and they also look good in dark jeans , or with cotton casual khaki style pants , and a sport jacket . They are the perfect shoe for international travel , when you can only fit one or two extra pair in your luggage . These are light enough , for the travel and very comfortable to walk for all day excursions . They look good and fit well . I wear a wide width shoe and these shoes really work well in the wide width in the toe box and arch but not too sloppy in the heel . I choose the Black Tumbled style to work in casual , and business casual type settings , and they do work . I have had them now for a few months and I am very pleased . Together with a pair of deck shoes , and light formal dress shoes , I had all I needed for 3 weeks in Europe and a cruise .
 This is the third or fourth pair of these I have owned . They are very soft , comfortable , and lightweight . Might feet are very sensitive to new footware , but I can wear these all day right out of the box.I do n't have any scientific proof for this , but it seems in my memory that they do n't last as long as some other sneakers . Also , they get smooth on the bottom after awhile . This can make them slippery on wet marble , steel grates or other slippery surfaces.The shoes are great for a business-casual office . -LRB- I also have a pair of Rockport dress shoes , which are equally lightweight and comfortable . -RRB- I recommend these shoes highly , although you may have to replace them a little more frequently than some other brands . That 's a small price to pay for these nice-looking and very comfortable shoes .
 I walk from the bus to the office each morning about 4 city blocks and 2.5 miles at lunch each day . I wanted a shoe that would be comfortable enough that I would not have to change into my ASICS Gels at lunch . These are that . Got mine for $ 65 including shipping . Only complaint is having to double knot them to keep them tied .
 I 've been wearing the equivilent shoe fron NB . The model I used has recently been discontinued , so I changed to this one and found a much better price at Amazon and the shoe felt like I 'd been wearing it for 2 or 3 months . Great shoes .
 Being a shift worker I can wear my Rockports for up to 14 hours a day . Over the years I 've tried on many different brands and styles and was never completely satisfied . When I tried on a pair of Rockport men 's World Tours my feet were immediately enveloped with pure comfort and a strong sense of stability . The comfort , flexibility and workmanship makes this a very good wearing shoe . It really feels like its a part of your foot and that was the sensation I had been searching for . It 's a great shoe !
 The shoes are fit very well , and very comfortable . However , If the seller respond more quickly and ship the shoes in time , it would be better .
 The shoe is of excellent quality and everything as advertised . I am a big fan of Rockport shoes and these are as usual fit well , comfortable and priced right .
 I have bought this shoe several times in several colors for serious walking on trips when I can not afford trouble with feet or sprained ankles . Solid , well cushioned -LRB- fewer blisters -RRB- , good structure -LRB- less twisted ankles -RRB- , comfortable . Sole is non-slip but does n't get clogged with mud . True to size - once you find your size , can safely order the same again . Wide variety of sizes and widths available . I waterproof it with silicone spray to protect the -LRB- real -RRB- leather . It 's expensive but worth it .
 I needed to replace a worn pair -LRB- after about 7 years -RRB- of similar Rockports that I wore the heck out of . I was impressed with the comfort and durability of the worn pair and knew I had to get Rockports again . Not being a big shoe shopper I was thrilled to find them selling on Amazon with free shipping!These shoes are just like the others - comfortable , durable , and decent looking . Able to dress them up or dress them down . I highly recommend .
 I have worn this brand of shoe for 40 years and the sizing and workmanship is very uniform over the years . No breakin period is necessary with these shoes
 I have a narrow , hard-to-fit foot and wanted a reasonably priced walking shoe for city/street walking . What a find ! These are probably the most comfortable shoes -LRB- after well-fitted runners -RRB- I have owned , the price was excellent , and the tread grip from damp/wet streets to polished office lobbies creates great confidence in the shoes . Not bad looking either . I will buy more pairs soon , just to ensure I have them as they naturally wear , age , and die .
 The Rockport Men 's Would Tour Classic Walking Shoe has been a great buy for me after some modifications . Initially , I had a problem with these shoes wearing out after six months . The inside front of the left shoe would become uneven and uncomfortable . A shoe store owner , who has since retired , showed me how to fix my left shoe to get a better fit . Simply add a tongue pad and a inner sole to the loose fitting shoe and it works great . To do this , you may have to use a 1/2 size larger shoe . I normally use a size # 10R . For this shoe , I use a size 10 1/2 R. Hope this helps someone get a longer and more comfortable wear from a very good shoe .
 My husband loves this shoe . We have bought them over the last 20 years . He is 82 and find this shoe extremely comfortable .
 Hi again I have written elswere about these great shoes . if you have not tried Rockport Shoes do n't wasteyour time buying anything else . I just love these shoes delivery was great and my feet are very happeyRockport are the Greatest.Barrie Le Brocq.Bris-Aus
 The Rockport Men 's World Tour Classic Walking Shoes are GREAT . They are comfortable for walking and they look good for dress casual . Also , the shoes are well made and durable . It 's hard to find classic good quality shoes . I was happy to find them on Amazon . The price was lower and the selection was better on Amazon than on the other online shoe stores that I visited .
 The rockport shoes that i purchased are the most comfortable shoes i have had . I will definitely make future purchases in the future . Totally satisfied with the product .
 These shoes are very comfortable . The fit right out of the box is perfect . The shoes last me for many years . I have the black , brown and saddle colors . I have been very happy with these shoes .
 After seeing these advertised under a famous online catalog for $ 100 , and being impressed by the generally favorable reviews , I told my wife about this great deal -LRB- $ 75 at time of order ! -RRB- and we got a pair of dark browns in my normal size 10.5 as an early Christmas present for me.After a week of wear , I can tell you that I 'm really happy with these shoes . They fit perfectly out of the box , and are comfortable and supportive . Others have waxed practically ecstatic about the lightness of the shoes and feeling like they are `` walking on a cloud '' . I do n't know much about that . -LRB- What were you wearing before ? Iron-soled boots ? -RRB- But they * are * pretty light.Early reviews talked about how cushy the insoles felt . I would not say these are cushy at all . I think Rockport has changed the design in this respect , so that the insoles are removable for those who want to replace them with orthotics . I find them firm , but supportive and not hard.They look great . I compared them with online pics of Clark 's Portland and found the latter lacking . Others think just the opposite . My wife loves them on me -LRB- and this is a hot girl with a sense of style , who works in boutique fashions ! -RRB- I 'm a 40-something IT professional , and these work great in an office neat/casual environment , whether with jeans or slacks.The construction and stitching seem solid -LRB- and I will be back to update this review if they fall apart prematurely ! -RRB- . In sum , if you are looking for dress/casual walking shoes , these are definitely worth a try !
 Beautiful shoes and cost over 3 times the price in Australia where I have purchased before so still a good buy even with air freight from Amazon . However most shoes in Australia come only in one width and not too many in half sizes and so shoes purchased in the US with their large range of sizes and widths can be confusing . Most shoes here also have US , UK and metric sizes on the label and my size 9 Aus shoes are nearly always shown as 10 US -LRB- however some websites say 9 AUS is equivalent to 9.5 US -RRB- . These Rockport shoes are only sold as `` W '' in Australia which most retailers say is equivalent to 3E -LRB- most manufacturers here have only standard width or in rare cases 3E -RRB- whereas in the US 3E = XW and there are many many other widths.Unfortunately what I thought was the Australia equivalent of my size 9 wide , i.e size 10 US / 3E turned out to be too big and too wide . Am now trying US size 9.5 and width 2E but considering I can buy 3 pairs of these Rockports from Amazon delivered by airfreight for the same price as one pair in Australia where no one discounts them , it is still cheaper for me to try . So make sure you order the correct size AND width!Perhaps Rockport -LRB- as with many other suppliers and items -RRB- can explain why the RRP in the US is $ 99 US per pair -LRB- price on average on Amazon $ 67 US -RRB- whereas here in Australia the RRP is $ 220 AU -LRB- about $ 216 US at current exchange rate , or $ 275 US at the exchange rate of a few months ago -RRB- and there is no discounting and yet they are all made in Vietnam or China wherever you buy them .
 I have bought 3 pairs of these shoes for work and walking around NYC ! They last for a very long time and the support is vital in this concrete city ! My personal fave !!
 I have been purchasing these particular Rockport shoes for several years and find them durable and good looking for a 2 year wear period . I do n't have think or try to find other shoes that meet my criteria . They fit , are comfortable and are a consistant quality .
 I wear wide shoes and the rockports fit good . I have a black pair and brown pair . I recommend these shoes for anyone that needs good comfortable walking shoes .
 My Rockport Edge Hill shoes finally wore out after 4 years of service worn every work day . I decided to try Mason 's Ultra Walker and when I received them they just were n't comfortable . They were stiff and bulky . I am sure that they would have eventually broke in but my original Rockports were comfortable from day one.I ordered the Rockport World Tour shoes and they are indeed very comfortable right out of the box . I will purchase another pair in 4 years when these wear out .
 I 'm on my second pair . These are the most comfortable leather shoes I have ever owned . The first pair I wore for 3 years before the soles and the inside stitching wore out . I wore them when my wife and I spent two weeks in Scotland and we walked everywhere.These shoes are stylish enough for casual dress or blue jeans .
 As expected , an awesome shoe . Fits perfectly from the very start . Great customer service throughout the entire purchase process . Would gladly recommend this shoe for anyone .
 These shoes are very comfortable . At the end of the day my feet still have some life in them . They 're not too hot , and I 'm not in a hurry to get my shoes off . I 'm glad I have these to go to work in every day .
 Bought this pair of shoes for my teen son who 's flat footed and needs a shoe with good ankle support . He absolutely loves these shoes - nice form , nice color , soft , very comfortable walking shoe , good heel cushioning , firm ankle support . He always uses it when he 's not in school as they need to be in regulation black leather shoes in school . Truly good value for money !
 Shoes fit great and are a real blessing to walk in . They were delivered in a timely fashion . I am well pleased !!!
 The shoes arrived before the expected date in excellent order . They are a perfect fit , very comfortable and a pleasure to walk in . They have a town and country look and can be worn casually or for more dressy occasions . They appear to be very well made with good quality leather and should wear well .
 These Rockports are really nice . They are durable good-looking shoes for everyday wear or only special occasions . I recommend them for anyone looking for a nice comfortable casual shoes .
 Service was exellent , my shoes are great I recommend this shoes to any one , the BEST SHOES for thoes who work 12 hour day
 I 've purchased this shoe in the past and therefore know my size and the attributes of the shoe . However purchasing through Amazon worked out really well and the price was very good
 I have purchased this model Rockport four times for my husband.They are the best shoes >> He says that they are the most comfortable shoe he has ever worn.It seems to help his foot neuropathy a great deal
 these are the best i buy them all the time great fit i wear a size 15 m very good long lasting
 Bought this for my father . It 's comfortable and fits well . He 's been a Rockport fan for many years because they make wide sizes and their material is good . He is a happy customer and so am I !
 I had problems with my right foot for months . I was diagnosed a problem with my heel . I 've tried some insoles but nothing has alleviated the pain or the problem I have with walking.Today I wore these shoes for the first time and I must say I am very pleased that I can walk much better and although the pain persists , I can take the step correctly!The quality and comfort you get with these shoes is amazing and highly recommended !! Highly recommend !
 - A gift for my son-in-law -- just what he needed . He 's hard on shoes . He tried other brands , they were not as weather resistant as Rockports .
 I used to wear leather oxford shoes to the office . I switched to these a few years back . The Rockport 's look a notch less dressy but are 10x more comfortable on the feet both at rest and when walking . The cost is also about a 1/3 of a typical business shoe . I take a mile walk at noon and figure these shoes help keep me in shape .
 Long time have I searched stores in the area for a decent shoe . Being of larger size , it is like finding a needle in a haystack to find the right size . These shoes are great comfortable and look nice too . I bought 3 pair , one for my dad and 2 for me and they work great .
 I have worn these shoes for about 20 years , in my experience a pair lasts 1 to 2 years if worn 3 or 4 times a week . Very comfortable , long lasting , and will continue to look good with a little shoe polish and buffing when they need it . Amazon had the best price I have seen on these .
 This is a great casual shoe . Good quality and the laces stay tied . It gives arch support and is very comfortable . I wear 11 1/2 B and have never had any luck finding my size in Houston . I have another pair of Rockports that are 11 D that I have worn for years that I like but getting the right size makes all of the difference . I will be ordering some more now that I can get the right size .
 From the moment you first put them on Rockport shoes are ready to wear . Rockport walking shoes are rugged , comfortable and as stated in their name , they are made for walking . They feel good on your foot from the first.Since I bought my first pair over a decade ago , I have been sold on the value , durability , and comfort of Rockport shoes . I shall continue to buy and use them .
 My last pair of Rockport walking shoes lasted very well . I even had them partially re-soled . This pair is almost identical in appearance , but the leather seems thicker and they do n't seem to breathe as well . They 're probably tougher , but also noticeably warmer on the feet . This will be an issue when traveling in hot climates . Too bad they could n't have stayed with the lighter leather for my taste . Otherwise a great , good looking shoe .
 I wish I had found these shoes earlier . I 've bought both brown & black models and where other shoes become uncomfortable near the end of the work day , these crossover shoes feel great hours longer .
 Comfortable and practical shoes at a reasonable price with prompt delivery . I 've been wearing Rockport shoes for decades . I know what size Rockports fit me so I 'm safe buying them on line . This is my second pair purchased on line and I have no regrets .
 Rockport Men 's shoes are great . They are consistently of high quality and long length of life . I will buy more in the future as I have in the past .
 These shoes are the only ones my husband will wear . They 're comfortable from the start & last forever . He is very hard on shoes & these wear the longest .
 Rockports are superb shoes . The Rockport World Tour Classic is an excellent walking shoe . They are light-weight , durable , and , most important , comfortable . From the first wearing of a properly fitting pair of Rockports , one can step out in confidence that the shoes will conform to the foot and will not rub or chafe .
 Rockport has slipped in its quality over the past few years so you really have to be carefull which ones you buy from them . I bought the world classic Elite walking shoe from a Dillards store and it had great fit and support . Within 2 weeks the seams started to come apart ! Took back and ordered the Rockport World Tour Classic from Amazon and they have held up great ! one difference between the classic and elite is that the World Tour classic shoes did not have that great of an arch support in them . This was ok , because I had Orthopedic inserts that fit perfectly . I am on concrete all day at a car dealership so need the best .
 These shoes are awesome ! I use them for work , where I 'm on my feet all day -LRB- 9 hrs -RRB- and walk from 3-6 miles in them everyday . My feet do n't hurt at all ... I used to have Planter Facitis and now since I have been using them I do n't have any problems ... These shoes are also very well built , for I get a good year out them and with the mileage I put on them that 's a big bang for the buck ... They also fit true too size ... Highly recommend
 I 've worn my chocolate NuBuck Rockport World Tour Classic Walking Shoes once or twice a week for over two years now and they still look just as good as when I purchased them . They also fit and feel just as great as they did brand new!I 'm not the easiest on my shoes , so these have gotten wet numerous times washing my cars , and in the rain , and they 've been soiled with mud a few times and even a small spot of some used motor oil . But , I do clean them and oil them as needed with some Red Wing boot oil . I keep the micro-fiber finish brushed clean as needed and to prevent any shiny places by using a stiff bristle scrub brush . I worked that oil spot out using plenty of water and saddle soap - which also helps get all the dirt out . I then place the shoes away from heat and sunlight to dry slowly . Never try to dry them quickly after they have been wet . I also wash the removable insoles once in a while with dish detergent - to keep them looking clean and smelling fresh.These shoes really require little care . I 've only given the outer leather a good saddle soap cleaning twice in two years , and I 've oiled them about three times when they 've started looking lighter than they did at purchase . The soles even look unworn and are holding up great . These are really light and comfortable shoes , but they are n't water repellent . If you need more water repellency , buy them in the polished versions . I 've liked mine well enough I even bought a polished brown pair for a more dressy look . Rest assured all the positive reviews of these Rockport Mens 's World Tour Classic Walking Shoes are not without good reason . These are great shoes for the price , and they feel just as good as my San Antonio Shoes -LRB- SAS -RRB- `` Time Out '' shoes at over twice the price of the Rockports . The Rockports may even be out lasting the SAS `` Time Out '' shoe soles - as my SAS shoes -LRB- purchased about the same time -RRB- are showing some slight sole wear.Note
 This is my third pair of Rockport World Tour Walking Shoes . I needed a comfortable black shoe that is professional looking enough for work . I can wear this shoe all day , walking a fair amount , and be as comfortable as if I was wearing a good pair of gym shoes . The shoe is water proof and does n't wear quickly .
 These shoes are very good . They are comfortable and easy to take care of . I will be buying more Rockports in the future .
 Great product from Rockport . One of the best walking shoes I have ever owned . Just wish I could have gotten these in a wide . They are a little tight . Hopefully this will remedy itself with wear .
 Awesome shoes . Bought them for my husband . Spends a lot of time on his feet at work .
 These shoes are very comfortable casual shoes and are highly recommended . They are also very durable .
 These shoes are well made , durable , comfortable and always fit the same . No surprises when you wear them out and get another pair ! Highly recommended to anyone who is on his feet all day and needs a comfortable , durable and well made shoe !
 My husband had an earlier version of this shoe and Amazon made it easy for him to order a new pair . They arrived quickly and the fit is great .
 I have a lot of foot problems . I find these shoes to be very comfortable and one of the few shoes I can wear without special -LRB- and expensive -RRB- inserts . I also like the style , which I have referred to as `` an engineer 's shoe . '' In other words , it looks nice , but not `` suit-ish . `` I have had more comfortable shoes , and ones of better quality ... but they were MUCH more expensive .
 My dad has worn a pair of these same shoes for years and I promised to get him a new pair for Christmas . The new pair are just as comfortable and durable as the old ones . They are well worth full price , but I was lucky to find the cyber monday deal and paid only $ 60 . The size runs true for him and they are a nice , comfortable casual shoe .
 I 've had several pair of this exact shoe and find they are the most comfortable of any I have ever worn . After they are worn out for everyday use , I use them for lawn mowing or other work .
 Great comfortable shoe ; stands up well in rough surfaces as well as just plain sidewalk walking . Meets all of my expectations with great heel support for a heel spur pain that I have .
 I bought these shoes in black , brown and tan initially to accomodate orthotics . Now I wear them without orthotics . I love the stability of these shoes . They 're comfortable and durable . Even though they 're made for men , they look OK when I wear slacks . Several women have asked me where I got my shoes .
 I purchased these shoes after doing a little bit of internet research and after suffering foot pain during a recent trip to Italy , where I walked miles and miles in some very bad sandals . I highly recommend them for their excellent and stylish design , the support they provide and , above all , their comfort .
 These are the best walking shoes that I have ever owned . I am now into my fifth series of them . I buy two pairs a year , wear them alternatively for a week each . I walk my dog twice a day for an hour each time , and then some more . Hope that they keep them in production for ever - at least as long as I live !
 This is the second exact pair of Rockport 's I 've had in about six years . This new pair is every bit as good as the first , even though it was built in a different county than the first . I 'm well pleased with both the price and shipping cost .
 I received this pair of shoes at the exact same day on the order by ONTRAC . I love the shoes , they are made with real leather , has elegant designs and very comfortable to walk with , especially with the thorlo men 's socks I ordered on Amazon , they are perfectly matched .
 Ca n't get enough of these shoes . I already had 1 black and 1 cocoa suede pair and loved them enough to buy these . I wear them to work and stand/walk all day . Great , comfortable shoe .
 I bought these for my boyfriend for work . He had rockports before and paid much more for them at retail price . He helped me find the ones he wanted , we lucked up and found them in his size . Which is sometimes hard when buying shoes on Amazon . When we seem the price we then questioned the authenticity of them . But the seller was Amazon , so it restored our faith . When we received them , he was nothing but happy and satisfied . Now he looks at my Amazon shopping addiction a little lighter . He now has me on the hunt for a brown pair .
 Love these shoes . 8th pair I 've purchased over the years and these at a great price ! I 'm a big guy and these are my all day , daily wearers.Good delivery too .
 I ordered this shoe after reading some good reviews on Amazon . I spend all day on my feet at work and so I wanted a comfortable shoe and this certainly is that . My only negative is that the tongue of the shoe is well made but is a bit stiff , so the break in period had to be supplemented with some padding to ameliorate some soreness where the shoe tongue was making contact with my upper ankle . Other than that I am happy with the shoe .
 I bought these for my husband - we are going to Italy in a few weeks and plan to do a lot of walking . It is not the easiest task to buy shoes for someone else , so I went for Rockports because , well , they are great shoes . The World Tour Classic Walking Shoe did not disappoint - the fit is perfect and he says they are very comfortable . Ta da !
 I bought these as I like the Rockport line of shoes . They are comfortable and go with a lot of my casual trousers . They are also okay where you dress up , like a wedding , but still good to go dancing in later on .
 Had a worn pair of Rockport walking shoes that are very comfortable , these are very comfortable also and built the same . I expect to get several years of wear out of these wearing nearly every day .
 It is extremely comfortable and is very affordable . These shoes will become my daily except for when I exercise . They 're not that stylish if you wear them with slacks but are good with everything else .
 This was my first experience with shoes from Amazon . Since I already owned a pair of these -LRB- now worn out -RRB- I knew the style and size . Product arrived exactly when they said . My final landed cost was $ 40 - $ 65 less - shipping included - , than what I could get locally or in the Bigger City.Such a good deal that I 'm looking for another pair . Lets see $ 92 / $ 160 = 58 % of retail !
 I 've been wearing these shoes for about 10 years . They are simply the most comfortable , best looking casual shoe I have ever owned . They are also very economical . I 've paid as much as $ 120 in Nordstroms when the shoe was available in stores , now $ 70 on Amazon is a real bargain . Hope Rockport does n't discontinue making them anytime soon .
 This cushioning helps me get around better because I can put more weight on my left foot which has a broken ankle . I can walk in these , not so much in regular shoes .
 The comments in other reviews regarding this shoe running tight or narrow are indeed true . My husband normally wears a 10D or normal width . The first pair were too narrow and tight , he sent them back and ordered a 10W and they fit perfectly . This is a great shoe and looks great with jeans or kahakis .
 ROckport Men 's World Tour walking shoes just fit . Requires virtually no break in period , and its look is timeless . This is n't a shoe for formal wear , but it does well for dressed down business or walking about . The sole is balanced , giving good lateral stability as well as great support . There is ample toe room with the gradually rounded toe . The one complaint if there is one is that Rockport could do well to invest more in laces that do n't come undone easily.Otherwise , it is the most comfortable shoe and a good value.And the sole of the shoe wo n't break apart in two year as does the Ecco brand .
 My husband has had these shoes before and Amazon offers them at a great price . The shoes are very comfortable and true to size .
 The shoes are pretty much what a shoes are supposed to be . They protect your feet , they do not bother you . I like the look too .
 Rockports are comfortable and easy to wear on old feet . They are much easier than most sports shoes and look tidier .
 I found these shoes to be very comfortable and durable . They make an excellent walking shoe and I have been very pleased with this product !
 These are a great pair of casual shoes . This is the 4th pair of these that I 've had . I have a 3E foot so finding a comfortable shoe can be difficult . These are comfortable right out of the box and last a long time . I wear mine frequently and they look good for about 2 years . When I get a new pair , the old ones become my work in the yard / walk in the mud shoes , and I wear them for another 2 year . They never seem to wear completely out .
 I wear these to work 5 days a week and do a high volume of walking . I switch from saucony and these blow them away . Have had them for 3 + months and no signs of wear !
 This is my second pair and they are a good fit right out of the box . The finish is durable and takes lots of snow and slush punishment with just a brush to keep them clean . The tread is very useful in winter climes and it wears extremely long . One can be comfortable walking on otherwise slippery surfaces . Good for those of us not always too sure on our feet . Because it is an aggressive tread it takes some effort sometimes to cleanpacked snow or mud out of them . Great color for khaki and brown slacks . Very light and one can walk or stand for long periods of time without discomfort .
 Got these in extra wide . Shoes and I usually are a mismatch , but these Rockports are perfect . I got them in black and am about to place a second order for brown .
 My husband has had a pair of these for a few years and it came time to replace . He did not want to try any other brand/type and just reordered the same type , he likes them a lot ! He says they are very comfortable , almost as tennis shoes , but they look professional . Very quick shipment .
 Only had shoes for two weeks . Right shoe now hurts at inside ankle when walking . Will wait until I use them more before contacting Amazon.Rockport Men 's World Tour Classic Walking ShoeOk now that they are broken in . 3/21/10
 Rated best walking shoe by Consumer Reports , this shoe deserves its reputation . It is rugged yet good looking . It provides excellent support especially if you pronate . It is comfortable over long walks . I was able to get an unusual narrow size in an unusual light brown color to go with shorts using the Amazon purchase channel .
 Overall , this shoe is very comfortable but it could usea little more arch support . In addition , I am not sure how Iwould have felt if I knew in advance that the shoes are made in Vietnam .
 What can you say ? Rockports are excellent shoes . My husband loves them . The fit seems true to size . They are very comfortable .
 Great !!! Great !!! Comfortable shoes and product arrived in a timely manner . The shoes are like walking on air .
 The shoes were shipped promptly and arrived as expected . The shoes were the normal great product that one expects from Rockport .
 I really like these shoes I have purchased a pair in the past they are comfortable lightweight durable and long lasting . I have had no issues even though I am rough on shoes I have found these to be well worth the price . I have even purchased a pair for my 87 year old father who also loves them .
 I 'd give these shoes six stars if I could . I 've owned at least nine pairs over the years . They 're really , really comfortable . I have a fairly small foot -LRB- 7.5 -RRB- and it 's wonderful to be able to consistently get my size perfectly.The one downside is that they last only about a year of heavy use -LRB- wearing little else -RRB- . The nubeck leather is not easy to keep up . The sole will last longer . But if I want to look good , Rockport has dress shoes , too ... of which I own several .
 I 'm 89 years old and this is the first time I 've purchased shoes thru a internet company -- I held my breathe as to how satisfied I would be-but it was n't necessary-they were the exact size and width -LRB- narow -- very hard to find -RRB- -- arrived as promised and they look great-consider me a convert .
 I went through the majority of `` comfortable shoe '' stuff I could find . I landed on these Rockports - knowing they had a good name , but not trusting anyone or any hype . I ordered my size , and two days later they arrived . I work on concrete all day and have two other shoes that I thought would cut the grade , but they did n't . Also , I thought I should break in the shoes . But did n't have the luxury to do that . I wore them for the last 5 hours of the shift . They were stiff at first , hurt like the others , then as the time wore on , I noticed they were extremely comfortable . My feet felt so good after my long day . I look forward to tomorrow ! And ... they are made in Vietnam ? I was there in 1970 and can tell you that NOTHING of significance was made in Vietnam . Now , we have products coming from there that are superior to many of the brand names we are accustomed to . I do n't like sending money overseas , yet , today we live in a world economy , not just local . And maybe , just maybe , the little girl I photographed in 1970 has children that are making these shoes today and are living a better life because of it .
 Love these shoes , very comfortable on my feet , last about a year of wearing daily to work . I am a big guy -LRB- 6 ' 5 '' , 350 lbs -RRB- and require very comfortable shoes or my feet are killing me by the end of the day . These shoes are perfect for me . The leather does seem to be wearing abnormally fast on the back of my left shoe , on either side of the heel , but I think it 's from when i roll to and away from my desk and one of the wheels of my chair rubs the side of my foot . This does n't affect the comfort of the shoe though , so it does n't really bother me . If not for that I 'd give it a 5 star .
 Great shoes , They look great and are well built . Cummfy and they go well with anything . I love rockport shoes and have about 4 pair now and continue to keep buying more of them
 I purchased this pair of shoes for my brother as a gift , exactly at a not very good price.But my brother love them so much , it 's simple , classic and comfortable , the size 7W is fit to him very well , great!He and I we all like Rockport , love these shoes .
 These shoes have great arch support and are incredibly comfortable . I usually buy these in brown , but got black so that I could also wear them on formal night on a cruise ship and casual Fridays at work . The shoes are stiff at first , but get broken in after about three days . The last pair that I had needed new cushioning inserts after three years and the laces frayed after three and a half years . The tread is still in great shape . It just needs some polish on the toes to cover up where they get roughed up from kicking things . I like buying them on Amazon because of the lower price and that I can get the narrow width that local stores wo n't carry .
 They are very good quality construction . They provide good support . The shoe fits well.They are Superior in comfort to my `` dress shoes '' but not quite what I had expected from a `` walking shoe '' . After upgrading the inserts , it became a very comfortable shoe but still did not offer the shock absorption expected . I would buy them again but my expectations are changed .
 Compared to other brands this is a good buy . Well constructed and has adequate comfort without tiring out your feet . No major flaws and quality is right there with the best of them . Rockport is one of the best and the most comfortable shoe on the market today .
 Good product . Fast shipping from the merchant and as always a good job by Amazon
 My husband has been wearing this particular style of Rockport for almost 20 years . His last pair actually had the sides split and the soles coming off . What a great surprise when he got his new `` favotite '' shoes for Christmas . The quality is the same and the best price anywhere . I highly recommend this item to anyone . The service is good and the shipping time excellent . Thanks AMAZON!from the redneck capital of the world .
 This is my fisrt time to order shoes through internet -LRB- or mail order -RRB- . I have been wearing them to work for the past two weeks , and they are great . I was surprised that there was no discomfort at all from day one .
 I 've been wearing the Rockport walking shoes for over 6-years . Tried others , but these are the most comfortable and durable walking shoe product I have ever purchased . A bit pricy , yes , but I 'm willing to pay for comfort . They are very light-weight and give excellent support . I just switched to the Chocolate Nunbuck finish from the brown that I had purchased in the past and find this finish more resistant to showing scuff wear . I would highly recommend these shoes to anyone looking for a comfortable , good looking , everyday use shoe . My only issue is that I just wish these were made in the USA ! I got the `` XW '' -LRB- instead of the traditional `` EEE '' -RRB- and they fit very well . I buy from Amazon , because the local stores , in Denver , do n't seem to stock them and their prices are higher .
 `` This is the most comfortable shoe ever '' , many a review exclaims ... . well depends on the meaning of the word `` shoe '' . This is a shoe that is certainly about as comfortable as a good sneaker -LRB- aka athletic shoe -RRB- , so when compared to other `` shoe '' shoes -LRB- i.e. non-sneakers -RRB- it compares quite favorably . But if you are used to wearing comfy sneakers on a regular basis , then you may not find these Rockports to be `` the best thing ever '' ... merely good comfy foot apparel that looks like a shoe -LRB- i.e. not a sneaker -RRB- . So overall I give these a positive review , but just wanted to put some of those `` best ever '' reviews into perspective.Pros
 These shoes seem very comfortable and as described , only the sizing is off - at least for me . I returned them and will order the next larger size instead .
 I love my Rockport walkers ! This purchase was to replace my old pairs -LRB- brown and black -RRB- that had lasted me for years . I walk 3.25 miles to work , five days a week -LRB- and have been walking to work for almost 20 years now ... what can I say , I love to walk -RRB- so a good pair of walking shoes make a lot of difference . These Rockports are the best walking shoes I have ever owned . -LRB- My last ones lasted for years . -RRB- They are tough and are n't affected by rain or bad weather . -LRB- I just brush them off when I get home and let them air out overnight . -RRB- They are light and comfortable and the fit is great . There is no `` breaking in '' period like with most shoes -LRB- no blisters , pinching or tight spots -RRB- , and they feel as comfortable as running shoes . The style for these pairs is more casual office , but that fits my office . They are a little higher in price than what I would have like to have paid ... but they are worth the price . I would recommend these to anyone who walks alot .
 Dear Sir : I find this Rockport Men 's World Tour Classic Walking shoe very comfortable . I would wear it to bed but I would have difficulty turning over with the bed sheet . I am happy I discovered this specific shoe from among the many you offer . I was dependent upon JC Penny for the Rockport selection of shoes . Unfortunately , I purchased a Rockport from JC Penney thinking you had eliminated the previous type Rockport shoe that I purchased some six months prior . I am happy I had the common sense to resort to Amazon to review the selection of your vast array of shoes . I am presently wearing the Rockport Men 's World Tour Shoe . I am off to Manhattan now from New Jersey . I look forward to my walk in my Rockport from the Port Authority Bus Terminal on West 41st Street to my residence on West 72th Street . I feel the bounce in my step thanks to Rockport.A Happy Purchaser
 Great shoes I will only wear Rockport because the last and they are the best comfort .
 I 've loved this model of shoe for a long time . Every time I wear them out , I replace them with the latest version . I can wear them for anything but the dressiest occasion , and they are very comfortable to walk in .
 I think this is the best pair of shoes I have bought in a long time . I recently bought a pair of so-called `` diabetic '' shoes from another maker . While they were OK , I had heard a lot about Rockports and decided to give them a try . WOW ! I thank you and my feet want to send you a Christmas card !! Thanks for a great shoe . I 'll definitely be buying more .
 I originally bought Rockport from an outlet to see if paying a bit more would get me a shoe I liked better than ` tennis ' shoes . I liked them and the two pair I bought through Amazon were my 3rd and 4th . I like them and the price was very right . My only problem is that I can not find replacement liners which seem to be the only part of them that wears out .
 I 'm 6 ' 4 '' 250 # and I need a 13 narrow . It 's hard to find shoes to fit me to begin with due to my narrow feet , and with my bulk only well made shoes last . I have been wearing Rockports for years , but I have just gotten by on the 13 wides you find at local retailers . I 'm extremely pleased to find these reasonably priced 13 narrows . They fit well , are comfortable , and show no signs of unusual wear . Let me add that my exercise routine is walking stairs at work . I typically walk from basement to top floor in a 26 floor building at least once each work day , and twice if I have time for a second break . I 'm not certain what to make of the reviews that indicate these shoes are poorly constructed . That is certainly not true of the pair I 've been wearing for months . Finally , I am impressed that the shoes arrived 2 days before they were supposed to get here !
 I 've suffered from sore feet except when I wear this shoe . Great company . . great shoe .
 This is my second pair -- I have both brown and black . They are most comfortable and I wear them to work . These are business casual and do not look like a `` running '' or `` walking '' shoe . I have X-Wide feet and it 's hard to find good fitting shoes . I have found Rockpor X-Wide to be consistent in their fit and comfort .
 I have not found a shoe that has this much comfort while looking so good . It is a great shoe for the business casual setting while still being one you can run to catch the train with . I am now on my fourth pair -LRB- over several years of wearing -RRB- and hope they never replace it .
 Nice pair of shoes and a good price . Rockport makes a comfortable product that is easy on the feet and , in this case , was easy on the pocketbook .
 My husband is tall and has relatively narrow and bony feet . He had tried many other shoes before finally settling on this one . These shoes fit comfortably and give sufficient support . They are practically the only dress shoes that he wears , which has made my life so easy when it comes to gift-shopping ! We would definitely recommend these shoes to others .
 I bought this shoe for my husband to replace a shoe he had for 15 years but we were not sure if it was the same or not as he had thrown the old pair out . We are not disappointed as it lives up to all that he was hoping for . Being the first pair of shoes we have purchased on line , we were a little unsure as to what the fit would be like and if the shoe would live up to the description . I can tell you that my husband 's foot went ` yeah !! ' when he tried it on and he is looking to purchase another pair . Delivery was on the date promised so what more could be asked ?
 I have owned three pair of these shoes and they are great ! No break-in time needed . They are comfortable the first time you put them on .
 I bought these shoes to replace a pair that I had worn out , and I am very pleased with them . I did not pay attention well to the `` m ' and `` N '' on the order site . I ordered the `` N '' which naturally means narrow , when I should have ordered the `` m '' for medium . But during a 3 week travel , they did stretch out and are comfortable , and work well with my inserts . I wish that the web site , through Amazon , had used the words instead of the letters . I wear inserts and really enjoy this shoe for walking . Also I think that they are dressy enough for wearing with a suit . I bought elastic shoe laces so that I can slip them on and off at the airports . They are a `` straight lapsed '' design .
 I have been wearing the Rockport Men 's World Tour Classic Walking shoe for years -- to work , around town , and on vacation . They are as comfortable as a shoe can be , look great in all situations , and last a long time . I have four pair and as long as Rockport keeps making them I will buy them . I 've tried other brands but they just do n't measure up to Rockport .
 Nice shoe that gives proper support and fits true to size . If they hold up well , I 'll be buying more in the future . Very comfortable , however , you may want to get rid of the cheap inner sole that comes with the shoe and replace it with something more sturdy and cushioned like a Spenco Polysorb Walker .
 I purchased these after wearing a similar style while on vacation about 18 months ago . Both pairs are very comfortable . They are n't what one would wear to `` dressy '' occasions , but the smooth finish on this pair makes it acceptable for most occasions .
 I 've owned the Rockport ProWalker World Tour Classic for over 10 years now . Of course not the same pair but several pair . These are by far the best shoe in the business . Always comfortable , sturdy , durable , strong , stylish , work/walking shoe . I have owned 4 different sets now and am online to purchase another set . Kudos go to Rockport more making this shoe ... It 's Awesome
 This is my fourth pair of these shoes over many years . Most comfortable every-day shoes I have owned in a long time . Okay for almost every occasion except formal . Price has actually come down since the last time I bought a pair . Good value . My only complaint is that the quality seems to have slipped half a notch , especially in the stitching of the uppers which has a tendency to pull loose a bit around the nose of the shoe . Wish they made these with a velcro flap instead of the laces .
 This is the third pair of these shoes that I have owned.I wear these shoes as an everyday shoe and find them very comfortable . I walk aloton all kinds of surfaces and find that they give me great support .
 It was such a pleasure to find these Rockports for my husband in a narrow width and the style that he likes for work . The price was the perverbial cherry on top . They came quickly , fit perfectly and everyone is happy .
 I 've worked in a bank environment for 6-7 years now and these have been my shoes of choice . I have owned 5 pairs in total and am just about to buy my 6th . Both the Brown suede and Black leather versions.These are extremely comfortable , and appear dressy enough for a dress pants/shirt type work environment . I even use them for my daily lunch walk . For me , they 've held up 3-4 years each pair ... . The shoe laces are usually the first things to go out , which can be replaced halfway through their life.Highly recommended ... I will continue buying until they do not offer the product anymore .
 This is the third pair of Rockport Mens World Tour Classic Walking Shoes that I have purchased , purely because I find them the most comfortable shoes for travelling and their looks allow for daily casual tramping as well as looking formal for evening wear . Will keep buying these shoes whilst they are available .
 Having tried these shoes on locally before this purchase -LSB- to get correct size - hoping there was no difference between Australian and US sizing ! -RSB- I placed the order - waited 3 weeks for delivery and on arrival opened the box and tried on the shoes . My immediate - and now continuing - opinion
 Have bought nothing but Rockports in recent years , and they seem to last and are comfortable . I have one pair of dress shoes -LRB- wingtips -RRB- that are at least 30 years old and have not broken one stich . Also have two other wingtips that are 20 to 25 years old and they have also held up very well . Have bought many walking shoes made by Rockport and when the soles wear out I buy new ones . They also have never broken a stich . The recent pair seem to be high quality which were bought bro Amazon .
 I purchased the shoes to wear on our next trip to Europe . I have walked in the same shoes for too long so I looked for rockport shoes . I will know more after we return but the brief time I have used them they feel very comfortable
 My husband had been looking for these and we found them and got a great deal !!
 They are perfect for work , since I walk a lot . They were shipped and received faster than I thought I would get them . Correct size , and they fit well .
 I 've purchased several pairs of these shoes over the years , as they are extremely comfortable and hold up very well .
 Have worn Rockports for years - the old Pro Walker - tried this new World Tour Classic - great shoe . Takes a while to get it to comform to the foot , but once that takes place - feels like a glove . Highly recommended .
 I have several pairs of this style shoe in different colors . I wear some to work and others on weekends . It 's the best shoe for my taste for quality and comfort . Since my size has n't changed , I have been ordering on line for years and look for price , between $ 70 and $ 80 , no tax and free shipping .
 Great shoe . I wore the tread out on my first set . Came back for another pair . Feels like I 'm wearing a pair of sneakers but with a little style .
 I walk a great deal , both for my job and for relaxation after work . These are the most comforable pair of Rockports I 've ever purchased . They look great ... and , better yet , your feet will love 'em !
 i tried so many sizes of this shoe and wanted them to fit very bad ! they are great feeling , roomy , comfortable . but i wear a size 13 usually . and their size 13 is too big , and the 12 's are too small ! amazing , and im not just being picky . huge difference between the two . if a 12.5 were made it may work.tried 12xw , 13m , 13w , 13xw . the 13w felt right for width , but i could put another set of toes in the front almost!had to return them all . wish i could find a pair that fit
 Best shoes I have ever worn . Very good for especially who do a lot of walking at work . Extremely durable . I used the last pair for over 5 yrs and the sole was sole as thick as it was on day 1 except for some wearing at the side .
 Same as you buy at the shoe store . If you know what you like and what fits , ordering online through Amazon saves bundles of time and is so easy . These shoes are comfortable and fit me perfectly , so five minutes on the computer and they were on the way .
 May just be the best looking walking shoe on the planet . Its designed for real walking - not just to look like it .
 Rarely do I buy a pair of shoes that fit perfectly.These do . Liked them so much I ordered 2 more pair.Everday use these fit me just right , only after a day or so break in.Your mileage may vary.Very satified customer .
 This is my 2nd pair of the exact same shoe . I bought the first because I wanted a light color for summer . They have been very satisfactory . I also have a dark brown and black of the same model . My foot is narrow and it is difficult to find narrow widths . I recommend this model for its comfort as well as durability .
 I was very pleased with the good price I was able to purchase these shoes for . They are very comfortable and are in fine shape , months after the purchase was made .
 After long searching of a most comfortable , casual , and universal pair of shoes , I 've convinced myself to forget for a moment my stereotypes about Ecco and I 've ordered this one . And I do not regret at all . Really . Just perfect . Size/width match - 100/100 . Comfort - 200/100 . Every millimeter of inside and outside is perfectly designed and made . Thank you , Rockport !
 For many years now I have been nursing a very bad back , I happened to see Rockport at the store and the sales people were raving about this shoe , The only problem was shop prices made it impossible and restrictive for myself till I checked out the product at amazon , Now it 's been a while since I purchased a pair and let me tell you it was the best purchase of my life , Thank you so much Rockport and thanks again amazon .
 These shoes are awesome . They are light as a feather and make my feet feel wonderful . I 've worn other shoes but these I can wear all day without making my feet get sore .
 I 've had a pair of these shoes in black , enjoyed them so much I bought a pair in brown , too . These are very comfortable walkers that I wear as my daily shoes m-f . They look nice , and are soooooooooo comfortable . I had problems with plantar fascitis last fall ... and these shoes , along with some other remedies , have caused the foot pain to abate . You ca n't go wrong with Rockport quality and comfort !
 I have a narrow foot , the `` narrow '' by Rockport is actually narrow versus the claim of some other manufacturers . I was told also that this model has been discontinued , so I suggest that those needing a pair for the future find one online that someone still has in stock . Sorry if I am misinformed on the discontinuance , but I hope I was .
 WOW , , , , where have I been ? Fast , easy , and correct fit , size , and feel . I should have been ordering online a long time ago if I new it was this easy . Amazon has it all . Fast delivery and money back if not satisfied . Looking forward to my next purchase . Best regards ; William leinthall
 I have used several different pairs of shoes to eliminate foot pain . As a diabetic , this shoe is extreamly light wieght and durable.There was absolutely no need breaking in . These were comfortable from the start .
 This shoes is the best shoes out of 6 pairs I got for walking as a mailman . I got it on time and the price was very reasonable compare to the uniform shoes that I order with my uniform allowance every year . Thanks Amazon for a great service .
 I 've owned Rockports in the past and liked them very much . Thisone did not disappoint me . Excellent shoe .
 These shoes are the most comfortable I 've ever had and they are really difficult to get in Australia not tomention expensive . So I am extremely happy with my purchase and will be buying another couple of pairs as they fit perfectly and were half the price I can get them for here .
 I got these boots as a birthday gift for my husband who sometimes experiences foot pain even in his sneakers . They did not disappoint and he likes them very much as they are comfortable and give a good arch support . They are casual enough to wear with jeans but look good enough for church too . They have taken him from Michigan to Florida a couple of times without trouble and a cinch to remove at the airport . A good buy and worth the few extra bucks .
 According to husband &#34; best fitting shoes he ever have &#34; . Am glad &#34; Rockport &#34; brand still rocks . He owns mostly this brand . Very glad he likes it .
 the N width is almost impossible to find in stores , these guys have them & the shoes fit perfectly.I give this store & shoes an A + across the board . Great price , great size , long wearing & very comfortable .
 Bought 2 pairs to help my feet after a fall that fractured both heel bones . Lots of support for my poor feet .
 This shoe fits well and wears well . It is also comfortable because it has good support and a nubuck upper .
 quien lo compre deber&aacute; antes , definir el ancho requerido . a mi me resulto algo estrecho , al no considerar lo recomendado
 I estimate that I have purchased and worn at least a dozen pairs over the years . Absolutely the mot comfortable shoe I have ever worn !
 great service and was exactly what i expected and wanted best day to day wear on comfort on any surface or terrain
 Ordered these for my husband , they arrived in only two days , and he loves the look and feel of them . He usually puts some Dr Scholls liners in his shoes for more support , but says he does n't need them for these shoes because the support is so great . He is on his feet from 8-10 hrs a day most days . Will be ordering another in black very soon !
 These work so well that I now have three pairs and are my shoes of choice for any activity short of dress up functions . I am really pleased with these shoes .
 I recommend these shoes to everyone who needs to walk a lot . These shoes are very comfortable with a great price .
 The Men 's World Tour Classic Walking Shoes that I bought from Amazon looks exactly like the pair I bought JC Penney about 10 years ago . Same sole design and everything . I have wide feet so bought the size 8 , 3E and the shoes are the exact same size as my old pair . The size 3E does not `` look '' excessively wide so no need to buy narrow shoes and sacrifice comfort.This new pair feels very comfortable although I just walked around the house with them so far . I do n't see any reason why this new pair wo n't give me the same excellent service that my old pair gave me for the last 10 years . Would buy them again if I needed another pair .
 Bought these shoes for work and I have to say that they are the most comfortable shoes I have ever had . Excellent quality , they impressed me so much that I ordered another pair of the same shoes in a different colour .
 These are the only shoes my husband will wear . He says they are comfortable and they hold up well . When they get too scuffed up , he wears them for his everyday shoes and he buys another pair .
 One of the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn . Looks good , feels good and has nice arch support.Color selection is great
 These are work shoes . I 'm on my feet much of the day . These shoes are very light weight , durable and have great soles . As to style , they 're sensible shoes .
 I have been buying Rockport shoes for over 30 years and will continue to do so , as they are the most comfortable well fitting shoe on the market and they hold up for a long time . I would n't change a thing .
 I have repeatably bought these same brand and style shoes for work for over 10 years , feel like every pair was tailor made .
 This is my fourth pair of these Rockport walking shoes over a number of years . I wear them daily , and when one pair wears out , I buy another . They are comfortable , lightweight , durable , and look good enough for work -LRB- business casual -RRB- or play.Finding shoes to fit has always been a problem for me , and even these need a little `` help , '' but because the inner sole is easily removable , I can slip additional padding beneath them to make the fit right for me.Price at Amazon was good , and shipping was fast . I 'll buy these again , and will get them from Amazon .
 rockports mens walking shoe is a very comfotable shoe . it looks great with jeans . good quality and color .
 I have a pair of these and they are nice , but I like my pair of Flexi brand better . The Flexi shoes that I have are the most comfortable shoes that I have ever had . I bought them on a trip to Mexico and have also seen Flexi shoes online at -LSB- ... -RSB-
 My husband wears this alot and loves them still . They are holding up ever nicely .
 Not so comfortable with the pairs but I get used to it after wearing several days . Good quality and I like them.But I still miss my CLARKS . Because the sole is not soft enough for me , and the air flow control is not good at all . My shoes getting smell after just 3 days . I did n't get this problem when wearing any one of my CLARKS .
 Rockport is a costy brandfull stop.locally they are around $ 200 ! -LRB- if you are lucky to find them under $ 250 -RRB- so , for about a third of this amount it pay 's to bring them all the wayooops - I was comparing BEFORE - Amazon became cheapest ! although unable to Paypal in Amazon , and have extra charge by * Master Card -LRB- * they execute a punishment to their customers with a commission charge -RRB-
 I purchased this shoe for my husband as a gift and he loves them . He raves about how comfortable and durable they are .
 I have worn similar Rockports for years . Typically wear them for every day business casual work use . The last me about a year , are comfortable and provide good support . Highly recommend them .
 I 've purchased over a dozen pair of these shoes over the past decade . The fit very comfortably and are well constructed . I have always purchased the model MWT18 . Rockport offers several models called `` World Tour '' and they are not all alike . These have a nice pebble finish . I believe the inferior models others found were not the MWT18 . Many years ago , they came out with the World Tour 2000 , which was far inferior . At that time , Macy 's discontinued carrying the MWT18 . My only complaint about these shoes is that they perform poorly on wet surfaces . Their light-weight Vibram -LRB- tm -RRB- sole does n't grip to wet surfaces .
 I have worn Rockport walking shoes for years , but this is the first time I tried the World Tour Classic model . On the basis of other reviews I was concerned about the size -- some people think they 're too big , some say they run small . Well , in my experience the fit was perfect.This was important to me , because the other model I 've been wearing -LRB- Prowalker -RRB- is in fact now running smaller than it used to . Weird . Based on comments from other users here , evidently there is some real inconsistency in Rockport 's overall quality control since they moved production to Vietnam . So , maybe I just got lucky , who knows.I have the Nubuck version of the shoe , and I suspect the material is more pliable than on other shoes made of so-called `` tumbled leather . '' In any case , the shoes I received fit right out of the box . And , to my pleasant surprise , they still fit fine even after having custom orthotics inserted in place of the original footpad.Ironically , I had the shoes for a day or so before I read the tag that had come with them . The tag bears the `` American Podiatric Medial Association Seal of Acceptance '' which is described on the Amazon product page . I do n't know if that Seal means anything , but I will say that the shoes seem quite stable and give plenty of support.The construction of the upper could be better , where the laces and tongue join with the front of the shoe . There 's a very large , rough-edged piece of leather and stitching at that point , which could rub the top of a person 's foot , especially if they have a very high arch.It was strange and disconcerting to find that , because the rest of the shoe 's interior is quite smooth . I thought it would be an issue for me , but luckily it has not been , and I 've worn the shoes a couple of days with good results so far.The chocolate nubuck is a good-looking color and design for casual or dress-down wear . All things considered , I think it was a good choice at the special sale price Amazon offered when I got mine . But I do not think I 'd be nearly as happy if I 'd paid $ 80 or $ 90 or whatever the `` list '' price is . Try to catch a sale if you can .
 I 've been wearing this shoe for almost 20 years . Originally made domestically , then Portugal , then Brazil , and now Vietnam . The quality of the fit and the durability of the leather is still as good as ever . The only change I 've found is that the midsole is a bit thinner . This is noticeable if you climb a lot of stairs , like I do . Still , the best shoe if you 're on your feet all day and/or wear orthotics . Amen .
 The shoes are great for walking and hours of standing but the musty warehouse smell is something to get used to .
 Bought these shoes for a trip to Europe where I knew I would be doing a lot of walking proved to be very comfortable throughout the trip of which I walked many miles . Have now come home and find I am wearing them everday as they remain so comfortable .
 In this picture of the shoes it shows the tongue or pad 1 to 2 inches above the bed of the shoe . When we got the shoes the tongue was even with the bed of the shoe making it not fit properly . That was the reason for sending the shoe back to the sender .
 I love Rockport shoes , was very glad when I was able to get those , will buy more soon ! Very comfortable and nice looking too !
 I walk about 3 miles every morning on pavement and I keep coming back to the Rockport ProWalkers after trying a number of others . They have good support and cushioning and look good besides . Because I have flat feet , I get high-quality insoles to go with them but what comes with them will probably suit most people . The soles wear out before the uppers do but they are still more durable than most other brands I have tried . I can wear out a pair of expensive athletic shoes in a two months !
 Most comfortable and best quality shoe in all my 55 years . Well worth the price . Have since purchased a second pair .
 I love these shoes comfortable fits good and durable . I spend three months trying to find the rockport in womens sizes . I finally broke down and ordered the men 's shoe . THese shoes are great for work with alot of walking and they look great too . I just wish they had them in women 's sizes
 I love they way they fit and feel . Rockport makes a great quilty shoe.I would buy these shoes again . Thanks Rockport .
 I have been wearing this shoe or its predecessor for more than 12 years . The construction is excellent and they are the best fitting shoes I have worn since I was 10 years old . I have extremely narrow feet and these shoes are one of the few that are available in my size . They are very reasonably priced and the laces last for years .
 These shoes are ready to go out of the box . Supportive . No breaking in . No blisters . Just good walking . First day at the Texas State Fair and no tired feet for me .
 Very nice shoe , feel comfort when walking . My job requres to walk up and down most of the time . I 'll buy more in the future and will recommand to my friends
 I love these shoes , this is my second pair . They are comfortable and hold up as well as any other walking shoe I 've had .
 I bought these walking shoes for a two-week trip my wife and I took to Italy . They served me very well . I have narrow , flat feet and these were one of the few shoes I have ever bought available in a truly narrow width . They also provided adequate arch support . Tromping around Italy , they were more comfortable than my running shoes and I felt less fatigued at the end of the day than with any of the other shoes I took on the trip . While not the most attractive or fashionable shoes around , they were still passable in the most elegant restaurants we visited .
 I purchased the shoes for work . They would have to be the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned . The price was amazing compared to the same brand in stores in Australia.ThanksDavid
 Having owned Rockport shoes before , I knew my shoe size with that company . So I was fairly certain whatever I ordered in my same size would fit , and they did . But I was n't ready for how well they would fit . These are among the most comfortable shoes I 've ever had . In addition , my friends have asked where I got them , since they look so classy . For the price especially , I could n't be more pleased . Back in the '50s there was that advertisement for cigarettes that ran , `` I 'd walk a mile for a Camel . '' I could walk many miles in these shoes and hardly get tired . Very highly recommended .
 Excellent product , although the leather scuffs easily . Recommendation
 These world tour walking shoes provide great support . Most days I am on my feet for most of the eight hour work day , and my feet feel comfortable all day long . The stitching holds up well , and the soles of Rockport shoes often last two years . I have a black pair and a brown pair of these shoes . Clarks of England made comparable shoes several years ago , but at this time I have not found a better shoe than these Rockports anywhere .
 I ordered three pair of these shoes from Amazon . I have had Rockport shoes in the past and have always found them comfortable , durable and nice-looking . These shoes proved to be excellent on all 3 of those measures . I have been wearing the shoes for about 3 weeks and find them very kind to my feet . I have received several compliments on their appearance . An excellent value all around .
 I love Rockport shoes , and the price was great . I received the shoes on time , and exactly as ordered . Absolutely no complaints about this product .
 I ordered these because of the quality of the Rockport shoe . I have a wide foot with a sliding arch . This means that in a nike I can be anywhere from a 15-16 shoe . The Rockports provide a perfect fit for my foot which is a wide 14 . This is a very comfortable shoe and really gives the support that I have come to expect from a Rockport .
 Quick delivery , great price , just what I wanted and fit great , as usual . These are light & comfortable and better than most daily shoes .
 Shoes were received quicker than expected but packaging was less than desireable since one pair of the shoes were loose inside the outter packaging
 These are the best shoes i have ever had , Light on my foot and very comfort.Rockport Men 's World Tour Classic Walking Shoe
 Needed a direct replacement for eXtra Wide Rockports I bought a couple of years back when visiting my sister in Canada . Rockport XW fitting is n't available in UK so I bought thro Amazon.com . The price was good and they were delivered inside time limits so very satisfied with the purchase . I 've always had a problem finding wide shoes and Rockport World Tour are they the most comfortable I 've ever had so I pretty much live in them . Usually walk at least 2 miles a day and sometimes up to 8 or so .
 My husband has an injury to his heel that requires him to wear shoes with excellent support . These shoes fit the bill ... and Amazon had the best price ! These shoes usually run from $ 99 to $ 119 , and they have to be replaced -LRB- in this case -RRB- every three to four months . So I have to find the best price I can . They will last alot longer for the average person ... fit is great , style , materials too .
 This is a great shoe . I 'm on my second pair -- one for work , one for dress occasions . It ca n't be beat for walking comfort .
 Love them . Very comfortable , light and can walk forever . Just wish Rockport can figure out the shoe-lace thing !! I 've never had a pair where the laces stayed tight and do not come undone . Still love them .
 The shoes were delivered to Australia in 14 days.After initial fitting I was 60 % happy with product as there was less sole and innersole cushioning than I expected , as I work on a concrete floor all day.After wearing for a week , the shoes have moulded to my feet like a glove . The lack of cushioning is becoming less of an issue the longer I wear them . I have worn them now for 2 weeks and am now 90 % happy . I will purchase again .
 This is my third pair of Rockports . The firm rubber sole and dress leather uppers make it perfect for office commutes .
 I have been wearing rockports for at least 15 years now and have not been able to fault them . Comfortable from the first time you wear them and long lasting . This style here I use them for my job and I am on my feet most of my shift , any other brand or style of shoe and I would be looking for the nearest chair to get of my feet . Worth every cent in my opinion and will continue to buy Rockports as long as they keep up the quality .
 Rated four stars because the black is ugly . Rockport use to offer an off white shoe that was nice looking and went with everthing . Still buy because the shoe fits well and is comfortable .
 Rockport World Tour - what can I say ? I 've had a women 's pair for over 10 years and they still look brand new . I buy the men 's pair for my husband , who wears them to work every day and is incredibly rough on shoes , and he swears by them . My husband requires a new pair every 18 months-2 years , and we pay $ 60 for a pair through Amazon rather than $ 200 in Australian stores . Comfortable enough to wear all day from the moment you buy them , hard wearing and fashionable enough for men to wear with a suit , they are a perfect shoe . If you have a wide foot , get the 2A size . I would recommend these shoes to anyone .
 Okay , I 've owned both the Chocolate Brown nubuck and the Sand nubucks for about a month now . They 're both well made and comfortable right out of the box . I think the natural rough leather surface resists scuffs quite well . I suspect the smoother leather surfaces on some versions of this shoe might be more prone to scuffing -- but that 's just an opinion . These are definitely made for walking . But I might recommend an insert to beef up the cushioning if you 're on your feet all day . And while these may look rugged and ready for anything , I actually think of them more as Mall crawling shoes . You know , indoor stuff with a casual bent . I just could n't see taking these shoes booney stomping as the cleanup would be difficult and the sole and tread pattern are n't well-suited to rough terrain , in my view . But for shorter trips in the city on foot , or say , at the art show , these are n't too shabby at all.And it 's true , they are a dream to walk in . They 're reasonably cool in warmer climates . And they 're casual enough without being overly grungy looking -- like so many sneakers tend to look when they 're no longer brand new . With care , I can see these shoes lasting for years . I 'll probably buy a third pair in black -- so that all of my colored khaki pants have a matching shoe and belt set . Again , casual can be very cool and these Rockports fill a vital need in my closet right between my dress shoes and sneakers .
 I 've worn various models of Rockport shoes for years and all have been great , but for whatever reason these are the most comfortable ever . I 've always scratched my head as to how J.C. Penney 's Rockports can be $ 10.00 less than from the Rockport site -LRB- It just seems counter-intuitive -RRB- . But , ladies and gentlemen , these were $ 10.00 less than J.C. Penney !! So there you have it ... quality shoes at a great price , shipped and received promptly.Thanks , Amazon . I 'll be back ...
 The shoes are fantastic , comfortable using them at work as a men 's hairdresser , and also to walk 4 kilometers before starting work , you need all the help you can get when you are 68 years old.walking keeps you young , specially if you do n't smoke or take funny staff.CheersSam Petrou .
 IN CASE THE TITLE THROWS YOU -- Nell is the other half of this partnership and this review is for my experience with Rockport.I ordered a pair of Rockport walking shoes to wear while building our retirement home . I liked them so much that I orderedthree more pairs , thinking that the supplier would quit carrying them . Sure enough , they did . That was in 1993 . I am stillwearing the third -LRB- and last -RRB- pair , which are about worn out . After two years of looking for exact replacements I came acrossthese Rockports in Amazon ; it is getting harder to find real arch supports in shoes today and these have them . My plan is
 20 years ago a friend of mine who owned a shoe store suggested I try Rockport shoes ; at the time they were way over my budget but I was sick of sore feet and shoes that did n't last so I cringed and paid the bill . I have never looked back or at another shoe since , it is the only non athletic shoe I buy now and it has never disappointed me yet . Pricey yes but it lasts twice as long and is way more comfortable .
 This is the third or forth purchase of this shoe . They are very comfortable and last about two or three years with about 50 % wearing . They get `` loose '' before the soles wear out .
 Very light and comfortable . It is very useful as a second pair during business travel in the suitcase . After business meeting or customer meeting , change to this pair for walking around your own office or to/from hotel and restaurants in a business casual outfit .
 I 've been wearing this model of Rockport for a long time . I lose count how many pair I have purchased over the years . This specific model has been around for 40 years , as I understand it.It 's comfortable , wears well , and provides nice support . I was drawn to it when I was both working in an office environment and spending a lot of time each day walking for fitness . This pair works whether you are greeting clients in the office or going for a six mile walk on a gravelly trail . Its rugged construction and conservative look is a winning combination.A friend of mine once remarked that he did n't hesitate to spend to get a quality pair of shoes and a quality mattress , because , he said , he figured he was spending most of his time on one or the other . -LRB- Come to think of it , he did n't spend much time sitting . Har ! -RRB- I do n't mind taking the time to write a few nice things about Rockport , because , for me , Rockport rocks .
 I Use them at work in a lab . They have good arch support which I need in a shoe . I usually get about 12-14 months wear out of the shoe . This makes my third pair I have bought in the last 3.5 yrs . Would recommend this shoe to anybody that needs a good walking shoe that will stand up to the elements .
 There are jobs out there -LRB- like mine -RRB- that have a dress code that prevents me from wearing athletic shoes , yet all but require them as they require an employee to be on their feet all day long.As a retail manager who walks ALL DAY long on hard tile floors , these are a real blessing . They are comfortable all day , and look good enough to please even a picky dress code . These shoes are the perfect in-between an athletic shoe , and a dress shoe.These took a just a couple days to really be broken in -LRB- though they were comfortable from the first wear -RRB- and have held their shape.After a month of wear , they still look and feel perfect , so I have a good feeling that they will hold up long term.Edit
 What I 've been looking for . I have wide feet and these Rockports are one of the few shoes I have been able to get that can easily fit the width of my feet . They are also extremely comfortable .
 I have to wear in-shoe plastic braces on my lower legs so always trying to find a confortable & good looking shoe that will also accomodate the braces - the Rockport does the trick in one larger size & the shoes are both comfy & sharp lookin .
 Just as I suspected . I have had a pair of these shoes for 5 years now and needed to replace them . They are excellent . Good fit and good wear . Retired old shoes to work around house in . They are still not worn out .
 Back in 2001 , I bought my first pair of these as kind of an `` image makeover '' for myself early in college . Apparently these shoes have been in production since the late 60 's / early 70 's ! -LRB- or at least , that 's what I 've been told -RRB- I 'm now purchasing my 5th pair of these shoes as they are unbelievably comfortable and last forever . I work as a manager in retail and am on my feet for an average of 8 to 10 hours a day at least 5 days a week , and then these shoes are so great , I usually wear them even on my days off.The thing that I like best about them is that you can wear them in almost any situation from business casual to semi-formal , so flexible , interchangeable and useful in so many situations . Plus , they 've got a tread on them that 's great for any conditions , including the winter which can get pretty nasty in the part of Michigan I live . Furthermore , since these shoes have been in production for a long time , if you like these shoes , you can just get another pair when your current ones wear out , which is very important for me since it can be very difficult to find shoes that combine comfort , longevity , style and traction .
 The shoe was exactly what was ordered but I ordered the wrong size and there was no problem exchanging the pair of shoes for the size wanted . The company was easy to reach by phone and sent the new size right away . I want to emphasize how good the company was -LRB- sorry I can not remember the company name -RRB- . Michael and Judith Deery
 I bought these to replace my 15 year old pair of prowalkers . The new pair are just as good as the old ones , feel good from the getgo and look sharp . An excellent value .
 Wear it every day -LRB- all day walking -RRB- for the past month , no need to `` break-in '' . Top-notch comfort . Will get another one as backup . I got mine from local Macy when it 's on sale . Best casual shoe , period .
 Best walking shoes I have ever owned . Spend a lot of time on my feet and they fit nicely . Totally satisfied . Will be buying another pair soon .
 Most shoes have a distinct comfort lifespan , in the shape of a bell curve . They are uncomfortable for the first few days while you shape them , then are fine for a year or so , till they start to lose padding . But , not these!I just bought my second pair of this wonderful design , as my first pair was starting to lose tread after over three years . These shoes feel great from 15 minutes after you first put them on , forever -LRB- or at least 3 years -RRB- . These shoes run a little bit larger than normal , and I find myself comfortable in a 10.0 instead of my usual 10.5 .
 I have foot problems . My foot Doctor prescribed these shoes along with orthotics . I 've been wearing them for the past 15 years . These shoes have a very strong mid-sole and arch .
 I have plantar fascitis which means that walking distances without orthotic shoe inserts and well supported rubber soled shoes quickly results in agonizing heel pain . Finding good walking shoes that look good at a reasonable price is almost as painful . In short , these work so well that I now have three pairs and are my shoes of choice for any activity short of dress up functions . I would note that they tend to run a tad smaller than other walking shoes and you may want to order a half size larger than normal if you have orthotic shoe inserts . Best approach is to find a store where you can try them on to verify size and then buy them from the source that offers the best price , choice and service which is usually going to be Amazon . I am really pleased with these shoes and will probably buy another pair -LRB- color -RRB- when they go on special sale .
 Have had a pair of Rockport shoes and have worn them daily through rain , snow , and summer heat for about 5 years . They have been very comfortable and worn well . The first several years I was on my feet daily in an Aircraft Maintenance Facility . Several years ago I retired and continued to wear these shoes . Looked for a dealer locally with the wide designation and could not find any so reverted to the internet where the shoes were found and bought . Present use is for dress while still using the older pair for every day use . Mike E.
 I put my new Rockport shoes on and they fit me perfectly , allowing me to wear them all day without the slightest discomfort . I have never worn a more comfortable pair of dress shoes . I walk all day , and usually my feet are dead when I come home . With the Rockport shoes , I can do a 10-hour shift with no foot discomfort.A very dressy shoe , I get a lot of compliments on the styling . And when I flip them over and show people the soles , they want them ! I was originally put off by the price of the shoes , but after wearing them for a week , they are worth every penny.I will buy this product -LRB- or a similar Rockport shoe -RRB- again .
 I previously gave these shoes 5 stars but now have to take back 1 . There seems to be a re-design of the tongue and it had been a quite-painful break-in period . The tongue corners poked into my ankles for about 2 weeks . I would pull the tongues up and they stopped hurting but only for a few steps , then they were back to in-pain-position . It took over a week for the corners to soften up enough that they were n't so irritating ; another week and the shoes were comfortable . I 've gone through 4 or 5 pairs of these shoes over the years , these were the first to hurt ; previous pairs took only a 1-day break-in period . I had sworn these shoes off during those painful break-in days but now would buy them again , but will do something to soften up those tongue corners .
 Great shoes , very comfy , true to sizeAfter receiving them I googled the model # justfor fun and found them $ 15.00 cheaper and with free shipping at different online companies.Bargain Outfitters charged $ 89.97 plus $ 9.99 S&H ; Next time I will do some more research - Amazon is not always the cheapest !
 I 've been wearing these Rockport shoes for at least 8 years - They feel great from the start . I no longer have foot discomfort . My back & hip-joint pain goes away until the heals start to wear down . Each pair last me 9-12 months . When my back starts to ache , it 's time for new shoes . I 've never worn out uppers or had sole separation.The only problem I have with the shoe is finding them in black 8EE or 8EEE . When I do find them I buy at least 3 pair . This is the first time I 've looked on line and still no luck .
 This is my third pair of rockports , same model . What can I say ? Shoes are very good . Fit was excellent . First time that I buy this model from Amazon . More convenient than going to the shopping mall , better price , no gas , no tax .
 I have used this brand and style of Rockport walking shoe for 10 years and found them to be both comfortable and goodlooking at the same time .
 I bought a pair of black and brown tumbled shoes for my husband . He loves Rockport shoes , particularly the World Tour Classic which is very well made , soft leather and thicker sole pad . He 's very tall with big feet ; therefore , comfort is very important to him . I gave it a 4-star because the wide shoes were too big for him and he tripped the first day he wore them . I highly recommend these shoes ... just be sure to get the right size .
 This is my first pair of Rockports . In the past , I have never been a loyal patron of any particular brand of shoe , but after my experience with these Rockports , this is going to change . I ca n't quite recall how long I 've had these shoes , but it 's been awhile . If I had bought NB or any other brand that I 've worn in the past , by now they would have shown their age both aesthetically and internally . Not my Rockports . These shoes look just about as good now as they did when I bought them and are just as comfortable!Sure , they are a little more expensive , but you get what you pay for . And so far what I have gotten from my Rockports is comfort , longevity , and quality construction . If you 're looking for a shoe that 's attractive in its simplicity , comfortable , and will last and last and last , look no further . I am a dedicated Rockport devotee from now on ...
 I like these shoes a lot . I live in San Diego and hate to dress up much more than casual . I run a business and my big dress up day is a clean pair of jeans and these shoes . I own about 30 million worth of commercial property . I meet with people all the time wearing suits . I am who I am and these shoes feel just right . These shoes are the perfect blend of function and style for me . I walk a lot and have worn out two pairs like these before . They are a good value for the money . As they age , they never look cheap as some other brands do . I wear tennis shoes and these . Highly recommended .
 I 've used this exact shoe for 5 years -LRB- 5 of them -RRB- and love them .
 The brown tumbled have been my standard wear-to-work shoe for over 20 years . The chocolate nubuck version is my weekend shoe . These are the most naturally comfortable shoes I have ever found , and they look great.They 're produced in Vietnam and China . My feet say the Vietnam production feels better . The only problem I ever had was with one pair produced in China . I could n't put my finger on it but something was n't right.I ca n't describe with words how much I have enjoyed wearing Rockport 's World Tour Classics all these years . They 're perfect in every way and the price is reasonable.I greatly appreciate Rockport for staying on course with these shoes . No changes , same great fit and appearance , with solid durability for a reasonable price.For as long as Rockport continues to sell these shoes , I will be buying them . Hopefully , that will be for a long time to come .
 These are my favorite , most comfortable shoes . Period . I wear them everywhere and am on my fourth pair since I bough my first ones twelve years ago .
 I have been wearing this model shoe for about 15 years.I have wide feet and to make things worse , I have had some Morton 's Neuroma in my feet - therefore , I need wide , well padded shoes with good support.These shoes fit the bill magnificently , which is why i keep buying them.I can wear them all day , even when on holidays and am walking < 10 miles per day , without any discomfort.Absolutely fantastic shoes !
 Great shoes . Great price . No `` breaking in '' required.These were purchased as a gift as a replacement for a pair purchased 5 years ago and worn almost everyday.The black tumbled color also does not need polishing on a regular basis . Overall a wonderful shoe .
 Having discovered Rockport walking shoes about 15 years ago , I have always gone back to ordering them again , now for the third time . These are very comfortable for the 13 extra wide size that I need and are very durable . The trick is to shop around and be patient in order to grab a deal on these but for the money , these are worth every cent . They are casual for work and very comfortable for the 2 miles or more walks I used to take during lunch . They are very hard to part with once the time comes to get a new pair , so be prepared .
 For 30 years I have been wearing Techni Stride sold by Cabela 's and I decided to try the Rockport shoes . They are a much better shoe.The shoes need no break in - comfortable from the first time you put them on , and are light shoes , which makes them great for walking and everyday use . I even wear them to work-out when I walk the tread mill . Put them on and they feel like you have worn them for many times - no inserts that have to conform to your feet . Water proof -LRB- resistant -RRB- . I give them Five Stars.I highly recommend these shoes and even though some reviews did not like the fact that they are made in Vietnam , I had no probem with these shoes.I have a problem with the outside soles of my shoes wearing out because my feet lean to the outside . The soles on these shoes ae so durable , but comfortable , that they out last the other brand that I have worn for all this time.I ordered another pair , my second , because they are such a comfortable shoe.Try them and you will like them .
 These Rockports have a straight last , which I personally much prefer over a curved last because of the type of arch support I find to be the most comfortable when wearing a pair of shoes for a long stretch -LRB- like when going to the Fair and walking all day -RRB- . They tend toward sizing a tad small , so if you 're in between , go for a 1/2 size up , and being able to get an 11-N is a luxury for me . I broke them in -LRB- yes , they 're not wear-ready right of the box -RRB- by wearing them around the house for a few days . Since they 've softened up , they have been my choice of foot wear over my old white tennies and my NB walking shoes . I have other Rocs and my feet love 'em . I 'm not worried about the nice clean look -- they 'll get spills and dirt with time . I could use any of several products to keep them pristine looking -LRB- Scotchguard is good -RRB- , but I 'd rather they aged naturally . Great shoes . Great price at Amazon -LRB- I put them on my Wish List and then just waited for the price to plummet -RRB- .
 Rockport 's World Tour Classic Walking Shoe is a great , comfortable , every-day shoe . I 've owned over 15 pairs in the last decade and will continue to purchase them for work and casual attire . I just wish the matching shoe-strings would last a little longer . On some colors , replacement shoe-strings are hard to find .
 I only wear Rockport -LRB- I 'm a little hard to fit - 13EEE -RRB- , and this is one of the best shoes they sell . The black leather ones are great both for walking and as business shoes . That means I do n't have to pack a 2nd pair of shoes .
 Great shoes ! I ca n't find my feet size in the local Mall everywhere but I can find them here at Amazon . Great price too . Will buy again .
 I have been wearing this particular style of Rockport shoes for years and years . Comfort , quality and durability is why Rockport shoes are second to none .
 Consumer Reports lead me to these fine shoes several years ago . I 've never regretted it . I buy a new pair every year . Yea ! Rockport WT Classic Walking Shoes .
 I will defenitly purchase from this vendor again , item was delivered on a timely manner . It met all of my expectation .
 I have been a purchaser of Cole Haan shoes for a long time . I 've always believed good footwear is very important if you 're on your feet all day . I have friends who buy cheap shoes and always complain how their feet hurt . I am extremely tough on footwear because of my size . I 'm 6 ' 5 '' , weigh 215 lbs and have a very high arch in my foot . I like all leather shoes because they will last a long time with proper care and they can be resoled . Cole Haan shoes are always true to size and this style can be worn with Dockers , dress slacks , a suit and jeans . I 'm giving them 4 stars only because they took much longer to break in than other Cole Haan shoes I 've owned . Once they loosened up , they are extremely comfortable and look good all the time .
 I 've worn Cole Haan shoes for probably the last 20 years and these pinch-tassel loafers are alway good quality at a very reasonable price . They are one of the few shoes that you can find in EEE sizes for wide feet and they wear very well . The leather uppers hold up well and the leather soles last a long while also , but I 'd suggest taking them to a shoe store after you buy them and having soles/heels put on them before the leather soles/heels wear down much . If you do they 'll wear a couple years longer . They 're comfortable , look good , and polish up great -- and at that price you ca n't beat them . I buy both the black and burgundy colors and can wear them with anything -- dress or casual .
 I have kind of wide feet , so I went with 3E , the regular size is pretty narrow . I love these shoes , they go with any color pants , and are great for the work environment .
 This is my third pair . I tend to wer loafers out pretty fast -LRB- Shoeswithin 6 months typically -RRB- but these last over two years . They are well made . I switched to these when Rockport stopped selling the style I liked . They were great too , but these last longer than Rockports . Price was great too . I am willing to pay for a good product , and these are good product .
 This cost me about $ 60 less than buying it at a local store . Good quality , good fit . I 'd buy it again .
 I finally broke down last week to replace the pair of Cole Haan pinch tassel shoes I 'd been wearing for the past 4 years . I had replaced the sole and heel already and was wearing through the current one . The uppers and tassels were still in good shape , so I was holding off as long as possible to milk every penny out of them . Slipped them on today and they 're -LRB- almost -RRB- as comfortable as my 4-year old pair . Great shoe at a great value .
 I have 3 pairs of these , one in each color . I LOVE THEM . Nice fit , very well made , durable and classic . With my unusual size -LRB- 13 3E -RRB- I am very happy they make such a good looking shoe that fits me . I highly recommend them !
 Love Cole Haan shoes and even better when they 're on sale . I purchased 2 pair and will again when Amazon has them for $ 99
 This is a classic loafer that looks good and lasts . It is durable and holds a shine . Taken care of they last for years .
 Great product . Comfortable and stylish . One of the few styles available in narrow widths . Fast service as well . I have the same shoe in black .
 Some products are a nice surprise - like this one . The shoes are nice , standard , white , going to the mall types but there 's a twist
 i am in love with these shoes . i got the ones with the skulls and i get so many compliments . these are the sandals i have been looking for for a few years . they are comfortable-I 'm a big girl so it holds me comfortably . i want to find other ones that are similar . thank you thank you thank you thank you ! expect more business from me in the future .
 I love the fit of this platform flip flop and it came packaged very securely and I was pleased with the construction and durability of this shoe . I would purchase from this merchant again .
 These shoes are awesome ! Really comfortable and easy to walk in . Only problem was i wore them walking for an hour and got blisters . But they are great and my boyfriend loves them !
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 I wear these to work when I know that I will need extra comfort before the day is through !
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 Some products are a nice surprise - like this one . The shoes are nice , standard , white , going to the mall types but there 's a twist
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 I bought these for martial arts . I have lots of experience with wrestling and shoes . Most generally are more toward the narrow side and these are as well . However , I have VERY wide feet , -LRB- I swim REAL well -RRB- , and have learned to loosen the laces quite a bit !! After doing that these shoes work very well for what I am using them for . They would absolutely do the job on the mat as well ! I did n't say they are the best shoe out there , but you certainly get more than what your paying for !!
 This is my fourth pair of these shoes over many years . Most comfortable every-day shoes I have owned in a long time . Okay for almost every occasion except formal . Price has actually come down since the last time I bought a pair . Good value . My only complaint is that the quality seems to have slipped half a notch , especially in the stitching of the uppers which has a tendency to pull loose a bit around the nose of the shoe . Wish they made these with a velcro flap instead of the laces .
 This is the third pair of these shoes that I have owned.I wear these shoes as an everyday shoe and find them very comfortable . I walk aloton all kinds of surfaces and find that they give me great support .
 It was such a pleasure to find these Rockports for my husband in a narrow width and the style that he likes for work . The price was the perverbial cherry on top . They came quickly , fit perfectly and everyone is happy .
 I 've worked in a bank environment for 6-7 years now and these have been my shoes of choice . I have owned 5 pairs in total and am just about to buy my 6th . Both the Brown suede and Black leather versions.These are extremely comfortable , and appear dressy enough for a dress pants/shirt type work environment . I even use them for my daily lunch walk . For me , they 've held up 3-4 years each pair ... . The shoe laces are usually the first things to go out , which can be replaced halfway through their life.Highly recommended ... I will continue buying until they do not offer the product anymore .
 This is the third pair of Rockport Mens World Tour Classic Walking Shoes that I have purchased , purely because I find them the most comfortable shoes for travelling and their looks allow for daily casual tramping as well as looking formal for evening wear . Will keep buying these shoes whilst they are available .
 Having tried these shoes on locally before this purchase -LSB- to get correct size - hoping there was no difference between Australian and US sizing ! -RSB- I placed the order - waited 3 weeks for delivery and on arrival opened the box and tried on the shoes . My immediate - and now continuing - opinion
 Have bought nothing but Rockports in recent years , and they seem to last and are comfortable . I have one pair of dress shoes -LRB- wingtips -RRB- that are at least 30 years old and have not broken one stich . Also have two other wingtips that are 20 to 25 years old and they have also held up very well . Have bought many walking shoes made by Rockport and when the soles wear out I buy new ones . They also have never broken a stich . The recent pair seem to be high quality which were bought bro Amazon .
 I purchased the shoes to wear on our next trip to Europe . I have walked in the same shoes for too long so I looked for rockport shoes . I will know more after we return but the brief time I have used them they feel very comfortable
 They are very good quality construction . They provide good support . The shoe fits well.They are Superior in comfort to my `` dress shoes '' but not quite what I had expected from a `` walking shoe '' . After upgrading the inserts , it became a very comfortable shoe but still did not offer the shock absorption expected . I would buy them again but my expectations are changed .
 Compared to other brands this is a good buy . Well constructed and has adequate comfort without tiring out your feet . No major flaws and quality is right there with the best of them . Rockport is one of the best and the most comfortable shoe on the market today .
 Good product . Fast shipping from the merchant and as always a good job by Amazon
 My husband has been wearing this particular style of Rockport for almost 20 years . His last pair actually had the sides split and the soles coming off . What a great surprise when he got his new `` favotite '' shoes for Christmas . The quality is the same and the best price anywhere . I highly recommend this item to anyone . The service is good and the shipping time excellent . Thanks AMAZON!from the redneck capital of the world .
 This is my fisrt time to order shoes through internet -LRB- or mail order -RRB- . I have been wearing them to work for the past two weeks , and they are great . I was surprised that there was no discomfort at all from day one .
 I 've been wearing the Rockport walking shoes for over 6-years . Tried others , but these are the most comfortable and durable walking shoe product I have ever purchased . A bit pricy , yes , but I 'm willing to pay for comfort . They are very light-weight and give excellent support . I just switched to the Chocolate Nunbuck finish from the brown that I had purchased in the past and find this finish more resistant to showing scuff wear . I would highly recommend these shoes to anyone looking for a comfortable , good looking , everyday use shoe . My only issue is that I just wish these were made in the USA ! I got the `` XW '' -LRB- instead of the traditional `` EEE '' -RRB- and they fit very well . I buy from Amazon , because the local stores , in Denver , do n't seem to stock them and their prices are higher .
 `` This is the most comfortable shoe ever '' , many a review exclaims ... . well depends on the meaning of the word `` shoe '' . This is a shoe that is certainly about as comfortable as a good sneaker -LRB- aka athletic shoe -RRB- , so when compared to other `` shoe '' shoes -LRB- i.e. non-sneakers -RRB- it compares quite favorably . But if you are used to wearing comfy sneakers on a regular basis , then you may not find these Rockports to be `` the best thing ever '' ... merely good comfy foot apparel that looks like a shoe -LRB- i.e. not a sneaker -RRB- . So overall I give these a positive review , but just wanted to put some of those `` best ever '' reviews into perspective.Pros
 These shoes seem very comfortable and as described , only the sizing is off - at least for me . I returned them and will order the next larger size instead .
 Only had shoes for two weeks . Right shoe now hurts at inside ankle when walking . Will wait until I use them more before contacting Amazon.Rockport Men 's World Tour Classic Walking ShoeOk now that they are broken in . 3/21/10
 Rated best walking shoe by Consumer Reports , this shoe deserves its reputation . It is rugged yet good looking . It provides excellent support especially if you pronate . It is comfortable over long walks . I was able to get an unusual narrow size in an unusual light brown color to go with shorts using the Amazon purchase channel .
 Overall , this shoe is very comfortable but it could usea little more arch support . In addition , I am not sure how Iwould have felt if I knew in advance that the shoes are made in Vietnam .
 What can you say ? Rockports are excellent shoes . My husband loves them . The fit seems true to size . They are very comfortable .
 Great !!! Great !!! Comfortable shoes and product arrived in a timely manner . The shoes are like walking on air .
 The shoes were shipped promptly and arrived as expected . The shoes were the normal great product that one expects from Rockport .
 I really like these shoes I have purchased a pair in the past they are comfortable lightweight durable and long lasting . I have had no issues even though I am rough on shoes I have found these to be well worth the price . I have even purchased a pair for my 87 year old father who also loves them .
 I 'd give these shoes six stars if I could . I 've owned at least nine pairs over the years . They 're really , really comfortable . I have a fairly small foot -LRB- 7.5 -RRB- and it 's wonderful to be able to consistently get my size perfectly.The one downside is that they last only about a year of heavy use -LRB- wearing little else -RRB- . The nubeck leather is not easy to keep up . The sole will last longer . But if I want to look good , Rockport has dress shoes , too ... of which I own several .
 I 'm 89 years old and this is the first time I 've purchased shoes thru a internet company -- I held my breathe as to how satisfied I would be-but it was n't necessary-they were the exact size and width -LRB- narow -- very hard to find -RRB- -- arrived as promised and they look great-consider me a convert .
 I went through the majority of `` comfortable shoe '' stuff I could find . I landed on these Rockports - knowing they had a good name , but not trusting anyone or any hype . I ordered my size , and two days later they arrived . I work on concrete all day and have two other shoes that I thought would cut the grade , but they did n't . Also , I thought I should break in the shoes . But did n't have the luxury to do that . I wore them for the last 5 hours of the shift . They were stiff at first , hurt like the others , then as the time wore on , I noticed they were extremely comfortable . My feet felt so good after my long day . I look forward to tomorrow ! And ... they are made in Vietnam ? I was there in 1970 and can tell you that NOTHING of significance was made in Vietnam . Now , we have products coming from there that are superior to many of the brand names we are accustomed to . I do n't like sending money overseas , yet , today we live in a world economy , not just local . And maybe , just maybe , the little girl I photographed in 1970 has children that are making these shoes today and are living a better life because of it .
 Love these shoes , very comfortable on my feet , last about a year of wearing daily to work . I am a big guy -LRB- 6 ' 5 '' , 350 lbs -RRB- and require very comfortable shoes or my feet are killing me by the end of the day . These shoes are perfect for me . The leather does seem to be wearing abnormally fast on the back of my left shoe , on either side of the heel , but I think it 's from when i roll to and away from my desk and one of the wheels of my chair rubs the side of my foot . This does n't affect the comfort of the shoe though , so it does n't really bother me . If not for that I 'd give it a 5 star .
 Great shoes , They look great and are well built . Cummfy and they go well with anything . I love rockport shoes and have about 4 pair now and continue to keep buying more of them
 I purchased this pair of shoes for my brother as a gift , exactly at a not very good price.But my brother love them so much , it 's simple , classic and comfortable , the size 7W is fit to him very well , great!He and I we all like Rockport , love these shoes .
 These shoes have great arch support and are incredibly comfortable . I usually buy these in brown , but got black so that I could also wear them on formal night on a cruise ship and casual Fridays at work . The shoes are stiff at first , but get broken in after about three days . The last pair that I had needed new cushioning inserts after three years and the laces frayed after three and a half years . The tread is still in great shape . It just needs some polish on the toes to cover up where they get roughed up from kicking things . I like buying them on Amazon because of the lower price and that I can get the narrow width that local stores wo n't carry .
 I bought these shoes in black , brown and tan initially to accomodate orthotics . Now I wear them without orthotics . I love the stability of these shoes . They 're comfortable and durable . Even though they 're made for men , they look OK when I wear slacks . Several women have asked me where I got my shoes .
 I purchased these shoes after doing a little bit of internet research and after suffering foot pain during a recent trip to Italy , where I walked miles and miles in some very bad sandals . I highly recommend them for their excellent and stylish design , the support they provide and , above all , their comfort .
 These are the best walking shoes that I have ever owned . I am now into my fifth series of them . I buy two pairs a year , wear them alternatively for a week each . I walk my dog twice a day for an hour each time , and then some more . Hope that they keep them in production for ever - at least as long as I live !
 This is the second exact pair of Rockport 's I 've had in about six years . This new pair is every bit as good as the first , even though it was built in a different county than the first . I 'm well pleased with both the price and shipping cost .
 I received this pair of shoes at the exact same day on the order by ONTRAC . I love the shoes , they are made with real leather , has elegant designs and very comfortable to walk with , especially with the thorlo men 's socks I ordered on Amazon , they are perfectly matched .
 Ca n't get enough of these shoes . I already had 1 black and 1 cocoa suede pair and loved them enough to buy these . I wear them to work and stand/walk all day . Great , comfortable shoe .
 I bought these for my boyfriend for work . He had rockports before and paid much more for them at retail price . He helped me find the ones he wanted , we lucked up and found them in his size . Which is sometimes hard when buying shoes on Amazon . When we seem the price we then questioned the authenticity of them . But the seller was Amazon , so it restored our faith . When we received them , he was nothing but happy and satisfied . Now he looks at my Amazon shopping addiction a little lighter . He now has me on the hunt for a brown pair .
 Love these shoes . 8th pair I 've purchased over the years and these at a great price ! I 'm a big guy and these are my all day , daily wearers.Good delivery too .
 I ordered this shoe after reading some good reviews on Amazon . I spend all day on my feet at work and so I wanted a comfortable shoe and this certainly is that . My only negative is that the tongue of the shoe is well made but is a bit stiff , so the break in period had to be supplemented with some padding to ameliorate some soreness where the shoe tongue was making contact with my upper ankle . Other than that I am happy with the shoe .
 I bought these for my husband - we are going to Italy in a few weeks and plan to do a lot of walking . It is not the easiest task to buy shoes for someone else , so I went for Rockports because , well , they are great shoes . The World Tour Classic Walking Shoe did not disappoint - the fit is perfect and he says they are very comfortable . Ta da !
 I bought these as I like the Rockport line of shoes . They are comfortable and go with a lot of my casual trousers . They are also okay where you dress up , like a wedding , but still good to go dancing in later on .
 Had a worn pair of Rockport walking shoes that are very comfortable , these are very comfortable also and built the same . I expect to get several years of wear out of these wearing nearly every day .
 It is extremely comfortable and is very affordable . These shoes will become my daily except for when I exercise . They 're not that stylish if you wear them with slacks but are good with everything else .
 This was my first experience with shoes from Amazon . Since I already owned a pair of these -LRB- now worn out -RRB- I knew the style and size . Product arrived exactly when they said . My final landed cost was $ 40 - $ 65 less - shipping included - , than what I could get locally or in the Bigger City.Such a good deal that I 'm looking for another pair . Lets see $ 92 / $ 160 = 58 % of retail !
 I 've been wearing these shoes for about 10 years . They are simply the most comfortable , best looking casual shoe I have ever owned . They are also very economical . I 've paid as much as $ 120 in Nordstroms when the shoe was available in stores , now $ 70 on Amazon is a real bargain . Hope Rockport does n't discontinue making them anytime soon .
 This cushioning helps me get around better because I can put more weight on my left foot which has a broken ankle . I can walk in these , not so much in regular shoes .
 The comments in other reviews regarding this shoe running tight or narrow are indeed true . My husband normally wears a 10D or normal width . The first pair were too narrow and tight , he sent them back and ordered a 10W and they fit perfectly . This is a great shoe and looks great with jeans or kahakis .
 ROckport Men 's World Tour walking shoes just fit . Requires virtually no break in period , and its look is timeless . This is n't a shoe for formal wear , but it does well for dressed down business or walking about . The sole is balanced , giving good lateral stability as well as great support . There is ample toe room with the gradually rounded toe . The one complaint if there is one is that Rockport could do well to invest more in laces that do n't come undone easily.Otherwise , it is the most comfortable shoe and a good value.And the sole of the shoe wo n't break apart in two year as does the Ecco brand .
 My husband has had these shoes before and Amazon offers them at a great price . The shoes are very comfortable and true to size .
 The shoes are pretty much what a shoes are supposed to be . They protect your feet , they do not bother you . I like the look too .
 Rockports are comfortable and easy to wear on old feet . They are much easier than most sports shoes and look tidier .
 I found these shoes to be very comfortable and durable . They make an excellent walking shoe and I have been very pleased with this product !
 These are a great pair of casual shoes . This is the 4th pair of these that I 've had . I have a 3E foot so finding a comfortable shoe can be difficult . These are comfortable right out of the box and last a long time . I wear mine frequently and they look good for about 2 years . When I get a new pair , the old ones become my work in the yard / walk in the mud shoes , and I wear them for another 2 year . They never seem to wear completely out .
 I wear these to work 5 days a week and do a high volume of walking . I switch from saucony and these blow them away . Have had them for 3 + months and no signs of wear !
 This is my second pair and they are a good fit right out of the box . The finish is durable and takes lots of snow and slush punishment with just a brush to keep them clean . The tread is very useful in winter climes and it wears extremely long . One can be comfortable walking on otherwise slippery surfaces . Good for those of us not always too sure on our feet . Because it is an aggressive tread it takes some effort sometimes to cleanpacked snow or mud out of them . Great color for khaki and brown slacks . Very light and one can walk or stand for long periods of time without discomfort .
 Got these in extra wide . Shoes and I usually are a mismatch , but these Rockports are perfect . I got them in black and am about to place a second order for brown .
 My husband has had a pair of these for a few years and it came time to replace . He did not want to try any other brand/type and just reordered the same type , he likes them a lot ! He says they are very comfortable , almost as tennis shoes , but they look professional . Very quick shipment .
 Long time have I searched stores in the area for a decent shoe . Being of larger size , it is like finding a needle in a haystack to find the right size . These shoes are great comfortable and look nice too . I bought 3 pair , one for my dad and 2 for me and they work great .
 I have worn these shoes for about 20 years , in my experience a pair lasts 1 to 2 years if worn 3 or 4 times a week . Very comfortable , long lasting , and will continue to look good with a little shoe polish and buffing when they need it . Amazon had the best price I have seen on these .
 This is a great casual shoe . Good quality and the laces stay tied . It gives arch support and is very comfortable . I wear 11 1/2 B and have never had any luck finding my size in Houston . I have another pair of Rockports that are 11 D that I have worn for years that I like but getting the right size makes all of the difference . I will be ordering some more now that I can get the right size .
 From the moment you first put them on Rockport shoes are ready to wear . Rockport walking shoes are rugged , comfortable and as stated in their name , they are made for walking . They feel good on your foot from the first.Since I bought my first pair over a decade ago , I have been sold on the value , durability , and comfort of Rockport shoes . I shall continue to buy and use them .
 My last pair of Rockport walking shoes lasted very well . I even had them partially re-soled . This pair is almost identical in appearance , but the leather seems thicker and they do n't seem to breathe as well . They 're probably tougher , but also noticeably warmer on the feet . This will be an issue when traveling in hot climates . Too bad they could n't have stayed with the lighter leather for my taste . Otherwise a great , good looking shoe .
 I wish I had found these shoes earlier . I 've bought both brown & black models and where other shoes become uncomfortable near the end of the work day , these crossover shoes feel great hours longer .
 Comfortable and practical shoes at a reasonable price with prompt delivery . I 've been wearing Rockport shoes for decades . I know what size Rockports fit me so I 'm safe buying them on line . This is my second pair purchased on line and I have no regrets .
 Rockport Men 's shoes are great . They are consistently of high quality and long length of life . I will buy more in the future as I have in the past .
 These shoes are the only ones my husband will wear . They 're comfortable from the start & last forever . He is very hard on shoes & these wear the longest .
 These shoes are very good . They are comfortable and easy to take care of . I will be buying more Rockports in the future .
 Great product from Rockport . One of the best walking shoes I have ever owned . Just wish I could have gotten these in a wide . They are a little tight . Hopefully this will remedy itself with wear .
 Awesome shoes . Bought them for my husband . Spends a lot of time on his feet at work .
 These shoes are very comfortable casual shoes and are highly recommended . They are also very durable .
 These shoes are well made , durable , comfortable and always fit the same . No surprises when you wear them out and get another pair ! Highly recommended to anyone who is on his feet all day and needs a comfortable , durable and well made shoe !
 My husband had an earlier version of this shoe and Amazon made it easy for him to order a new pair . They arrived quickly and the fit is great .
 I have a lot of foot problems . I find these shoes to be very comfortable and one of the few shoes I can wear without special -LRB- and expensive -RRB- inserts . I also like the style , which I have referred to as `` an engineer 's shoe . '' In other words , it looks nice , but not `` suit-ish . `` I have had more comfortable shoes , and ones of better quality ... but they were MUCH more expensive .
 My dad has worn a pair of these same shoes for years and I promised to get him a new pair for Christmas . The new pair are just as comfortable and durable as the old ones . They are well worth full price , but I was lucky to find the cyber monday deal and paid only $ 60 . The size runs true for him and they are a nice , comfortable casual shoe .
 I 've had several pair of this exact shoe and find they are the most comfortable of any I have ever worn . After they are worn out for everyday use , I use them for lawn mowing or other work .
 Great comfortable shoe ; stands up well in rough surfaces as well as just plain sidewalk walking . Meets all of my expectations with great heel support for a heel spur pain that I have .
 I 've been wearing the equivilent shoe fron NB . The model I used has recently been discontinued , so I changed to this one and found a much better price at Amazon and the shoe felt like I 'd been wearing it for 2 or 3 months . Great shoes .
 Being a shift worker I can wear my Rockports for up to 14 hours a day . Over the years I 've tried on many different brands and styles and was never completely satisfied . When I tried on a pair of Rockport men 's World Tours my feet were immediately enveloped with pure comfort and a strong sense of stability . The comfort , flexibility and workmanship makes this a very good wearing shoe . It really feels like its a part of your foot and that was the sensation I had been searching for . It 's a great shoe !
 The shoes are fit very well , and very comfortable . However , If the seller respond more quickly and ship the shoes in time , it would be better .
 The shoe is of excellent quality and everything as advertised . I am a big fan of Rockport shoes and these are as usual fit well , comfortable and priced right .
 I have bought this shoe several times in several colors for serious walking on trips when I can not afford trouble with feet or sprained ankles . Solid , well cushioned -LRB- fewer blisters -RRB- , good structure -LRB- less twisted ankles -RRB- , comfortable . Sole is non-slip but does n't get clogged with mud . True to size - once you find your size , can safely order the same again . Wide variety of sizes and widths available . I waterproof it with silicone spray to protect the -LRB- real -RRB- leather . It 's expensive but worth it .
 I needed to replace a worn pair -LRB- after about 7 years -RRB- of similar Rockports that I wore the heck out of . I was impressed with the comfort and durability of the worn pair and knew I had to get Rockports again . Not being a big shoe shopper I was thrilled to find them selling on Amazon with free shipping!These shoes are just like the others - comfortable , durable , and decent looking . Able to dress them up or dress them down . I highly recommend .
 I have worn this brand of shoe for 40 years and the sizing and workmanship is very uniform over the years . No breakin period is necessary with these shoes
 I have a narrow , hard-to-fit foot and wanted a reasonably priced walking shoe for city/street walking . What a find ! These are probably the most comfortable shoes -LRB- after well-fitted runners -RRB- I have owned , the price was excellent , and the tread grip from damp/wet streets to polished office lobbies creates great confidence in the shoes . Not bad looking either . I will buy more pairs soon , just to ensure I have them as they naturally wear , age , and die .
 The Rockport Men 's Would Tour Classic Walking Shoe has been a great buy for me after some modifications . Initially , I had a problem with these shoes wearing out after six months . The inside front of the left shoe would become uneven and uncomfortable . A shoe store owner , who has since retired , showed me how to fix my left shoe to get a better fit . Simply add a tongue pad and a inner sole to the loose fitting shoe and it works great . To do this , you may have to use a 1/2 size larger shoe . I normally use a size # 10R . For this shoe , I use a size 10 1/2 R. Hope this helps someone get a longer and more comfortable wear from a very good shoe .
 I have bought 3 pairs of these shoes for work and walking around NYC ! They last for a very long time and the support is vital in this concrete city ! My personal fave !!
 I have been purchasing these particular Rockport shoes for several years and find them durable and good looking for a 2 year wear period . I do n't have think or try to find other shoes that meet my criteria . They fit , are comfortable and are a consistant quality .
 I wear wide shoes and the rockports fit good . I have a black pair and brown pair . I recommend these shoes for anyone that needs good comfortable walking shoes .
 My Rockport Edge Hill shoes finally wore out after 4 years of service worn every work day . I decided to try Mason 's Ultra Walker and when I received them they just were n't comfortable . They were stiff and bulky . I am sure that they would have eventually broke in but my original Rockports were comfortable from day one.I ordered the Rockport World Tour shoes and they are indeed very comfortable right out of the box . I will purchase another pair in 4 years when these wear out .
 I 'm on my second pair . These are the most comfortable leather shoes I have ever owned . The first pair I wore for 3 years before the soles and the inside stitching wore out . I wore them when my wife and I spent two weeks in Scotland and we walked everywhere.These shoes are stylish enough for casual dress or blue jeans .
 As expected , an awesome shoe . Fits perfectly from the very start . Great customer service throughout the entire purchase process . Would gladly recommend this shoe for anyone .
 These shoes are very comfortable . At the end of the day my feet still have some life in them . They 're not too hot , and I 'm not in a hurry to get my shoes off . I 'm glad I have these to go to work in every day .
 Bought this pair of shoes for my teen son who 's flat footed and needs a shoe with good ankle support . He absolutely loves these shoes - nice form , nice color , soft , very comfortable walking shoe , good heel cushioning , firm ankle support . He always uses it when he 's not in school as they need to be in regulation black leather shoes in school . Truly good value for money !
 Shoes fit great and are a real blessing to walk in . They were delivered in a timely fashion . I am well pleased !!!
 I 've been wearing these Rockport shoes for at least 8 years - They feel great from the start . I no longer have foot discomfort . My back & hip-joint pain goes away until the heals start to wear down . Each pair last me 9-12 months . When my back starts to ache , it 's time for new shoes . I 've never worn out uppers or had sole separation.The only problem I have with the shoe is finding them in black 8EE or 8EEE . When I do find them I buy at least 3 pair . This is the first time I 've looked on line and still no luck .
 This is my third pair of rockports , same model . What can I say ? Shoes are very good . Fit was excellent . First time that I buy this model from Amazon . More convenient than going to the shopping mall , better price , no gas , no tax .
 I have used this brand and style of Rockport walking shoe for 10 years and found them to be both comfortable and goodlooking at the same time .
 I bought a pair of black and brown tumbled shoes for my husband . He loves Rockport shoes , particularly the World Tour Classic which is very well made , soft leather and thicker sole pad . He 's very tall with big feet ; therefore , comfort is very important to him . I gave it a 4-star because the wide shoes were too big for him and he tripped the first day he wore them . I highly recommend these shoes ... just be sure to get the right size .
 This is my first pair of Rockports . In the past , I have never been a loyal patron of any particular brand of shoe , but after my experience with these Rockports , this is going to change . I ca n't quite recall how long I 've had these shoes , but it 's been awhile . If I had bought NB or any other brand that I 've worn in the past , by now they would have shown their age both aesthetically and internally . Not my Rockports . These shoes look just about as good now as they did when I bought them and are just as comfortable!Sure , they are a little more expensive , but you get what you pay for . And so far what I have gotten from my Rockports is comfort , longevity , and quality construction . If you 're looking for a shoe that 's attractive in its simplicity , comfortable , and will last and last and last , look no further . I am a dedicated Rockport devotee from now on ...
 I like these shoes a lot . I live in San Diego and hate to dress up much more than casual . I run a business and my big dress up day is a clean pair of jeans and these shoes . I own about 30 million worth of commercial property . I meet with people all the time wearing suits . I am who I am and these shoes feel just right . These shoes are the perfect blend of function and style for me . I walk a lot and have worn out two pairs like these before . They are a good value for the money . As they age , they never look cheap as some other brands do . I wear tennis shoes and these . Highly recommended .
 I 've used this exact shoe for 5 years -LRB- 5 of them -RRB- and love them .
 The brown tumbled have been my standard wear-to-work shoe for over 20 years . The chocolate nubuck version is my weekend shoe . These are the most naturally comfortable shoes I have ever found , and they look great.They 're produced in Vietnam and China . My feet say the Vietnam production feels better . The only problem I ever had was with one pair produced in China . I could n't put my finger on it but something was n't right.I ca n't describe with words how much I have enjoyed wearing Rockport 's World Tour Classics all these years . They 're perfect in every way and the price is reasonable.I greatly appreciate Rockport for staying on course with these shoes . No changes , same great fit and appearance , with solid durability for a reasonable price.For as long as Rockport continues to sell these shoes , I will be buying them . Hopefully , that will be for a long time to come .
 These are my favorite , most comfortable shoes . Period . I wear them everywhere and am on my fourth pair since I bough my first ones twelve years ago .
 I have been wearing this model shoe for about 15 years.I have wide feet and to make things worse , I have had some Morton 's Neuroma in my feet - therefore , I need wide , well padded shoes with good support.These shoes fit the bill magnificently , which is why i keep buying them.I can wear them all day , even when on holidays and am walking < 10 miles per day , without any discomfort.Absolutely fantastic shoes !
 Most shoes have a distinct comfort lifespan , in the shape of a bell curve . They are uncomfortable for the first few days while you shape them , then are fine for a year or so , till they start to lose padding . But , not these!I just bought my second pair of this wonderful design , as my first pair was starting to lose tread after over three years . These shoes feel great from 15 minutes after you first put them on , forever -LRB- or at least 3 years -RRB- . These shoes run a little bit larger than normal , and I find myself comfortable in a 10.0 instead of my usual 10.5 .
 I have foot problems . My foot Doctor prescribed these shoes along with orthotics . I 've been wearing them for the past 15 years . These shoes have a very strong mid-sole and arch .
 I have plantar fascitis which means that walking distances without orthotic shoe inserts and well supported rubber soled shoes quickly results in agonizing heel pain . Finding good walking shoes that look good at a reasonable price is almost as painful . In short , these work so well that I now have three pairs and are my shoes of choice for any activity short of dress up functions . I would note that they tend to run a tad smaller than other walking shoes and you may want to order a half size larger than normal if you have orthotic shoe inserts . Best approach is to find a store where you can try them on to verify size and then buy them from the source that offers the best price , choice and service which is usually going to be Amazon . I am really pleased with these shoes and will probably buy another pair -LRB- color -RRB- when they go on special sale .
 Have had a pair of Rockport shoes and have worn them daily through rain , snow , and summer heat for about 5 years . They have been very comfortable and worn well . The first several years I was on my feet daily in an Aircraft Maintenance Facility . Several years ago I retired and continued to wear these shoes . Looked for a dealer locally with the wide designation and could not find any so reverted to the internet where the shoes were found and bought . Present use is for dress while still using the older pair for every day use . Mike E.
 I put my new Rockport shoes on and they fit me perfectly , allowing me to wear them all day without the slightest discomfort . I have never worn a more comfortable pair of dress shoes . I walk all day , and usually my feet are dead when I come home . With the Rockport shoes , I can do a 10-hour shift with no foot discomfort.A very dressy shoe , I get a lot of compliments on the styling . And when I flip them over and show people the soles , they want them ! I was originally put off by the price of the shoes , but after wearing them for a week , they are worth every penny.I will buy this product -LRB- or a similar Rockport shoe -RRB- again .
 I previously gave these shoes 5 stars but now have to take back 1 . There seems to be a re-design of the tongue and it had been a quite-painful break-in period . The tongue corners poked into my ankles for about 2 weeks . I would pull the tongues up and they stopped hurting but only for a few steps , then they were back to in-pain-position . It took over a week for the corners to soften up enough that they were n't so irritating ; another week and the shoes were comfortable . I 've gone through 4 or 5 pairs of these shoes over the years , these were the first to hurt ; previous pairs took only a 1-day break-in period . I had sworn these shoes off during those painful break-in days but now would buy them again , but will do something to soften up those tongue corners .
 Great shoes , very comfy , true to sizeAfter receiving them I googled the model # justfor fun and found them $ 15.00 cheaper and with free shipping at different online companies.Bargain Outfitters charged $ 89.97 plus $ 9.99 S&H ; Next time I will do some more research - Amazon is not always the cheapest !
 Rockport World Tour - what can I say ? I 've had a women 's pair for over 10 years and they still look brand new . I buy the men 's pair for my husband , who wears them to work every day and is incredibly rough on shoes , and he swears by them . My husband requires a new pair every 18 months-2 years , and we pay $ 60 for a pair through Amazon rather than $ 200 in Australian stores . Comfortable enough to wear all day from the moment you buy them , hard wearing and fashionable enough for men to wear with a suit , they are a perfect shoe . If you have a wide foot , get the 2A size . I would recommend these shoes to anyone .
 Okay , I 've owned both the Chocolate Brown nubuck and the Sand nubucks for about a month now . They 're both well made and comfortable right out of the box . I think the natural rough leather surface resists scuffs quite well . I suspect the smoother leather surfaces on some versions of this shoe might be more prone to scuffing -- but that 's just an opinion . These are definitely made for walking . But I might recommend an insert to beef up the cushioning if you 're on your feet all day . And while these may look rugged and ready for anything , I actually think of them more as Mall crawling shoes . You know , indoor stuff with a casual bent . I just could n't see taking these shoes booney stomping as the cleanup would be difficult and the sole and tread pattern are n't well-suited to rough terrain , in my view . But for shorter trips in the city on foot , or say , at the art show , these are n't too shabby at all.And it 's true , they are a dream to walk in . They 're reasonably cool in warmer climates . And they 're casual enough without being overly grungy looking -- like so many sneakers tend to look when they 're no longer brand new . With care , I can see these shoes lasting for years . I 'll probably buy a third pair in black -- so that all of my colored khaki pants have a matching shoe and belt set . Again , casual can be very cool and these Rockports fill a vital need in my closet right between my dress shoes and sneakers .
 I 've worn various models of Rockport shoes for years and all have been great , but for whatever reason these are the most comfortable ever . I 've always scratched my head as to how J.C. Penney 's Rockports can be $ 10.00 less than from the Rockport site -LRB- It just seems counter-intuitive -RRB- . But , ladies and gentlemen , these were $ 10.00 less than J.C. Penney !! So there you have it ... quality shoes at a great price , shipped and received promptly.Thanks , Amazon . I 'll be back ...
 The shoes are fantastic , comfortable using them at work as a men 's hairdresser , and also to walk 4 kilometers before starting work , you need all the help you can get when you are 68 years old.walking keeps you young , specially if you do n't smoke or take funny staff.CheersSam Petrou .
 IN CASE THE TITLE THROWS YOU -- Nell is the other half of this partnership and this review is for my experience with Rockport.I ordered a pair of Rockport walking shoes to wear while building our retirement home . I liked them so much that I orderedthree more pairs , thinking that the supplier would quit carrying them . Sure enough , they did . That was in 1993 . I am stillwearing the third -LRB- and last -RRB- pair , which are about worn out . After two years of looking for exact replacements I came acrossthese Rockports in Amazon ; it is getting harder to find real arch supports in shoes today and these have them . My plan is
 20 years ago a friend of mine who owned a shoe store suggested I try Rockport shoes ; at the time they were way over my budget but I was sick of sore feet and shoes that did n't last so I cringed and paid the bill . I have never looked back or at another shoe since , it is the only non athletic shoe I buy now and it has never disappointed me yet . Pricey yes but it lasts twice as long and is way more comfortable .
 This is the third or forth purchase of this shoe . They are very comfortable and last about two or three years with about 50 % wearing . They get `` loose '' before the soles wear out .
 Very light and comfortable . It is very useful as a second pair during business travel in the suitcase . After business meeting or customer meeting , change to this pair for walking around your own office or to/from hotel and restaurants in a business casual outfit .
 I 've been wearing this model of Rockport for a long time . I lose count how many pair I have purchased over the years . This specific model has been around for 40 years , as I understand it.It 's comfortable , wears well , and provides nice support . I was drawn to it when I was both working in an office environment and spending a lot of time each day walking for fitness . This pair works whether you are greeting clients in the office or going for a six mile walk on a gravelly trail . Its rugged construction and conservative look is a winning combination.A friend of mine once remarked that he did n't hesitate to spend to get a quality pair of shoes and a quality mattress , because , he said , he figured he was spending most of his time on one or the other . -LRB- Come to think of it , he did n't spend much time sitting . Har ! -RRB- I do n't mind taking the time to write a few nice things about Rockport , because , for me , Rockport rocks .
 I Use them at work in a lab . They have good arch support which I need in a shoe . I usually get about 12-14 months wear out of the shoe . This makes my third pair I have bought in the last 3.5 yrs . Would recommend this shoe to anybody that needs a good walking shoe that will stand up to the elements .
 I 've gotten compliments on the color and style of these shoes . I plan on buying a 2nd pair . I ordered a Size 9 but a 9.5 would be better . I suggest ordering shoe sizes up 1/2 size , based on my experiences.Also , very very comfortable all day/night . Very pleased . Order was received quickly .
 This is my first pair of shoes from Rockport . I wo n't hesitate to buy another pair from Rockport , when I need it .
 This is why some brick-and-mortar retailers are dying . A local store gave me the wrong size , had to bring it back , then they were out of the right size . Walking out to the car , I fired up the iPhone app and pushed a button and then the right size ones appeared at my door two days later , thanks to Amazon.com .
 I ordered these for my husband to replace a pair of the same shoes . He says they are comfortable , have good support and walk well . They seem to be true to size . He hopes to get at much wear from this pair as the last ones . These look good with jeans or casual pants , could probably pull off with a suit as well . They seem to be good quality , I guess time will tell though .
 My husband has worn these several times and says they are comfortable . But !! I was surprised to find they were made in Vietnam , why ca n't anything be made in the US ? they were not cheap .
 Not as comfortable as previous models of walking shoes by Rockport but overall still very good compared to other brands .
 These shoes fit the bill for causal dress with a touch of class and sizing was accurate .
 I like this product i have use this item and othersfrom this brand since more than 10 years ago .
 These are very comfortable it is very hard to find size 13 wide and extra wide in a store.Amazon was quick and easy will use more often this was my first time to use this site thanks !
 GREAT SHOES . They look good and feel good . I walk a lot and have sore feet , but these shoes keep my feet relatively comfortable . My next pair will definitely be Rockport .
 My husband has worn these style shoes for sometime and these Rockports did not let us down . Excellent product as always .
 First time buying shoes online , very pleased with fit and comfort . Took the advice of eariler reviews , and selected 9.5 instead of usual size 10 . Had experienced arch pain with other shoes , have been pain free since switching to Rockport .
 Most comfortable , longest lasting shoes I have ever owned . Very good value . I do n't wear anything else .
 Comfortable walking shoes - I am very happy with the entire transaction and would recommend Rockport to my friends and my relatives .
 This is a great shoe as are all Rockport walking shoes.gfm
 I received the shoes promptly . They were exactly what I expected . I had already owned this model and can say that I am as pleased with the new shoes as I was with the old . Thanks
 This is still a good walking shoe , quite comfortable for city walking . The deep brown color accommodates either brown or blue pants .
 I have been wearing this make & style of shoe for approx 10 years . I need to wear orthotics , and the shoes have a better depth of heel for ankle support , even after the orthotics are fitted . The order value was good and service excellent .
 Great for walking . I would recommend to anyone that walks a lot . The fit is true to size . I wear mine everyday when I take me walks . Thanks for a great shoe
 Though nobody would mistake the World Tour for a dress shoe , the Brown version looks a little cheap in my opinion , so I purchased the shoes in Black and Cocolate Nubuck which look better . For for brown I went with the Clark 's Portland , which appears more upscale . The Rockport 's are lighter and slightly more comfortable thanks to the softer leather and cushier sole , despite the super-cheap and thin removable insole ; the Clark 's have a much better insole but a harder sole . Either shoe provides all-day walking comfort.Beware - some iterations of the World Tour are uncomfortable around the top sides of the ankle , while other samples of the same shoe are perfect . Maybe the shoe is manufactured in two different locations with varying tolerances.If you favour class go with the Clark 's ; if you want comfort above all go with the Rockports -LRB- but try before you buy to ensure you do n't get ones that inflict ankle discomfort -RRB- .
 These are the perfect shoes for me they make 1/2 sizes in large widths . They usually last me a year when I wear them constantly . The main issue is trying to find them when I need to buy a new pair . No one sells them except on line .
 Great fitting shoes with a lot of comfort built in . They look good with jeans , khakis , and any other slacks . Wore them all day yesterday for the first time and were comfortable all day long . Good solid walking shoe .
 I looked at many shoes that had the traditional office type look but I needed them to be something I could stand in all day and even do a lot of walking on hard surfaces . I purchased a pair of Rockport walking shoes in 2002 and after having ground through that 1,000 steps Dakota Trail in the Dandenong ranges I was convinced Rockport are the king . I read all the reviews from people who also stand a lot and have problematic feet and was convinced these were right . Good decision . I wore them for two days and sometimes I dont know I am wearing them . So light and good heel and sole grip . I like the style as they can be worn for two purposes , walking and going out in the evening . I will be taking them overseas to France and the Chzek Republic next year and their light weight and dual purpose will save on excess baggage costs . Nothing like having comfortable well designed shoes when stamping around the concrete of Paris or the countryside paths of the Aquitane . Thanks to all the good folk who contributed to my decision to buy them.July 2012 - Well I 'm back from France now and I cant believe how good these shoes were . We walked all over Lourdes , Biarritz and Paris sometimes for 5/6 hours per day . My feet never felt sore or tired and I did not have to wear my orthotic insoles at any time -LRB- in fact I left them home on the basis of the reviews I read prior to purchase . Waterproofing never failed for those days when it did rain . I would recommend wearing thicker socks than normal though because the thin cotton or polyester socks then to chaffe on your skin . That was not a problem for me as I did a trial wear prior to travelling and got it right for the trip to Europe.I now wear these rockports to work all the time . Best shoes I have ever purchased .
 Hmmmm ! where do i start , back in 1989I was in a bad car accident , which messed up my ankle Ipurchased this shoe and it worked perfectlybecause i knew that my foot would never get better , and concernedthat the `` shoe '' might be discontinued , I purchased 10 pairs !! after 22 years I was down to my last pair -LRB- i am rough on shoes.expecting to pay 99.00 per pair I was delighted to only pay about60 here on amazon.Jim from pa THIS IS A GREAT SHOE !!!
 Always liked Rockports - Very light , comfortable , great to walk in , nice style . The Rockport World Tour was no different . The only problem is that the top left eyelets on both shoes had metal that snagged and shredded the shoe laces as you snugged them up to tie the shoes . Used a round file to attempt to smooth out the eyelets . Helped somewhat . Looks like I 'll be purchasing replacement laces for a long time since Rockports generally wear well .
 Comfortable and smart enough for west coast business meetings . You have to keep them out of the rain though as the suede finish does n't like water at all .
 I am on my second pair . I usually wear these 3 or 4 times a week and they lasted for over 3 years . I think shoes last longer if we give them a `` rest '' . I use a spenco athletic insert for additional support . They are great for travel . They ventilate well , I do n't have the nasty overheated/wet feeling I get with some shoes . overall-good buy , durable , good quality . I can afford buying more costly shoes why not get good value ?
 These shoes were of good quality and the Amazon service was good . I normally wear a medium width shoe and this shoe in a Medium was too tight.A Wide would have probably worked OK .
 True to size ; no break-in required ; comfortable right out the box . Own numerous Rockports in various styles - never disappointed .
 I have a narrow low volume foot and these fit the bill.The size 13n is a true narrow.I wear orthotics and remove the insole first then replace it over my orthotic.I found them to be very comfortable and durable.I now own the black , chocolate nubuck , and recently received the sand nubuck.Amazon offered the lowest price found and even Emailed me with this offer with free shipping!Will be back thanks Amazon !
 I wear Rockports anytime Wingtips are too formal , and sneakers wo n't do . They are comfortable , long lasting , and stay cool even on hot city sidewalks . On the back , there is a little plastic tag which my 10-year old thought should light up , but other than that I have never experienced any complaints !
 this is a great shoe - comfortable and surdy . Good support and oerfect for a walking tour . Amazon 's price was incredible .
 Shoes require some break-in , but are comfortable and have plenty of room inside for additional orthodic supports if needed . Non slip soles are great in bad weather . The only downside is they look like shoes for the elderly .
 they are comfortable and reliable as i do a lot of walking each and every day . rockport continues to make a good product .
 I do n't buy cheap shoes , because I am a walker and I demand comfort right out of the box . That is why I swear by Rockports . I have a more narrow foot , and many casual shoes in medium width , Clarks , others , are just not quite right in fit . Rockports at width medium just fit me perfect . The World Tour Classic has a great look . Some of the Rockport walker styles look like &#34; old man shoes &#34; however , are comfortable .
 My husband walked all over Paris , London , & Edinburgh 12 or so years ago . He loved them ! Extremely comfortable ! Wore them completely out . After much searching we found another pair . The love affair continues !
 I bought these shoes because my feet hurt from wearing tennis shoes on my treadmill . I owned some Rockport shoes for everyday use but I had always thought tennis shoes were best for workouts . Not so . The firmer sole on the Rockport shoes is much more comfortable for my feet and my experience with other Rockport shoes is that they last a very long time .
 The price is reasonable and more comfortable to wear . However the actual size is just a little smaller than specified . But it does n`t matter.Spend a little time to adjust to this pair of shoesThe color is better than it showes on the screen.I like the shoes
 I work with a lot of computers in large labs where I have to bend over , walk about from here to there and occasionally , I walk to the restaurants close by . These shoes are the most comfortable shoes that I 've ever owned . They do last a long time too . These are my second pair and I 've had the second pair for about 5 years . I do n't wear them every day , but when I do , I do feel the comfort when wearing them all day . Let 's face it , the last thing you want to do is to change shoes while at work . That 's a pain . Anyway , I 've got my eye on another pair just like them and plan on ordering again .
 I have narrow feet . Finding a shoe made in narrow width -LRB- B or N -RRB- is very difficult . These ones are consistently comfortable for me . The heel of the shoe is narrow enough with good padding such that it hold my heel well . The laces can be tightened enough to hold my extremely narrow foot . Great arch support . Shoe breaths well . Reasonably pricedThe chocolate Nubuck is a great look for a casual shoe.I also own the sand Nubuck - the light colour means most people assume it is a sneaker unless they look closely.I also own both the black and brown tumbled version of this shoe . Good enough looking to use as a dress shoe . A bit clunky looking from a dress fashion point of view . Definitely not the most elegant or sexy men 's fashion shoe . But that is true of almost every comfortable shoe I have ever found in a narrow width for a reasonable price . Heck - us people with weird shaped feet need to take what we can get.All in all I give it an excellent review for a shoe made in narrow widths at a reasonable price . Which should be fairly obvious from the fact I have purchased this style from Rockport for more than 20 years and have it in all the styles still available.Amazon 's price is equal or better than any I have found for this shoe on the Internet . Given Amazon 's generally less expensive shipping , great range of stock , cost and good customer service , I consider this the place to go for this shoe .
 I bought 3 pair for the 3 men in my life . After reading the reviews , I decided to treat my fellas that work 10 hour days on their feet . Each have reported back to me that my purchase was well worth it . The shoes are so very comfortable and do n't look half bad . 2 of my guys have heel troubles but these shoes keep their heels firmly in place and pain free .
 These shoes have been a staple in our house for years . They have the comfort & fit of a sneaker but are much ` dressier ' . With daily wear these shoes last for months and months .
 The word `` comfort '' is a fuzzy term . It depends on personal opinions . Before I purchased these shoes , I imagined that the shoes ' comfort level would be the same as running sneakers ' . This is not the case . The Rockport World Tour shoes ' comfort level is comparable to those of quality working steel toes -LRB- but without the steel , of course -RRB- . So , if you would like to have running sneakers ' comfort , you should try the sneaker-style walking shoes instead.The inner sole is rigid with a little bit arch support . It slightly bends when walking . This `` walking platform '' is excellent for walking and standing . I feel very stable in them and feel relieved from my lower back problem which was caused by long standing in unstable shoes . The tumble brown leather is very nice ; not too soft and not too stiff . I do n't need a break in period for the shoes as a whole . However , the collar , which is the top part of the shoes around the angle , bites during the first few days . This is my first Rockport so I do not know the quality and comfort level of the previous years version of this model . The only issue that I have with the shoes is the collar . It is too rough and rubs against my inner angle . This is why I give the shoes four stars .
 I purchased these shoes for my husband . Perfect fit . He has worn them to work and has found them very comfortable . He has a wide foot and xw worked for him . I would recommend these shoes .
 The company did a good job in returning the proper size shoes.I wish I did n't have to pay for the return shipment .
 These are the best shoes i have ever had , Light on my foot and very comfort.Rockport Men 's World Tour Classic Walking Shoe
 Needed a direct replacement for eXtra Wide Rockports I bought a couple of years back when visiting my sister in Canada . Rockport XW fitting is n't available in UK so I bought thro Amazon.com . The price was good and they were delivered inside time limits so very satisfied with the purchase . I 've always had a problem finding wide shoes and Rockport World Tour are they the most comfortable I 've ever had so I pretty much live in them . Usually walk at least 2 miles a day and sometimes up to 8 or so .
 My husband has an injury to his heel that requires him to wear shoes with excellent support . These shoes fit the bill ... and Amazon had the best price ! These shoes usually run from $ 99 to $ 119 , and they have to be replaced -LRB- in this case -RRB- every three to four months . So I have to find the best price I can . They will last alot longer for the average person ... fit is great , style , materials too .
 This is a great shoe . I 'm on my second pair -- one for work , one for dress occasions . It ca n't be beat for walking comfort .
 Love them . Very comfortable , light and can walk forever . Just wish Rockport can figure out the shoe-lace thing !! I 've never had a pair where the laces stayed tight and do not come undone . Still love them .
 The shoes were delivered to Australia in 14 days.After initial fitting I was 60 % happy with product as there was less sole and innersole cushioning than I expected , as I work on a concrete floor all day.After wearing for a week , the shoes have moulded to my feet like a glove . The lack of cushioning is becoming less of an issue the longer I wear them . I have worn them now for 2 weeks and am now 90 % happy . I will purchase again .
 This is my third pair of Rockports . The firm rubber sole and dress leather uppers make it perfect for office commutes .
 I have been wearing rockports for at least 15 years now and have not been able to fault them . Comfortable from the first time you wear them and long lasting . This style here I use them for my job and I am on my feet most of my shift , any other brand or style of shoe and I would be looking for the nearest chair to get of my feet . Worth every cent in my opinion and will continue to buy Rockports as long as they keep up the quality .
 Rated four stars because the black is ugly . Rockport use to offer an off white shoe that was nice looking and went with everthing . Still buy because the shoe fits well and is comfortable .
 There are jobs out there -LRB- like mine -RRB- that have a dress code that prevents me from wearing athletic shoes , yet all but require them as they require an employee to be on their feet all day long.As a retail manager who walks ALL DAY long on hard tile floors , these are a real blessing . They are comfortable all day , and look good enough to please even a picky dress code . These shoes are the perfect in-between an athletic shoe , and a dress shoe.These took a just a couple days to really be broken in -LRB- though they were comfortable from the first wear -RRB- and have held their shape.After a month of wear , they still look and feel perfect , so I have a good feeling that they will hold up long term.Edit
 What I 've been looking for . I have wide feet and these Rockports are one of the few shoes I have been able to get that can easily fit the width of my feet . They are also extremely comfortable .
 I have to wear in-shoe plastic braces on my lower legs so always trying to find a confortable & good looking shoe that will also accomodate the braces - the Rockport does the trick in one larger size & the shoes are both comfy & sharp lookin .
 Just as I suspected . I have had a pair of these shoes for 5 years now and needed to replace them . They are excellent . Good fit and good wear . Retired old shoes to work around house in . They are still not worn out .
 Back in 2001 , I bought my first pair of these as kind of an `` image makeover '' for myself early in college . Apparently these shoes have been in production since the late 60 's / early 70 's ! -LRB- or at least , that 's what I 've been told -RRB- I 'm now purchasing my 5th pair of these shoes as they are unbelievably comfortable and last forever . I work as a manager in retail and am on my feet for an average of 8 to 10 hours a day at least 5 days a week , and then these shoes are so great , I usually wear them even on my days off.The thing that I like best about them is that you can wear them in almost any situation from business casual to semi-formal , so flexible , interchangeable and useful in so many situations . Plus , they 've got a tread on them that 's great for any conditions , including the winter which can get pretty nasty in the part of Michigan I live . Furthermore , since these shoes have been in production for a long time , if you like these shoes , you can just get another pair when your current ones wear out , which is very important for me since it can be very difficult to find shoes that combine comfort , longevity , style and traction .
 The shoe was exactly what was ordered but I ordered the wrong size and there was no problem exchanging the pair of shoes for the size wanted . The company was easy to reach by phone and sent the new size right away . I want to emphasize how good the company was -LRB- sorry I can not remember the company name -RRB- . Michael and Judith Deery
 I bought these to replace my 15 year old pair of prowalkers . The new pair are just as good as the old ones , feel good from the getgo and look sharp . An excellent value .
 Wear it every day -LRB- all day walking -RRB- for the past month , no need to `` break-in '' . Top-notch comfort . Will get another one as backup . I got mine from local Macy when it 's on sale . Best casual shoe , period .
 Best walking shoes I have ever owned . Spend a lot of time on my feet and they fit nicely . Totally satisfied . Will be buying another pair soon .
 Great shoes . Great price . No `` breaking in '' required.These were purchased as a gift as a replacement for a pair purchased 5 years ago and worn almost everyday.The black tumbled color also does not need polishing on a regular basis . Overall a wonderful shoe .
 Having discovered Rockport walking shoes about 15 years ago , I have always gone back to ordering them again , now for the third time . These are very comfortable for the 13 extra wide size that I need and are very durable . The trick is to shop around and be patient in order to grab a deal on these but for the money , these are worth every cent . They are casual for work and very comfortable for the 2 miles or more walks I used to take during lunch . They are very hard to part with once the time comes to get a new pair , so be prepared .
 For 30 years I have been wearing Techni Stride sold by Cabela 's and I decided to try the Rockport shoes . They are a much better shoe.The shoes need no break in - comfortable from the first time you put them on , and are light shoes , which makes them great for walking and everyday use . I even wear them to work-out when I walk the tread mill . Put them on and they feel like you have worn them for many times - no inserts that have to conform to your feet . Water proof -LRB- resistant -RRB- . I give them Five Stars.I highly recommend these shoes and even though some reviews did not like the fact that they are made in Vietnam , I had no probem with these shoes.I have a problem with the outside soles of my shoes wearing out because my feet lean to the outside . The soles on these shoes ae so durable , but comfortable , that they out last the other brand that I have worn for all this time.I ordered another pair , my second , because they are such a comfortable shoe.Try them and you will like them .
 These Rockports have a straight last , which I personally much prefer over a curved last because of the type of arch support I find to be the most comfortable when wearing a pair of shoes for a long stretch -LRB- like when going to the Fair and walking all day -RRB- . They tend toward sizing a tad small , so if you 're in between , go for a 1/2 size up , and being able to get an 11-N is a luxury for me . I broke them in -LRB- yes , they 're not wear-ready right of the box -RRB- by wearing them around the house for a few days . Since they 've softened up , they have been my choice of foot wear over my old white tennies and my NB walking shoes . I have other Rocs and my feet love 'em . I 'm not worried about the nice clean look -- they 'll get spills and dirt with time . I could use any of several products to keep them pristine looking -LRB- Scotchguard is good -RRB- , but I 'd rather they aged naturally . Great shoes . Great price at Amazon -LRB- I put them on my Wish List and then just waited for the price to plummet -RRB- .
 Rockport 's World Tour Classic Walking Shoe is a great , comfortable , every-day shoe . I 've owned over 15 pairs in the last decade and will continue to purchase them for work and casual attire . I just wish the matching shoe-strings would last a little longer . On some colors , replacement shoe-strings are hard to find .
 I only wear Rockport -LRB- I 'm a little hard to fit - 13EEE -RRB- , and this is one of the best shoes they sell . The black leather ones are great both for walking and as business shoes . That means I do n't have to pack a 2nd pair of shoes .
 Great shoes ! I ca n't find my feet size in the local Mall everywhere but I can find them here at Amazon . Great price too . Will buy again .
 I have been wearing this particular style of Rockport shoes for years and years . Comfort , quality and durability is why Rockport shoes are second to none .
 Consumer Reports lead me to these fine shoes several years ago . I 've never regretted it . I buy a new pair every year . Yea ! Rockport WT Classic Walking Shoes .
 I will defenitly purchase from this vendor again , item was delivered on a timely manner . It met all of my expectation .
 My husband loves this shoe . We have bought them over the last 20 years . He is 82 and find this shoe extremely comfortable .
 Hi again I have written elswere about these great shoes . if you have not tried Rockport Shoes do n't wasteyour time buying anything else . I just love these shoes delivery was great and my feet are very happeyRockport are the Greatest.Barrie Le Brocq.Bris-Aus
 The Rockport Men 's World Tour Classic Walking Shoes are GREAT . They are comfortable for walking and they look good for dress casual . Also , the shoes are well made and durable . It 's hard to find classic good quality shoes . I was happy to find them on Amazon . The price was lower and the selection was better on Amazon than on the other online shoe stores that I visited .
 The rockport shoes that i purchased are the most comfortable shoes i have had . I will definitely make future purchases in the future . Totally satisfied with the product .
 These shoes are very comfortable . The fit right out of the box is perfect . The shoes last me for many years . I have the black , brown and saddle colors . I have been very happy with these shoes .
 After seeing these advertised under a famous online catalog for $ 100 , and being impressed by the generally favorable reviews , I told my wife about this great deal -LRB- $ 75 at time of order ! -RRB- and we got a pair of dark browns in my normal size 10.5 as an early Christmas present for me.After a week of wear , I can tell you that I 'm really happy with these shoes . They fit perfectly out of the box , and are comfortable and supportive . Others have waxed practically ecstatic about the lightness of the shoes and feeling like they are `` walking on a cloud '' . I do n't know much about that . -LRB- What were you wearing before ? Iron-soled boots ? -RRB- But they * are * pretty light.Early reviews talked about how cushy the insoles felt . I would not say these are cushy at all . I think Rockport has changed the design in this respect , so that the insoles are removable for those who want to replace them with orthotics . I find them firm , but supportive and not hard.They look great . I compared them with online pics of Clark 's Portland and found the latter lacking . Others think just the opposite . My wife loves them on me -LRB- and this is a hot girl with a sense of style , who works in boutique fashions ! -RRB- I 'm a 40-something IT professional , and these work great in an office neat/casual environment , whether with jeans or slacks.The construction and stitching seem solid -LRB- and I will be back to update this review if they fall apart prematurely ! -RRB- . In sum , if you are looking for dress/casual walking shoes , these are definitely worth a try !
 Beautiful shoes and cost over 3 times the price in Australia where I have purchased before so still a good buy even with air freight from Amazon . However most shoes in Australia come only in one width and not too many in half sizes and so shoes purchased in the US with their large range of sizes and widths can be confusing . Most shoes here also have US , UK and metric sizes on the label and my size 9 Aus shoes are nearly always shown as 10 US -LRB- however some websites say 9 AUS is equivalent to 9.5 US -RRB- . These Rockport shoes are only sold as `` W '' in Australia which most retailers say is equivalent to 3E -LRB- most manufacturers here have only standard width or in rare cases 3E -RRB- whereas in the US 3E = XW and there are many many other widths.Unfortunately what I thought was the Australia equivalent of my size 9 wide , i.e size 10 US / 3E turned out to be too big and too wide . Am now trying US size 9.5 and width 2E but considering I can buy 3 pairs of these Rockports from Amazon delivered by airfreight for the same price as one pair in Australia where no one discounts them , it is still cheaper for me to try . So make sure you order the correct size AND width!Perhaps Rockport -LRB- as with many other suppliers and items -RRB- can explain why the RRP in the US is $ 99 US per pair -LRB- price on average on Amazon $ 67 US -RRB- whereas here in Australia the RRP is $ 220 AU -LRB- about $ 216 US at current exchange rate , or $ 275 US at the exchange rate of a few months ago -RRB- and there is no discounting and yet they are all made in Vietnam or China wherever you buy them .
 Over the past several years I have managed projects in the Middle East . The Rockport World Tour has been a constant companion . It is comfortable and is sand colored which was the reason I purchased my first pair . Since then I have purchased two additional pair based on their comfort and wearability . If you do a lot of walking especially in rough terrain , these are a great addition to your wardrobe ...
 The first pair was worn through snow , sidewalk , hiking in Ghana , everywhere . I only had to let them go because I was in a car crash and got glass inside the shoe . -LRB- I have no idea how that happened ... -RRB- The second pair ... five years or so ... everywhere , sidewalks , snow , mud , hiking in a Moroccan desert , everywhere , until the sole wore out . So comfortable and so indestructible . Then the third pair -- again , everywhere , snow , ice , Zambia , sidewalks , went mountain hiking -LRB- very rocky/rough on shoes -RRB- three times , then river rafting . Even hiked -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- in three feet of water for several hours in these LEATHER shoes . They dried out , polished right up . The sole is wearing out -LRB- I 'm hard on heels -RRB- , but I 'll keep them around . Time for another pair that wo n't look as scruffy . Not yet sure if it 's worth the extra $ $ to get the elite upgrade.These things are `` bulletproof '' . If every army in the world made uniforms out of these things , nobody would ever get killed in a war again ...
 I just threw out my first pair of Rockport World Tour , purchased in 1996 . They marched around Europe twice , Asia , NZ and Australia , and did a couple of years duty at work.Great fit , and comfortable for all day walking around Rome or Paris.I liked them so much that I 've just bought another pair for my next trip .
 i received my order ahead of schedule and the Rockport walking shoe is well-constructed and comfortable . It cost a bit more than I would have preferred , but I think it is still a good value . I recommend it to anyone desiring a good walking shoe .
 I needed a comfortable shoe that I could wear at work -LRB- no tennis shoe policy -RRB- , and this shoe is well built . The best thing about it is that it is very lightweight . Heavy shoes make you tired . I also walk quite a bit and these can go the miles in comfort . My new favorite shoe .
 Shoes arrived on schedule , tracking info supplied was prompt and accurate . Shoes were packages so the shoes were not damaged and were exactly as advertize in color , size and condition . Service from Amazon and its ' affiliates is always correct and prompt , exactly as advertise , which is why I continue to buy from them .
 I bought these after reviewing several items on line , and then trying a few at local shops , but got the best deal at Amazon . These shoes are very comfortable , and they also look good in dark jeans , or with cotton casual khaki style pants , and a sport jacket . They are the perfect shoe for international travel , when you can only fit one or two extra pair in your luggage . These are light enough , for the travel and very comfortable to walk for all day excursions . They look good and fit well . I wear a wide width shoe and these shoes really work well in the wide width in the toe box and arch but not too sloppy in the heel . I choose the Black Tumbled style to work in casual , and business casual type settings , and they do work . I have had them now for a few months and I am very pleased . Together with a pair of deck shoes , and light formal dress shoes , I had all I needed for 3 weeks in Europe and a cruise .
 This is the third or fourth pair of these I have owned . They are very soft , comfortable , and lightweight . Might feet are very sensitive to new footware , but I can wear these all day right out of the box.I do n't have any scientific proof for this , but it seems in my memory that they do n't last as long as some other sneakers . Also , they get smooth on the bottom after awhile . This can make them slippery on wet marble , steel grates or other slippery surfaces.The shoes are great for a business-casual office . -LRB- I also have a pair of Rockport dress shoes , which are equally lightweight and comfortable . -RRB- I recommend these shoes highly , although you may have to replace them a little more frequently than some other brands . That 's a small price to pay for these nice-looking and very comfortable shoes .
 I walk from the bus to the office each morning about 4 city blocks and 2.5 miles at lunch each day . I wanted a shoe that would be comfortable enough that I would not have to change into my ASICS Gels at lunch . These are that . Got mine for $ 65 including shipping . Only complaint is having to double knot them to keep them tied .
 I walk about 3 miles every morning on pavement and I keep coming back to the Rockport ProWalkers after trying a number of others . They have good support and cushioning and look good besides . Because I have flat feet , I get high-quality insoles to go with them but what comes with them will probably suit most people . The soles wear out before the uppers do but they are still more durable than most other brands I have tried . I can wear out a pair of expensive athletic shoes in a two months !
 Most comfortable and best quality shoe in all my 55 years . Well worth the price . Have since purchased a second pair .
 I love these shoes comfortable fits good and durable . I spend three months trying to find the rockport in womens sizes . I finally broke down and ordered the men 's shoe . THese shoes are great for work with alot of walking and they look great too . I just wish they had them in women 's sizes
 I love they way they fit and feel . Rockport makes a great quilty shoe.I would buy these shoes again . Thanks Rockport .
 I have been wearing this shoe or its predecessor for more than 12 years . The construction is excellent and they are the best fitting shoes I have worn since I was 10 years old . I have extremely narrow feet and these shoes are one of the few that are available in my size . They are very reasonably priced and the laces last for years .
 These shoes are ready to go out of the box . Supportive . No breaking in . No blisters . Just good walking . First day at the Texas State Fair and no tired feet for me .
 Very nice shoe , feel comfort when walking . My job requres to walk up and down most of the time . I 'll buy more in the future and will recommand to my friends
 I love these shoes , this is my second pair . They are comfortable and hold up as well as any other walking shoe I 've had .
 I bought these walking shoes for a two-week trip my wife and I took to Italy . They served me very well . I have narrow , flat feet and these were one of the few shoes I have ever bought available in a truly narrow width . They also provided adequate arch support . Tromping around Italy , they were more comfortable than my running shoes and I felt less fatigued at the end of the day than with any of the other shoes I took on the trip . While not the most attractive or fashionable shoes around , they were still passable in the most elegant restaurants we visited .
 I purchased the shoes for work . They would have to be the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned . The price was amazing compared to the same brand in stores in Australia.ThanksDavid
 Having owned Rockport shoes before , I knew my shoe size with that company . So I was fairly certain whatever I ordered in my same size would fit , and they did . But I was n't ready for how well they would fit . These are among the most comfortable shoes I 've ever had . In addition , my friends have asked where I got them , since they look so classy . For the price especially , I could n't be more pleased . Back in the '50s there was that advertisement for cigarettes that ran , `` I 'd walk a mile for a Camel . '' I could walk many miles in these shoes and hardly get tired . Very highly recommended .
 Excellent product , although the leather scuffs easily . Recommendation
 These world tour walking shoes provide great support . Most days I am on my feet for most of the eight hour work day , and my feet feel comfortable all day long . The stitching holds up well , and the soles of Rockport shoes often last two years . I have a black pair and a brown pair of these shoes . Clarks of England made comparable shoes several years ago , but at this time I have not found a better shoe than these Rockports anywhere .
 I ordered three pair of these shoes from Amazon . I have had Rockport shoes in the past and have always found them comfortable , durable and nice-looking . These shoes proved to be excellent on all 3 of those measures . I have been wearing the shoes for about 3 weeks and find them very kind to my feet . I have received several compliments on their appearance . An excellent value all around .
 I love Rockport shoes , and the price was great . I received the shoes on time , and exactly as ordered . Absolutely no complaints about this product .
 I ordered these because of the quality of the Rockport shoe . I have a wide foot with a sliding arch . This means that in a nike I can be anywhere from a 15-16 shoe . The Rockports provide a perfect fit for my foot which is a wide 14 . This is a very comfortable shoe and really gives the support that I have come to expect from a Rockport .
 Quick delivery , great price , just what I wanted and fit great , as usual . These are light & comfortable and better than most daily shoes .
 Shoes were received quicker than expected but packaging was less than desireable since one pair of the shoes were loose inside the outter packaging
 rockports mens walking shoe is a very comfotable shoe . it looks great with jeans . good quality and color .
 I have a pair of these and they are nice , but I like my pair of Flexi brand better . The Flexi shoes that I have are the most comfortable shoes that I have ever had . I bought them on a trip to Mexico and have also seen Flexi shoes online at -LSB- ... -RSB-
 My husband wears this alot and loves them still . They are holding up ever nicely .
 Not so comfortable with the pairs but I get used to it after wearing several days . Good quality and I like them.But I still miss my CLARKS . Because the sole is not soft enough for me , and the air flow control is not good at all . My shoes getting smell after just 3 days . I did n't get this problem when wearing any one of my CLARKS .
 Rockport is a costy brandfull stop.locally they are around $ 200 ! -LRB- if you are lucky to find them under $ 250 -RRB- so , for about a third of this amount it pay 's to bring them all the wayooops - I was comparing BEFORE - Amazon became cheapest ! although unable to Paypal in Amazon , and have extra charge by * Master Card -LRB- * they execute a punishment to their customers with a commission charge -RRB-
 I purchased this shoe for my husband as a gift and he loves them . He raves about how comfortable and durable they are .
 I have worn similar Rockports for years . Typically wear them for every day business casual work use . The last me about a year , are comfortable and provide good support . Highly recommend them .
 I 've purchased over a dozen pair of these shoes over the past decade . The fit very comfortably and are well constructed . I have always purchased the model MWT18 . Rockport offers several models called `` World Tour '' and they are not all alike . These have a nice pebble finish . I believe the inferior models others found were not the MWT18 . Many years ago , they came out with the World Tour 2000 , which was far inferior . At that time , Macy 's discontinued carrying the MWT18 . My only complaint about these shoes is that they perform poorly on wet surfaces . Their light-weight Vibram -LRB- tm -RRB- sole does n't grip to wet surfaces .
 I have worn Rockport walking shoes for years , but this is the first time I tried the World Tour Classic model . On the basis of other reviews I was concerned about the size -- some people think they 're too big , some say they run small . Well , in my experience the fit was perfect.This was important to me , because the other model I 've been wearing -LRB- Prowalker -RRB- is in fact now running smaller than it used to . Weird . Based on comments from other users here , evidently there is some real inconsistency in Rockport 's overall quality control since they moved production to Vietnam . So , maybe I just got lucky , who knows.I have the Nubuck version of the shoe , and I suspect the material is more pliable than on other shoes made of so-called `` tumbled leather . '' In any case , the shoes I received fit right out of the box . And , to my pleasant surprise , they still fit fine even after having custom orthotics inserted in place of the original footpad.Ironically , I had the shoes for a day or so before I read the tag that had come with them . The tag bears the `` American Podiatric Medial Association Seal of Acceptance '' which is described on the Amazon product page . I do n't know if that Seal means anything , but I will say that the shoes seem quite stable and give plenty of support.The construction of the upper could be better , where the laces and tongue join with the front of the shoe . There 's a very large , rough-edged piece of leather and stitching at that point , which could rub the top of a person 's foot , especially if they have a very high arch.It was strange and disconcerting to find that , because the rest of the shoe 's interior is quite smooth . I thought it would be an issue for me , but luckily it has not been , and I 've worn the shoes a couple of days with good results so far.The chocolate nubuck is a good-looking color and design for casual or dress-down wear . All things considered , I think it was a good choice at the special sale price Amazon offered when I got mine . But I do not think I 'd be nearly as happy if I 'd paid $ 80 or $ 90 or whatever the `` list '' price is . Try to catch a sale if you can .
 I 've been wearing this shoe for almost 20 years . Originally made domestically , then Portugal , then Brazil , and now Vietnam . The quality of the fit and the durability of the leather is still as good as ever . The only change I 've found is that the midsole is a bit thinner . This is noticeable if you climb a lot of stairs , like I do . Still , the best shoe if you 're on your feet all day and/or wear orthotics . Amen .
 The shoes are great for walking and hours of standing but the musty warehouse smell is something to get used to .
 Bought these shoes for a trip to Europe where I knew I would be doing a lot of walking proved to be very comfortable throughout the trip of which I walked many miles . Have now come home and find I am wearing them everday as they remain so comfortable .
 In this picture of the shoes it shows the tongue or pad 1 to 2 inches above the bed of the shoe . When we got the shoes the tongue was even with the bed of the shoe making it not fit properly . That was the reason for sending the shoe back to the sender .
 I love Rockport shoes , was very glad when I was able to get those , will buy more soon ! Very comfortable and nice looking too !
 Rockports are superb shoes . The Rockport World Tour Classic is an excellent walking shoe . They are light-weight , durable , and , most important , comfortable . From the first wearing of a properly fitting pair of Rockports , one can step out in confidence that the shoes will conform to the foot and will not rub or chafe .
 Rockport has slipped in its quality over the past few years so you really have to be carefull which ones you buy from them . I bought the world classic Elite walking shoe from a Dillards store and it had great fit and support . Within 2 weeks the seams started to come apart ! Took back and ordered the Rockport World Tour Classic from Amazon and they have held up great ! one difference between the classic and elite is that the World Tour classic shoes did not have that great of an arch support in them . This was ok , because I had Orthopedic inserts that fit perfectly . I am on concrete all day at a car dealership so need the best .
 These shoes are awesome ! I use them for work , where I 'm on my feet all day -LRB- 9 hrs -RRB- and walk from 3-6 miles in them everyday . My feet do n't hurt at all ... I used to have Planter Facitis and now since I have been using them I do n't have any problems ... These shoes are also very well built , for I get a good year out them and with the mileage I put on them that 's a big bang for the buck ... They also fit true too size ... Highly recommend
 I 've worn my chocolate NuBuck Rockport World Tour Classic Walking Shoes once or twice a week for over two years now and they still look just as good as when I purchased them . They also fit and feel just as great as they did brand new!I 'm not the easiest on my shoes , so these have gotten wet numerous times washing my cars , and in the rain , and they 've been soiled with mud a few times and even a small spot of some used motor oil . But , I do clean them and oil them as needed with some Red Wing boot oil . I keep the micro-fiber finish brushed clean as needed and to prevent any shiny places by using a stiff bristle scrub brush . I worked that oil spot out using plenty of water and saddle soap - which also helps get all the dirt out . I then place the shoes away from heat and sunlight to dry slowly . Never try to dry them quickly after they have been wet . I also wash the removable insoles once in a while with dish detergent - to keep them looking clean and smelling fresh.These shoes really require little care . I 've only given the outer leather a good saddle soap cleaning twice in two years , and I 've oiled them about three times when they 've started looking lighter than they did at purchase . The soles even look unworn and are holding up great . These are really light and comfortable shoes , but they are n't water repellent . If you need more water repellency , buy them in the polished versions . I 've liked mine well enough I even bought a polished brown pair for a more dressy look . Rest assured all the positive reviews of these Rockport Mens 's World Tour Classic Walking Shoes are not without good reason . These are great shoes for the price , and they feel just as good as my San Antonio Shoes -LRB- SAS -RRB- `` Time Out '' shoes at over twice the price of the Rockports . The Rockports may even be out lasting the SAS `` Time Out '' shoe soles - as my SAS shoes -LRB- purchased about the same time -RRB- are showing some slight sole wear.Note
 This is my third pair of Rockport World Tour Walking Shoes . I needed a comfortable black shoe that is professional looking enough for work . I can wear this shoe all day , walking a fair amount , and be as comfortable as if I was wearing a good pair of gym shoes . The shoe is water proof and does n't wear quickly .
 The shoes arrived before the expected date in excellent order . They are a perfect fit , very comfortable and a pleasure to walk in . They have a town and country look and can be worn casually or for more dressy occasions . They appear to be very well made with good quality leather and should wear well .
 These Rockports are really nice . They are durable good-looking shoes for everyday wear or only special occasions . I recommend them for anyone looking for a nice comfortable casual shoes .
 Service was exellent , my shoes are great I recommend this shoes to any one , the BEST SHOES for thoes who work 12 hour day
 I 've purchased this shoe in the past and therefore know my size and the attributes of the shoe . However purchasing through Amazon worked out really well and the price was very good
 I have purchased this model Rockport four times for my husband.They are the best shoes >> He says that they are the most comfortable shoe he has ever worn.It seems to help his foot neuropathy a great deal
 these are the best i buy them all the time great fit i wear a size 15 m very good long lasting
 Bought this for my father . It 's comfortable and fits well . He 's been a Rockport fan for many years because they make wide sizes and their material is good . He is a happy customer and so am I !
 I had problems with my right foot for months . I was diagnosed a problem with my heel . I 've tried some insoles but nothing has alleviated the pain or the problem I have with walking.Today I wore these shoes for the first time and I must say I am very pleased that I can walk much better and although the pain persists , I can take the step correctly!The quality and comfort you get with these shoes is amazing and highly recommended !! Highly recommend !
 - A gift for my son-in-law -- just what he needed . He 's hard on shoes . He tried other brands , they were not as weather resistant as Rockports .
 I used to wear leather oxford shoes to the office . I switched to these a few years back . The Rockport 's look a notch less dressy but are 10x more comfortable on the feet both at rest and when walking . The cost is also about a 1/3 of a typical business shoe . I take a mile walk at noon and figure these shoes help keep me in shape .
 According to husband &#34; best fitting shoes he ever have &#34; . Am glad &#34; Rockport &#34; brand still rocks . He owns mostly this brand . Very glad he likes it .
 the N width is almost impossible to find in stores , these guys have them & the shoes fit perfectly.I give this store & shoes an A + across the board . Great price , great size , long wearing & very comfortable .
 Bought 2 pairs to help my feet after a fall that fractured both heel bones . Lots of support for my poor feet .
 This shoe fits well and wears well . It is also comfortable because it has good support and a nubuck upper .
 quien lo compre deber&aacute; antes , definir el ancho requerido . a mi me resulto algo estrecho , al no considerar lo recomendado
 I estimate that I have purchased and worn at least a dozen pairs over the years . Absolutely the mot comfortable shoe I have ever worn !
 great service and was exactly what i expected and wanted best day to day wear on comfort on any surface or terrain
 Ordered these for my husband , they arrived in only two days , and he loves the look and feel of them . He usually puts some Dr Scholls liners in his shoes for more support , but says he does n't need them for these shoes because the support is so great . He is on his feet from 8-10 hrs a day most days . Will be ordering another in black very soon !
 These work so well that I now have three pairs and are my shoes of choice for any activity short of dress up functions . I am really pleased with these shoes .
 I recommend these shoes to everyone who needs to walk a lot . These shoes are very comfortable with a great price .
 The Men 's World Tour Classic Walking Shoes that I bought from Amazon looks exactly like the pair I bought JC Penney about 10 years ago . Same sole design and everything . I have wide feet so bought the size 8 , 3E and the shoes are the exact same size as my old pair . The size 3E does not `` look '' excessively wide so no need to buy narrow shoes and sacrifice comfort.This new pair feels very comfortable although I just walked around the house with them so far . I do n't see any reason why this new pair wo n't give me the same excellent service that my old pair gave me for the last 10 years . Would buy them again if I needed another pair .
 Bought these shoes for work and I have to say that they are the most comfortable shoes I have ever had . Excellent quality , they impressed me so much that I ordered another pair of the same shoes in a different colour .
 These are the only shoes my husband will wear . He says they are comfortable and they hold up well . When they get too scuffed up , he wears them for his everyday shoes and he buys another pair .
 One of the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn . Looks good , feels good and has nice arch support.Color selection is great
 These are work shoes . I 'm on my feet much of the day . These shoes are very light weight , durable and have great soles . As to style , they 're sensible shoes .
 I have been buying Rockport shoes for over 30 years and will continue to do so , as they are the most comfortable well fitting shoe on the market and they hold up for a long time . I would n't change a thing .
 I have repeatably bought these same brand and style shoes for work for over 10 years , feel like every pair was tailor made .
 This is my fourth pair of these Rockport walking shoes over a number of years . I wear them daily , and when one pair wears out , I buy another . They are comfortable , lightweight , durable , and look good enough for work -LRB- business casual -RRB- or play.Finding shoes to fit has always been a problem for me , and even these need a little `` help , '' but because the inner sole is easily removable , I can slip additional padding beneath them to make the fit right for me.Price at Amazon was good , and shipping was fast . I 'll buy these again , and will get them from Amazon .
 Same as you buy at the shoe store . If you know what you like and what fits , ordering online through Amazon saves bundles of time and is so easy . These shoes are comfortable and fit me perfectly , so five minutes on the computer and they were on the way .
 May just be the best looking walking shoe on the planet . Its designed for real walking - not just to look like it .
 Rarely do I buy a pair of shoes that fit perfectly.These do . Liked them so much I ordered 2 more pair.Everday use these fit me just right , only after a day or so break in.Your mileage may vary.Very satified customer .
 This is my 2nd pair of the exact same shoe . I bought the first because I wanted a light color for summer . They have been very satisfactory . I also have a dark brown and black of the same model . My foot is narrow and it is difficult to find narrow widths . I recommend this model for its comfort as well as durability .
 I was very pleased with the good price I was able to purchase these shoes for . They are very comfortable and are in fine shape , months after the purchase was made .
 After long searching of a most comfortable , casual , and universal pair of shoes , I 've convinced myself to forget for a moment my stereotypes about Ecco and I 've ordered this one . And I do not regret at all . Really . Just perfect . Size/width match - 100/100 . Comfort - 200/100 . Every millimeter of inside and outside is perfectly designed and made . Thank you , Rockport !
 For many years now I have been nursing a very bad back , I happened to see Rockport at the store and the sales people were raving about this shoe , The only problem was shop prices made it impossible and restrictive for myself till I checked out the product at amazon , Now it 's been a while since I purchased a pair and let me tell you it was the best purchase of my life , Thank you so much Rockport and thanks again amazon .
 These shoes are awesome . They are light as a feather and make my feet feel wonderful . I 've worn other shoes but these I can wear all day without making my feet get sore .
 I 've had a pair of these shoes in black , enjoyed them so much I bought a pair in brown , too . These are very comfortable walkers that I wear as my daily shoes m-f . They look nice , and are soooooooooo comfortable . I had problems with plantar fascitis last fall ... and these shoes , along with some other remedies , have caused the foot pain to abate . You ca n't go wrong with Rockport quality and comfort !
 I have a narrow foot , the `` narrow '' by Rockport is actually narrow versus the claim of some other manufacturers . I was told also that this model has been discontinued , so I suggest that those needing a pair for the future find one online that someone still has in stock . Sorry if I am misinformed on the discontinuance , but I hope I was .
 WOW , , , , where have I been ? Fast , easy , and correct fit , size , and feel . I should have been ordering online a long time ago if I new it was this easy . Amazon has it all . Fast delivery and money back if not satisfied . Looking forward to my next purchase . Best regards ; William leinthall
 I have used several different pairs of shoes to eliminate foot pain . As a diabetic , this shoe is extreamly light wieght and durable.There was absolutely no need breaking in . These were comfortable from the start .
 This shoes is the best shoes out of 6 pairs I got for walking as a mailman . I got it on time and the price was very reasonable compare to the uniform shoes that I order with my uniform allowance every year . Thanks Amazon for a great service .
 I 've owned Rockports in the past and liked them very much . Thisone did not disappoint me . Excellent shoe .
 These shoes are the most comfortable I 've ever had and they are really difficult to get in Australia not tomention expensive . So I am extremely happy with my purchase and will be buying another couple of pairs as they fit perfectly and were half the price I can get them for here .
 I got these boots as a birthday gift for my husband who sometimes experiences foot pain even in his sneakers . They did not disappoint and he likes them very much as they are comfortable and give a good arch support . They are casual enough to wear with jeans but look good enough for church too . They have taken him from Michigan to Florida a couple of times without trouble and a cinch to remove at the airport . A good buy and worth the few extra bucks .
 I love my Rockport walkers ! This purchase was to replace my old pairs -LRB- brown and black -RRB- that had lasted me for years . I walk 3.25 miles to work , five days a week -LRB- and have been walking to work for almost 20 years now ... what can I say , I love to walk -RRB- so a good pair of walking shoes make a lot of difference . These Rockports are the best walking shoes I have ever owned . -LRB- My last ones lasted for years . -RRB- They are tough and are n't affected by rain or bad weather . -LRB- I just brush them off when I get home and let them air out overnight . -RRB- They are light and comfortable and the fit is great . There is no `` breaking in '' period like with most shoes -LRB- no blisters , pinching or tight spots -RRB- , and they feel as comfortable as running shoes . The style for these pairs is more casual office , but that fits my office . They are a little higher in price than what I would have like to have paid ... but they are worth the price . I would recommend these to anyone who walks alot .
 Dear Sir : I find this Rockport Men 's World Tour Classic Walking shoe very comfortable . I would wear it to bed but I would have difficulty turning over with the bed sheet . I am happy I discovered this specific shoe from among the many you offer . I was dependent upon JC Penny for the Rockport selection of shoes . Unfortunately , I purchased a Rockport from JC Penney thinking you had eliminated the previous type Rockport shoe that I purchased some six months prior . I am happy I had the common sense to resort to Amazon to review the selection of your vast array of shoes . I am presently wearing the Rockport Men 's World Tour Shoe . I am off to Manhattan now from New Jersey . I look forward to my walk in my Rockport from the Port Authority Bus Terminal on West 41st Street to my residence on West 72th Street . I feel the bounce in my step thanks to Rockport.A Happy Purchaser
 Great shoes I will only wear Rockport because the last and they are the best comfort .
 I 've loved this model of shoe for a long time . Every time I wear them out , I replace them with the latest version . I can wear them for anything but the dressiest occasion , and they are very comfortable to walk in .
 I think this is the best pair of shoes I have bought in a long time . I recently bought a pair of so-called `` diabetic '' shoes from another maker . While they were OK , I had heard a lot about Rockports and decided to give them a try . WOW ! I thank you and my feet want to send you a Christmas card !! Thanks for a great shoe . I 'll definitely be buying more .
 I originally bought Rockport from an outlet to see if paying a bit more would get me a shoe I liked better than ` tennis ' shoes . I liked them and the two pair I bought through Amazon were my 3rd and 4th . I like them and the price was very right . My only problem is that I can not find replacement liners which seem to be the only part of them that wears out .
 I 'm 6 ' 4 '' 250 # and I need a 13 narrow . It 's hard to find shoes to fit me to begin with due to my narrow feet , and with my bulk only well made shoes last . I have been wearing Rockports for years , but I have just gotten by on the 13 wides you find at local retailers . I 'm extremely pleased to find these reasonably priced 13 narrows . They fit well , are comfortable , and show no signs of unusual wear . Let me add that my exercise routine is walking stairs at work . I typically walk from basement to top floor in a 26 floor building at least once each work day , and twice if I have time for a second break . I 'm not certain what to make of the reviews that indicate these shoes are poorly constructed . That is certainly not true of the pair I 've been wearing for months . Finally , I am impressed that the shoes arrived 2 days before they were supposed to get here !
 I 've suffered from sore feet except when I wear this shoe . Great company . . great shoe .
 This is my second pair -- I have both brown and black . They are most comfortable and I wear them to work . These are business casual and do not look like a `` running '' or `` walking '' shoe . I have X-Wide feet and it 's hard to find good fitting shoes . I have found Rockpor X-Wide to be consistent in their fit and comfort .
 I have not found a shoe that has this much comfort while looking so good . It is a great shoe for the business casual setting while still being one you can run to catch the train with . I am now on my fourth pair -LRB- over several years of wearing -RRB- and hope they never replace it .
 Nice pair of shoes and a good price . Rockport makes a comfortable product that is easy on the feet and , in this case , was easy on the pocketbook .
 My husband is tall and has relatively narrow and bony feet . He had tried many other shoes before finally settling on this one . These shoes fit comfortably and give sufficient support . They are practically the only dress shoes that he wears , which has made my life so easy when it comes to gift-shopping ! We would definitely recommend these shoes to others .
 I bought this shoe for my husband to replace a shoe he had for 15 years but we were not sure if it was the same or not as he had thrown the old pair out . We are not disappointed as it lives up to all that he was hoping for . Being the first pair of shoes we have purchased on line , we were a little unsure as to what the fit would be like and if the shoe would live up to the description . I can tell you that my husband 's foot went ` yeah !! ' when he tried it on and he is looking to purchase another pair . Delivery was on the date promised so what more could be asked ?
 I have owned three pair of these shoes and they are great ! No break-in time needed . They are comfortable the first time you put them on .
 I bought these shoes to replace a pair that I had worn out , and I am very pleased with them . I did not pay attention well to the `` m ' and `` N '' on the order site . I ordered the `` N '' which naturally means narrow , when I should have ordered the `` m '' for medium . But during a 3 week travel , they did stretch out and are comfortable , and work well with my inserts . I wish that the web site , through Amazon , had used the words instead of the letters . I wear inserts and really enjoy this shoe for walking . Also I think that they are dressy enough for wearing with a suit . I bought elastic shoe laces so that I can slip them on and off at the airports . They are a `` straight lapsed '' design .
 I have been wearing the Rockport Men 's World Tour Classic Walking shoe for years -- to work , around town , and on vacation . They are as comfortable as a shoe can be , look great in all situations , and last a long time . I have four pair and as long as Rockport keeps making them I will buy them . I 've tried other brands but they just do n't measure up to Rockport .
 Nice shoe that gives proper support and fits true to size . If they hold up well , I 'll be buying more in the future . Very comfortable , however , you may want to get rid of the cheap inner sole that comes with the shoe and replace it with something more sturdy and cushioned like a Spenco Polysorb Walker .
 I purchased these after wearing a similar style while on vacation about 18 months ago . Both pairs are very comfortable . They are n't what one would wear to `` dressy '' occasions , but the smooth finish on this pair makes it acceptable for most occasions .
 I 've owned the Rockport ProWalker World Tour Classic for over 10 years now . Of course not the same pair but several pair . These are by far the best shoe in the business . Always comfortable , sturdy , durable , strong , stylish , work/walking shoe . I have owned 4 different sets now and am online to purchase another set . Kudos go to Rockport more making this shoe ... It 's Awesome
 My husband had been looking for these and we found them and got a great deal !!
 They are perfect for work , since I walk a lot . They were shipped and received faster than I thought I would get them . Correct size , and they fit well .
 I 've purchased several pairs of these shoes over the years , as they are extremely comfortable and hold up very well .
 Have worn Rockports for years - the old Pro Walker - tried this new World Tour Classic - great shoe . Takes a while to get it to comform to the foot , but once that takes place - feels like a glove . Highly recommended .
 I have several pairs of this style shoe in different colors . I wear some to work and others on weekends . It 's the best shoe for my taste for quality and comfort . Since my size has n't changed , I have been ordering on line for years and look for price , between $ 70 and $ 80 , no tax and free shipping .
 Great shoe . I wore the tread out on my first set . Came back for another pair . Feels like I 'm wearing a pair of sneakers but with a little style .
 I walk a great deal , both for my job and for relaxation after work . These are the most comforable pair of Rockports I 've ever purchased . They look great ... and , better yet , your feet will love 'em !
 i tried so many sizes of this shoe and wanted them to fit very bad ! they are great feeling , roomy , comfortable . but i wear a size 13 usually . and their size 13 is too big , and the 12 's are too small ! amazing , and im not just being picky . huge difference between the two . if a 12.5 were made it may work.tried 12xw , 13m , 13w , 13xw . the 13w felt right for width , but i could put another set of toes in the front almost!had to return them all . wish i could find a pair that fit
 Best shoes I have ever worn . Very good for especially who do a lot of walking at work . Extremely durable . I used the last pair for over 5 yrs and the sole was sole as thick as it was on day 1 except for some wearing at the side .
 My mother loved this little purse . It is just the right size to carry your billfold , hair brush and flashlight for when we go to the movies and ca n't find a seat.Very stylish and unique , not a purse that can be found just anywhere .
 I purchased the shoes for comfortable walking . The are indeed comfortable . Two unexpected issues I encountered were the shoes are VERY warm which is great outdoors in cold weather but rather inconvenient indoors and they are far uglier in real life than I expected , I find myself wearing very long pants to keep them hidden .
 These shoes are extremely comfortable and accomodate my orthopedic inserts . I can also open and close the Velcro flaps with my grabber - necessary since my hip replacement .
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 Looking for a boot with tasteful proportions was difficult until I found these . They 're rugged yet stylish . The only downside is a lack of cushion .
 i got these boots last year and i ride in all temps my feet are always warm they are holding up great i am planing to buy more work america products
 I have been a purchaser of Cole Haan shoes for a long time . I 've always believed good footwear is very important if you 're on your feet all day . I have friends who buy cheap shoes and always complain how their feet hurt . I am extremely tough on footwear because of my size . I 'm 6 ' 5 '' , weigh 215 lbs and have a very high arch in my foot . I like all leather shoes because they will last a long time with proper care and they can be resoled . Cole Haan shoes are always true to size and this style can be worn with Dockers , dress slacks , a suit and jeans . I 'm giving them 4 stars only because they took much longer to break in than other Cole Haan shoes I 've owned . Once they loosened up , they are extremely comfortable and look good all the time .
 I 've worn Cole Haan shoes for probably the last 20 years and these pinch-tassel loafers are alway good quality at a very reasonable price . They are one of the few shoes that you can find in EEE sizes for wide feet and they wear very well . The leather uppers hold up well and the leather soles last a long while also , but I 'd suggest taking them to a shoe store after you buy them and having soles/heels put on them before the leather soles/heels wear down much . If you do they 'll wear a couple years longer . They 're comfortable , look good , and polish up great -- and at that price you ca n't beat them . I buy both the black and burgundy colors and can wear them with anything -- dress or casual .
 I have kind of wide feet , so I went with 3E , the regular size is pretty narrow . I love these shoes , they go with any color pants , and are great for the work environment .
 This is my third pair . I tend to wer loafers out pretty fast -LRB- Shoeswithin 6 months typically -RRB- but these last over two years . They are well made . I switched to these when Rockport stopped selling the style I liked . They were great too , but these last longer than Rockports . Price was great too . I am willing to pay for a good product , and these are good product .
 This cost me about $ 60 less than buying it at a local store . Good quality , good fit . I 'd buy it again .
 I finally broke down last week to replace the pair of Cole Haan pinch tassel shoes I 'd been wearing for the past 4 years . I had replaced the sole and heel already and was wearing through the current one . The uppers and tassels were still in good shape , so I was holding off as long as possible to milk every penny out of them . Slipped them on today and they 're -LRB- almost -RRB- as comfortable as my 4-year old pair . Great shoe at a great value .
 I have 3 pairs of these , one in each color . I LOVE THEM . Nice fit , very well made , durable and classic . With my unusual size -LRB- 13 3E -RRB- I am very happy they make such a good looking shoe that fits me . I highly recommend them !
 Love Cole Haan shoes and even better when they 're on sale . I purchased 2 pair and will again when Amazon has them for $ 99
 This is a classic loafer that looks good and lasts . It is durable and holds a shine . Taken care of they last for years .
 Great product . Comfortable and stylish . One of the few styles available in narrow widths . Fast service as well . I have the same shoe in black .
 Some products are a nice surprise - like this one . The shoes are nice , standard , white , going to the mall types but there 's a twist
 Some products are a nice surprise - like this one . The shoes are nice , standard , white , going to the mall types but there 's a twist
 I love these shoes . This is my third pair . Each time I order them , they fit great and provide excellent support .
 We have purchased this same shoe for our handicapped adult daughter for years . They have served her well . However , today while travelling to Florida in the rain she complained of a wet sock . We checked her shoe and the bottom had broken into a 3 inch crack . Very disappointing since they were fairly new .
 Have been purchasing Propet products for 2 years now - Love them . Sturdy , comfortable and long lasting . Only grief I have had is the stitches coming loose in the toe area . Very stable when walking . This particular style gets only 4 stars because the tongue seems to ride too high up on the top of the foot , rubbing a bit ; annoying but not to the point of discomfort.Will continue to use Propet as my official work shoe .
 They were what I was expecting . The shoes works well for my older grandma at 93 .
 I bought these for my 93 year old aunt who was being moved from a nursing home to assisted living . She has had problems with swelling in her feet and ankles and needs extra wide shoes . The velcro makes it easy for her to put them on and off , they give good support when she walks with her walker , and she says they feel good .
 I love these sneakers . I wear them walking every day and so far they have n't broken down . I do n't know if they will last a 1,000 miles or not though . If they will just last 6 months , I will be happy ! They are really comfortable and have good toe room but do order wide size if you need the extra width . I ordered some New Balance sneakers at same time I ordered these and they were double the price but I like these much better and the New Balance which were also ordered in wide was just a little too tight in toes . These feel good and you feel like you are just bouncing right along . I wish the straps were just a tad longer but I would n't change them for strings though . A really nice pair of shoes and I 'm getting ready to order another pair for spares !
 I wear a half-size smaller because these shoes come in wide sizes -LRB- i.e they fit -RRB- ! I 'm curious to see how long they will last as they are guaranteed for 1000 miles . Very attractive and comfortable , and reasonably priced . I recommend the quick-adjust velcro for anyone who walks before or after work , or at lunch , or who takes shoes on & off throughout the day .
 I bought these shoes for my mum . She has wide feet and has a hard time finding shoes that fit . This pair just made the grade .
 This particular style of Propet sneakers is great . I wear them all the time . They are light as a feather on your feet and the velcro tabs are great .
 I have flexible flat feet and tend to pronate . While this shoe is not as good as Brooks Addiction , it is lighter and moves more easily . I only wish I had known it was available in narrow width . I expect that would have made it an even better fit and more help with my pronation problem . It does accept my custom orthotics . I ordered a pair for my mother as well as myself and she loves hers . She has serious mobility problems but these shoes in her narrow width and size 10 make walking much more stable and safe for her . We will certainly order them again . They look good too !
 This is the second pair of this particular shoe I have bought . Roomy and comfortable , and easy on a painful back . Over the last couple of years , the shoes I have picked to buy have been Propet . I did n't try to buy Propet , but they have turned out that way .
 I love these shoes . This is the 5th pair i 've bought over the past 3 years . They are wonderful for hiking and very quick and easy to put on . I would highly reccomend them to everyone .
 My Grandma asked me to find a great deal on Propet shoes for her . She has used Propet for many years , mainly because of the ease of the velcro straps and the good support it offers to use with her leg brace . . -LRB- she had a stroke many years ago -RRB- . This is the only shoe my Grandma will purchase and the ones she has last quite some time ... they withstand her unsteady transfers and moving herself about in her wheelchair constantly . Would definitely recommend this shoe to people looking for those qualities .
 This is a quality lightweight shoe . I think you 'd have a hard time finding a shoe of this type , as well made , at any price range . Very comfortable , very stylish .
 If you suffer from plantar faciitis -- these are the shoe for you . Do n't wait until your foot hurts to badly that you can barely walk , like I did . I had to go slowly once I got the shoes to allow the foot to continue healing , but they are definitely part of the process . I like them so much that now I ppurchased a pair of snow boots from the same company because it is important to always now wear footwear that has some orthotic support , otherwise the progress you make is undermined by wearing improper shoes/boots .
 A comfortable and convenient to slip on and off pair of shoes . A little bit plain in design . ` Nuff said .
 Because of my left ankle , I must replace shoes once a year . So far these have proven to be the best at giving my ankles the added support that they need . They look so nice and are so comfortable compared to many others . It would be nice if this company made sandles that give that added ankle support .
 I wear 7.5 wide in New Balance . I ordered the 7.5 wide in these , but they are too big . When I wear out these shoes , I 'll buy the size 7 . For now , I guess I have to wear thick socks . Otherwise , they seem pretty comfy .
 This is a good , comfortable sturdy shoe . And it is true to size . I ordered mine a little too big , but since I wear orthodics and with a thick sock , it is OK . I bought it purposely for the winter , so I am glad it has solid groovy soles . It came on time in a box . No problems with shipping . I would recommend this shoe to a friend .
 I love these shoes because they have Velcro straps and are easy to take on and off . They come in wide sizes and are very comfortable
 The quality of this model is much better than their previous Propet Walker -LRB- which was very good -RRB- . My Aunt loves the shoe and its ease of wearing.Amazon 's delivery time was even better than promised.I do wish that a 6.5 C was available .
 This is my second pair of Propet women 's W3902 tour walker velcro sneaker purchased from Amazon . My feet feel so much better after wearing them and the velcro makes it easier than tying because of my hip situation . I would recommend these highly and the price and free shipping is great on your budget .
 These work perfectly for me , I wear 8.5 XW , have a wide foot with problems from wearing heels all my life.These are perfect for me to add a sock if I want , the velcro is good for me to adjust if my feet are puffy . Getting a pair for my mother at this price .
 THIS IS MY 4TH PURCHASE OF THIS SHOE STYLE . USUALLY THERE IS A NEW SHOE BREAK IN PERIOD BUT WITH THIS SHOE IT 'S COMFORTABLE FROM THE FIRST WEARING UP TO THE FINAL WEARING . I 'M SURE I 'VE PUT MORE THAN THE 1000 MILE GUARANTEE ON EACH OF THE PREVIOUS PAIRS BUT I LIKE THAT THERE IS A WARRANTY ON THE SHOES . AND THE PRICE IS GREAT TOO !
 The shoe itself is comfortable for my long walks and the velcro allows me to make quick adjustments that prevent me from making the shoe too tight .
 I love the shoes , I am a diabetic who has a job that requires a lot of standing and walking . The other reviewrs comments are true and I have to say I was quite surprise with the card that came with the shoes , a warranty ! Anyway they are comfortable even though it looks kind of stiff . Love the style and colors . Going to buy another pair but black . Looking for shoe would highly recommend this product .
 My mom has really wide arthritic feet . She has arthritis in her ankles , feet , knees , 1 hip , and lower spine . I ordered these shoes for her , after trying a large variety -LRB- about 10 other pairs -RRB- of shoes . None of the other styles we tried fit . She either could n't get her foot in , or , in the case of ankle boot styles , they would n't close around her ankles . These were a last resort because she does n't like the tennis shoe look -LRB- she 's 72 -RRB- . Nevertheless , these fit ! Hooray ! They are comfortable and stable . The velcro can be adjusted to different widths . Totally worth the money and true to size !
 I have owned Propet Walkers before . There is nothing like them for comfort and durability . I highly recomend these shows .
 As a nurse at a large and extremely busy hospital Australia , I am extremely happy with my Propet shoes . When I was ordering them I thought `` Well they are not that expensive I can throw them away -LRB- 1 -RRB- if they do n't fit , -LRB- 2 -RRB- if they are tooooooooooo uncomfortable '' . Imagine to my surprise they are both the best fit and most comfortable shoes to wear to work . I will be ordering more . Many thanks to Amazon and Propet shoes . I have also told all my friends about them at the hospital.JanAustrtalia
 I read all the reviews on Amazon 's website about these sneakers and I looked forward to receiving them . Based on the similar shoes I 've had for some time I ordered the same size I 've been wearing . However , these shoes are a little narrower across the toe and they squeezed a little , so back they went ! I would rather have been able to just exchange than to refund and reorder , but I guess Amazon has some reason for that policy . I 'll try again with a half size larger , I guess , although I have n't reordered yet .
 I have bought Propet shoes for years , this is the first of this style I have tried and I have found they are just as good as the others . Propet shoes are comfortable , give good support and last a long time . They are well worth the price .
 These are excellent shoes - I have purchased the Propet shoes before and they fit very well and are extremely comfortable .
 I got these shoe in black . Great fit and are very comfortable.Lady Darline
 I have owned many pairs of this shoe . I have flat feet and bunions and these shoes fit my feet well and are so comfortable . I wash them in my washer and and air dry with a shoe form inside them . They are great !!!
 I absolutely wore my other pair out . I have wide , high arch feet and hard to fit.These are great walking shoes
 This is my second pair of Propet Walkers . I love the velcro closures and the support that these walkers provide . I 've never washed them but like the idea if I ever needed to .
 The shoes were easy to find , were just what we needed , and even arrived a week earlier than had been promised !
 Purchased for a nursing home resident who had totally worn out an exact pair . Perfect ! The resident was delighted ! Thank you .
 These shoes are the best walking shoe . The quality is excellent and always the same . Highly recommend these shoes . An added bonus is the fact that these shoes are quite water proof .
 I rate these with 5 stars because they always fit comfortably from the first day ; I got my first pair of Propet Tour wallkers about 6 years ago and have mainly kept to this style ever since for active walking outdoors . For me , they 're the best !
 I chose Prepet years ago as my everyday shoe . I discarded high heels and snug flats for what my young daughter once called &#34; old lady shoes &#34; . Well , I had begun developing bunions . It is a genetic thing in my family . Guess what?Wearing Propets was just what the doctor ordered . My bunion problem is minor compared to my mother who had to have surgery to cure hers . Ca n't beat that ! I attribute foot health to Prepet styling . Yes
 After placing my order for these shoues , they arrived very soon.They 're comfortable -LRB- and ideal for me because I have diabetes ; the velcro allows you to adjust the tightness of the shoes -RRB- . Great traction on the bottom . Very nice looking . They appear to be well constructed and should last many years .
 I WAS NOT ABLE TO KEEP THE WALKING SHOE 'S , BECAUSE THEY SEEM TO BE RUNNING A BITNARROWER THAN MY OTHER BRAND OF WALKING SHOES . BUT I DO HIGHLY RECOMMEND THEM.I AM AT AN AGE THAT I PREFER VERY COMFORTABLE WIDTH , AND SUPPORT . LOVED THEVELCRO . KEEP UP THE GREAT PRODUCT , PROPET . SINCERE TRUTHFUL , DH
 Repeat purchase of this particular sneaker . Great support , true to size , and wears for a long time . Propet makes an excellent product and Amazon with the prime account ships it to you fast with no fuss .
 This is a wonderful shoe . I have always had trouble getting comfortable shoes but I really think these are great . The product description exactly matched what I received . The velcrose straps are perfect - I have had a lot of trouble in the past finding shoes with velcrose straps . I have undergone 3 spine surgeries and needed something comfortable that was easy to put on and do up . The shoes arrived in a timely manner and were clean and new . I have to do a lot of walking and have found these shoes to be the best I have experienced . I will definately purchase these again . Thanks for a great shoe !
 Love product . Quick service . Misled by color `` sport white . '' Assumed it was WHITE , turned out to be TANISH color . Had to keep as needed immediately . Otherwise , mostly happy .
 These shoes are wonderful walking shoes . True to size and needs very little break-in . High quality . Very comfortable . Only thing I do n't like is the tongue is a little `` high '' on by ankle , but I 'm getting used to that .
 The Propet Walkers with Velcro closure , are comfortable from the get-go . They do n't need breaking in.They give you stability with each step . The all white color is very clean - looking and the shoes are easy to clean . They come with a 6 month guarantee . You ca n't ask for much more from a shoe than this .
 Just got this shoe and it 's very comfortable , but it 's narrower than I expected . I got a medium , as usual , but it 's too tight -LRB- even without strapping them closed -RRB- so a wide would have been better . I 'm hoping it will stretch .
 I have very flat feet and have to put arch support in my shoes or else I 'm in a lot of pain . After much searching and trying different brands , these are all I wear now . Theywear very good and stay nice looking .
 These shoes a nice looking and feel good . I am diabetic and there is plenty of toes room . This also rest my legs which have been operated on because if bad circulation . I would recommend these shoes to anyone who has or does n't have leg and foot problems .
 The sneakers were very comfortable as soon as I put them on . I immediately went for a walk and they felt great . The velcro straps probably could be an eighth of an inch longer to allow for extra tightening , but the shoes looked smart and I received compliments . They seem to be well made and I would buy Propet sneakers again .
 Fabulous sneaker ! I have a hard time finding wide width shoes that fit properly and Propet makes the best of the best for comfort ! Good quality and reasonably priced .
 I really liked this shoe . I did not need to break it in . I used it for walking 4 miles and it was great . It is not heavy and feels very comfy .
 THIS WAS A GREAT BUY . I PURCHASED THESE FOR MY GRANDMOTHER . WE HAD A HARD TIME FINDING SHOES BECAUSE OF THE SWELLING IN HER FEET WHICH CAUSED HER TO BE UNBALANCED . WE TRIED NEW BALANCE AND OTHER BRANDS . WHEN SHE TRIED THESE ON SHE SAID THEY FEEL GOOD THE WIDTH COMFORT AND THE SOFTNESS OR THE SHOE AND ABLITY TO ADJUST THE STRAP WAS GREAT . NOT TO MENTION THE PRICE . I WOULD RECOMMEND THEM ESP FOR PEOPLE WITH FEET ISSUES
 I 've got these shoes in 10EEEE size for Grandma . Her feet and ankles swell with water . She has trouble finding socks that will fit , forget the shoes ! But these ones were different . She easily put her foot in , velcro opened all way up , and first thing she said
 This is my second pair of tour walkers . I find them supportive , comfortable , durable and best of all - - no more untied laces ! I recommend them . -LRB- there is a less rugged version of this shoe , at a lower price point , and I do NOT find it a suitable substitute -RRB-
 Best tennis shoes I 've ever worn . Easy shopping/finding what I wanted . No hassle shipping/paying . Shipped immediately and arrived on stated date . Will buy again .
 I recently tried to purchase the Propet Women 's W3902 Tour Walker Velcro from the store I previously purchased them from and was told they no longer carried this product . I searched and found them at Amazon.com - They have a very comfortable fit and are ideal for me . Best fitting Walker for the money . I love the velcro as it is so easy on and off . Love , Love , Love them .
 They are very comfortable and well made . One of my most favorite clogs . Living in AZ we ca n't really wear shoes it is always too hot.I love the fit - they are comfortable wide and also the opening of wide and high enough to accommodate my high arch - that is a problem with many glogs , I ca n't get my whole foot inside due to my high arch.Ont the other hand if you have narrow feet or low arches these may run a bit too wide . The best fit for a glog is when it is just loose enough to touch but not bind ...
 Love them ! Very comfortable and nice quality . I can wear them with anything . I would definitely recommend them .
 Some products are a nice surprise - like this one . The shoes are nice , standard , white , going to the mall types but there 's a twist
 Some products are a nice surprise - like this one . The shoes are nice , standard , white , going to the mall types but there 's a twist
 Some products are a nice surprise - like this one . The shoes are nice , standard , white , going to the mall types but there 's a twist
 I have 4 pairs of these shoes and I love them to death ! They are as close to indestructable as any shoe I 've ever owned . Then you 're probably asking why I have so many . Well , the answer is that this is the only shoe I know of that comes in so many colors -LRB- I 've seen at least 7 or 8 colors -RRB- and works with just about everything in your wardrobe ! Jeans , khakis , whatever - they work , and I love 'em !!!
 A great shoe . Does n't show off a lot . Really comfortable , and never out of style
 These were my first pair of really nice shoes and will probably be the only tennis shoes I will ever buy . They are very versatile ; I can wear them when I am out on a walk , on a run , to school , to church and they are great when I am traveling . They even fit bulky orthotics and my wide feet that other tennis shoes are not made to handle . Adidas are comfortable , stylish and the ultimate tennis shoe !
 The first time I saw a pair of Superstars was 8 years ago and I thought they were the coolest looking all-purpose shoes I had ever seen . I immediately went out and bought my first pair and have n't been without at least 2 styles ever since . Classic , simple , comfortable , and durable , they have never failed me whether at work -LRB- I 'm a Fed Ex courier -RRB- or play . The break in period is almost non-existent and best of all , the sole wears out before the upper leather portion wears out . For the price and dependability , you can not lose with this shoe !
 Some products are a nice surprise - like this one . The shoes are nice , standard , white , going to the mall types but there 's a twist
 Some products are a nice surprise - like this one . The shoes are nice , standard , white , going to the mall types but there 's a twist
 Some products are a nice surprise - like this one . The shoes are nice , standard , white , going to the mall types but there 's a twist
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 Looking for a boot with tasteful proportions was difficult until I found these . They 're rugged yet stylish . The only downside is a lack of cushion .
 i got these boots last year and i ride in all temps my feet are always warm they are holding up great i am planing to buy more work america products
 I have been a purchaser of Cole Haan shoes for a long time . I 've always believed good footwear is very important if you 're on your feet all day . I have friends who buy cheap shoes and always complain how their feet hurt . I am extremely tough on footwear because of my size . I 'm 6 ' 5 '' , weigh 215 lbs and have a very high arch in my foot . I like all leather shoes because they will last a long time with proper care and they can be resoled . Cole Haan shoes are always true to size and this style can be worn with Dockers , dress slacks , a suit and jeans . I 'm giving them 4 stars only because they took much longer to break in than other Cole Haan shoes I 've owned . Once they loosened up , they are extremely comfortable and look good all the time .
 I 've worn Cole Haan shoes for probably the last 20 years and these pinch-tassel loafers are alway good quality at a very reasonable price . They are one of the few shoes that you can find in EEE sizes for wide feet and they wear very well . The leather uppers hold up well and the leather soles last a long while also , but I 'd suggest taking them to a shoe store after you buy them and having soles/heels put on them before the leather soles/heels wear down much . If you do they 'll wear a couple years longer . They 're comfortable , look good , and polish up great -- and at that price you ca n't beat them . I buy both the black and burgundy colors and can wear them with anything -- dress or casual .
 I have kind of wide feet , so I went with 3E , the regular size is pretty narrow . I love these shoes , they go with any color pants , and are great for the work environment .
 This is my third pair . I tend to wer loafers out pretty fast -LRB- Shoeswithin 6 months typically -RRB- but these last over two years . They are well made . I switched to these when Rockport stopped selling the style I liked . They were great too , but these last longer than Rockports . Price was great too . I am willing to pay for a good product , and these are good product .
 This cost me about $ 60 less than buying it at a local store . Good quality , good fit . I 'd buy it again .
 I finally broke down last week to replace the pair of Cole Haan pinch tassel shoes I 'd been wearing for the past 4 years . I had replaced the sole and heel already and was wearing through the current one . The uppers and tassels were still in good shape , so I was holding off as long as possible to milk every penny out of them . Slipped them on today and they 're -LRB- almost -RRB- as comfortable as my 4-year old pair . Great shoe at a great value .
 I have 3 pairs of these , one in each color . I LOVE THEM . Nice fit , very well made , durable and classic . With my unusual size -LRB- 13 3E -RRB- I am very happy they make such a good looking shoe that fits me . I highly recommend them !
 Love Cole Haan shoes and even better when they 're on sale . I purchased 2 pair and will again when Amazon has them for $ 99
 This is a classic loafer that looks good and lasts . It is durable and holds a shine . Taken care of they last for years .
 Great product . Comfortable and stylish . One of the few styles available in narrow widths . Fast service as well . I have the same shoe in black .
 Some products are a nice surprise - like this one . The shoes are nice , standard , white , going to the mall types but there 's a twist
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 These work perfectly for me , I wear 8.5 XW , have a wide foot with problems from wearing heels all my life.These are perfect for me to add a sock if I want , the velcro is good for me to adjust if my feet are puffy . Getting a pair for my mother at this price .
 I love these shoes . This is my third pair . Each time I order them , they fit great and provide excellent support .
 We have purchased this same shoe for our handicapped adult daughter for years . They have served her well . However , today while travelling to Florida in the rain she complained of a wet sock . We checked her shoe and the bottom had broken into a 3 inch crack . Very disappointing since they were fairly new .
 Have been purchasing Propet products for 2 years now - Love them . Sturdy , comfortable and long lasting . Only grief I have had is the stitches coming loose in the toe area . Very stable when walking . This particular style gets only 4 stars because the tongue seems to ride too high up on the top of the foot , rubbing a bit ; annoying but not to the point of discomfort.Will continue to use Propet as my official work shoe .
 They were what I was expecting . The shoes works well for my older grandma at 93 .
 I bought these for my 93 year old aunt who was being moved from a nursing home to assisted living . She has had problems with swelling in her feet and ankles and needs extra wide shoes . The velcro makes it easy for her to put them on and off , they give good support when she walks with her walker , and she says they feel good .
 I love these sneakers . I wear them walking every day and so far they have n't broken down . I do n't know if they will last a 1,000 miles or not though . If they will just last 6 months , I will be happy ! They are really comfortable and have good toe room but do order wide size if you need the extra width . I ordered some New Balance sneakers at same time I ordered these and they were double the price but I like these much better and the New Balance which were also ordered in wide was just a little too tight in toes . These feel good and you feel like you are just bouncing right along . I wish the straps were just a tad longer but I would n't change them for strings though . A really nice pair of shoes and I 'm getting ready to order another pair for spares !
 I wear a half-size smaller because these shoes come in wide sizes -LRB- i.e they fit -RRB- ! I 'm curious to see how long they will last as they are guaranteed for 1000 miles . Very attractive and comfortable , and reasonably priced . I recommend the quick-adjust velcro for anyone who walks before or after work , or at lunch , or who takes shoes on & off throughout the day .
 This particular style of Propet sneakers is great . I wear them all the time . They are light as a feather on your feet and the velcro tabs are great .
 I have flexible flat feet and tend to pronate . While this shoe is not as good as Brooks Addiction , it is lighter and moves more easily . I only wish I had known it was available in narrow width . I expect that would have made it an even better fit and more help with my pronation problem . It does accept my custom orthotics . I ordered a pair for my mother as well as myself and she loves hers . She has serious mobility problems but these shoes in her narrow width and size 10 make walking much more stable and safe for her . We will certainly order them again . They look good too !
 This is the second pair of this particular shoe I have bought . Roomy and comfortable , and easy on a painful back . Over the last couple of years , the shoes I have picked to buy have been Propet . I did n't try to buy Propet , but they have turned out that way .
 This is a good utility shoe I work on my feet all day and that is what I got them for but I will not ware them for fun . If they hold up I will buy another pair for work .
 I love these shoes . This is the 5th pair i 've bought over the past 3 years . They are wonderful for hiking and very quick and easy to put on . I would highly reccomend them to everyone .
 My Grandma asked me to find a great deal on Propet shoes for her . She has used Propet for many years , mainly because of the ease of the velcro straps and the good support it offers to use with her leg brace . . -LRB- she had a stroke many years ago -RRB- . This is the only shoe my Grandma will purchase and the ones she has last quite some time ... they withstand her unsteady transfers and moving herself about in her wheelchair constantly . Would definitely recommend this shoe to people looking for those qualities .
 This is a quality lightweight shoe . I think you 'd have a hard time finding a shoe of this type , as well made , at any price range . Very comfortable , very stylish .
 If you suffer from plantar faciitis -- these are the shoe for you . Do n't wait until your foot hurts to badly that you can barely walk , like I did . I had to go slowly once I got the shoes to allow the foot to continue healing , but they are definitely part of the process . I like them so much that now I ppurchased a pair of snow boots from the same company because it is important to always now wear footwear that has some orthotic support , otherwise the progress you make is undermined by wearing improper shoes/boots .
 I have very flat feet and have to put arch support in my shoes or else I 'm in a lot of pain . After much searching and trying different brands , these are all I wear now . Theywear very good and stay nice looking .
 Because of my left ankle , I must replace shoes once a year . So far these have proven to be the best at giving my ankles the added support that they need . They look so nice and are so comfortable compared to many others . It would be nice if this company made sandles that give that added ankle support .
 I wear 7.5 wide in New Balance . I ordered the 7.5 wide in these , but they are too big . When I wear out these shoes , I 'll buy the size 7 . For now , I guess I have to wear thick socks . Otherwise , they seem pretty comfy .
 This is a good , comfortable sturdy shoe . And it is true to size . I ordered mine a little too big , but since I wear orthodics and with a thick sock , it is OK . I bought it purposely for the winter , so I am glad it has solid groovy soles . It came on time in a box . No problems with shipping . I would recommend this shoe to a friend .
 I love these shoes because they have Velcro straps and are easy to take on and off . They come in wide sizes and are very comfortable
 The quality of this model is much better than their previous Propet Walker -LRB- which was very good -RRB- . My Aunt loves the shoe and its ease of wearing.Amazon 's delivery time was even better than promised.I do wish that a 6.5 C was available .
 This is my second pair of Propet women 's W3902 tour walker velcro sneaker purchased from Amazon . My feet feel so much better after wearing them and the velcro makes it easier than tying because of my hip situation . I would recommend these highly and the price and free shipping is great on your budget .
 THIS IS MY 4TH PURCHASE OF THIS SHOE STYLE . USUALLY THERE IS A NEW SHOE BREAK IN PERIOD BUT WITH THIS SHOE IT 'S COMFORTABLE FROM THE FIRST WEARING UP TO THE FINAL WEARING . I 'M SURE I 'VE PUT MORE THAN THE 1000 MILE GUARANTEE ON EACH OF THE PREVIOUS PAIRS BUT I LIKE THAT THERE IS A WARRANTY ON THE SHOES . AND THE PRICE IS GREAT TOO !
 The shoe itself is comfortable for my long walks and the velcro allows me to make quick adjustments that prevent me from making the shoe too tight .
 I love the shoes , I am a diabetic who has a job that requires a lot of standing and walking . The other reviewrs comments are true and I have to say I was quite surprise with the card that came with the shoes , a warranty ! Anyway they are comfortable even though it looks kind of stiff . Love the style and colors . Going to buy another pair but black . Looking for shoe would highly recommend this product .
 My mom has really wide arthritic feet . She has arthritis in her ankles , feet , knees , 1 hip , and lower spine . I ordered these shoes for her , after trying a large variety -LRB- about 10 other pairs -RRB- of shoes . None of the other styles we tried fit . She either could n't get her foot in , or , in the case of ankle boot styles , they would n't close around her ankles . These were a last resort because she does n't like the tennis shoe look -LRB- she 's 72 -RRB- . Nevertheless , these fit ! Hooray ! They are comfortable and stable . The velcro can be adjusted to different widths . Totally worth the money and true to size !
 I have owned Propet Walkers before . There is nothing like them for comfort and durability . I highly recomend these shows .
 As a nurse at a large and extremely busy hospital Australia , I am extremely happy with my Propet shoes . When I was ordering them I thought `` Well they are not that expensive I can throw them away -LRB- 1 -RRB- if they do n't fit , -LRB- 2 -RRB- if they are tooooooooooo uncomfortable '' . Imagine to my surprise they are both the best fit and most comfortable shoes to wear to work . I will be ordering more . Many thanks to Amazon and Propet shoes . I have also told all my friends about them at the hospital.JanAustrtalia
 I read all the reviews on Amazon 's website about these sneakers and I looked forward to receiving them . Based on the similar shoes I 've had for some time I ordered the same size I 've been wearing . However , these shoes are a little narrower across the toe and they squeezed a little , so back they went ! I would rather have been able to just exchange than to refund and reorder , but I guess Amazon has some reason for that policy . I 'll try again with a half size larger , I guess , although I have n't reordered yet .
 I have bought Propet shoes for years , this is the first of this style I have tried and I have found they are just as good as the others . Propet shoes are comfortable , give good support and last a long time . They are well worth the price .
 A comfortable and convenient to slip on and off pair of shoes . A little bit plain in design . ` Nuff said .
 I have owned many pairs of this shoe . I have flat feet and bunions and these shoes fit my feet well and are so comfortable . I wash them in my washer and and air dry with a shoe form inside them . They are great !!!
 I absolutely wore my other pair out . I have wide , high arch feet and hard to fit.These are great walking shoes
 This is my second pair of Propet Walkers . I love the velcro closures and the support that these walkers provide . I 've never washed them but like the idea if I ever needed to .
 The shoes were easy to find , were just what we needed , and even arrived a week earlier than had been promised !
 Purchased for a nursing home resident who had totally worn out an exact pair . Perfect ! The resident was delighted ! Thank you .
 These shoes are the best walking shoe . The quality is excellent and always the same . Highly recommend these shoes . An added bonus is the fact that these shoes are quite water proof .
 I rate these with 5 stars because they always fit comfortably from the first day ; I got my first pair of Propet Tour wallkers about 6 years ago and have mainly kept to this style ever since for active walking outdoors . For me , they 're the best !
 I chose Prepet years ago as my everyday shoe . I discarded high heels and snug flats for what my young daughter once called &#34; old lady shoes &#34; . Well , I had begun developing bunions . It is a genetic thing in my family . Guess what?Wearing Propets was just what the doctor ordered . My bunion problem is minor compared to my mother who had to have surgery to cure hers . Ca n't beat that ! I attribute foot health to Prepet styling . Yes
 I bought these shoes for my mum . She has wide feet and has a hard time finding shoes that fit . This pair just made the grade .
 These are excellent shoes - I have purchased the Propet shoes before and they fit very well and are extremely comfortable .
 I got these shoe in black . Great fit and are very comfortable.Lady Darline
 After placing my order for these shoues , they arrived very soon.They 're comfortable -LRB- and ideal for me because I have diabetes ; the velcro allows you to adjust the tightness of the shoes -RRB- . Great traction on the bottom . Very nice looking . They appear to be well constructed and should last many years .
 I WAS NOT ABLE TO KEEP THE WALKING SHOE 'S , BECAUSE THEY SEEM TO BE RUNNING A BITNARROWER THAN MY OTHER BRAND OF WALKING SHOES . BUT I DO HIGHLY RECOMMEND THEM.I AM AT AN AGE THAT I PREFER VERY COMFORTABLE WIDTH , AND SUPPORT . LOVED THEVELCRO . KEEP UP THE GREAT PRODUCT , PROPET . SINCERE TRUTHFUL , DH
 Repeat purchase of this particular sneaker . Great support , true to size , and wears for a long time . Propet makes an excellent product and Amazon with the prime account ships it to you fast with no fuss .
 This is a wonderful shoe . I have always had trouble getting comfortable shoes but I really think these are great . The product description exactly matched what I received . The velcrose straps are perfect - I have had a lot of trouble in the past finding shoes with velcrose straps . I have undergone 3 spine surgeries and needed something comfortable that was easy to put on and do up . The shoes arrived in a timely manner and were clean and new . I have to do a lot of walking and have found these shoes to be the best I have experienced . I will definately purchase these again . Thanks for a great shoe !
 Love product . Quick service . Misled by color `` sport white . '' Assumed it was WHITE , turned out to be TANISH color . Had to keep as needed immediately . Otherwise , mostly happy .
 These shoes are wonderful walking shoes . True to size and needs very little break-in . High quality . Very comfortable . Only thing I do n't like is the tongue is a little `` high '' on by ankle , but I 'm getting used to that .
 The Propet Walkers with Velcro closure , are comfortable from the get-go . They do n't need breaking in.They give you stability with each step . The all white color is very clean - looking and the shoes are easy to clean . They come with a 6 month guarantee . You ca n't ask for much more from a shoe than this .
 Just got this shoe and it 's very comfortable , but it 's narrower than I expected . I got a medium , as usual , but it 's too tight -LRB- even without strapping them closed -RRB- so a wide would have been better . I 'm hoping it will stretch .
 These shoes a nice looking and feel good . I am diabetic and there is plenty of toes room . This also rest my legs which have been operated on because if bad circulation . I would recommend these shoes to anyone who has or does n't have leg and foot problems .
 The sneakers were very comfortable as soon as I put them on . I immediately went for a walk and they felt great . The velcro straps probably could be an eighth of an inch longer to allow for extra tightening , but the shoes looked smart and I received compliments . They seem to be well made and I would buy Propet sneakers again .
 Fabulous sneaker ! I have a hard time finding wide width shoes that fit properly and Propet makes the best of the best for comfort ! Good quality and reasonably priced .
 I really liked this shoe . I did not need to break it in . I used it for walking 4 miles and it was great . It is not heavy and feels very comfy .
 THIS WAS A GREAT BUY . I PURCHASED THESE FOR MY GRANDMOTHER . WE HAD A HARD TIME FINDING SHOES BECAUSE OF THE SWELLING IN HER FEET WHICH CAUSED HER TO BE UNBALANCED . WE TRIED NEW BALANCE AND OTHER BRANDS . WHEN SHE TRIED THESE ON SHE SAID THEY FEEL GOOD THE WIDTH COMFORT AND THE SOFTNESS OR THE SHOE AND ABLITY TO ADJUST THE STRAP WAS GREAT . NOT TO MENTION THE PRICE . I WOULD RECOMMEND THEM ESP FOR PEOPLE WITH FEET ISSUES
 I 've got these shoes in 10EEEE size for Grandma . Her feet and ankles swell with water . She has trouble finding socks that will fit , forget the shoes ! But these ones were different . She easily put her foot in , velcro opened all way up , and first thing she said
 This is my second pair of tour walkers . I find them supportive , comfortable , durable and best of all - - no more untied laces ! I recommend them . -LRB- there is a less rugged version of this shoe , at a lower price point , and I do NOT find it a suitable substitute -RRB-
 Best tennis shoes I 've ever worn . Easy shopping/finding what I wanted . No hassle shipping/paying . Shipped immediately and arrived on stated date . Will buy again .
 I recently tried to purchase the Propet Women 's W3902 Tour Walker Velcro from the store I previously purchased them from and was told they no longer carried this product . I searched and found them at Amazon.com - They have a very comfortable fit and are ideal for me . Best fitting Walker for the money . I love the velcro as it is so easy on and off . Love , Love , Love them .
 Some products are a nice surprise - like this one . The shoes are nice , standard , white , going to the mall types but there 's a twist
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 Some products are a nice surprise - like this one . The shoes are nice , standard , white , going to the mall types but there 's a twist
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 I have been a purchaser of Cole Haan shoes for a long time . I 've always believed good footwear is very important if you 're on your feet all day . I have friends who buy cheap shoes and always complain how their feet hurt . I am extremely tough on footwear because of my size . I 'm 6 ' 5 '' , weigh 215 lbs and have a very high arch in my foot . I like all leather shoes because they will last a long time with proper care and they can be resoled . Cole Haan shoes are always true to size and this style can be worn with Dockers , dress slacks , a suit and jeans . I 'm giving them 4 stars only because they took much longer to break in than other Cole Haan shoes I 've owned . Once they loosened up , they are extremely comfortable and look good all the time .
 I 've worn Cole Haan shoes for probably the last 20 years and these pinch-tassel loafers are alway good quality at a very reasonable price . They are one of the few shoes that you can find in EEE sizes for wide feet and they wear very well . The leather uppers hold up well and the leather soles last a long while also , but I 'd suggest taking them to a shoe store after you buy them and having soles/heels put on them before the leather soles/heels wear down much . If you do they 'll wear a couple years longer . They 're comfortable , look good , and polish up great -- and at that price you ca n't beat them . I buy both the black and burgundy colors and can wear them with anything -- dress or casual .
 I have kind of wide feet , so I went with 3E , the regular size is pretty narrow . I love these shoes , they go with any color pants , and are great for the work environment .
 This is my third pair . I tend to wer loafers out pretty fast -LRB- Shoeswithin 6 months typically -RRB- but these last over two years . They are well made . I switched to these when Rockport stopped selling the style I liked . They were great too , but these last longer than Rockports . Price was great too . I am willing to pay for a good product , and these are good product .
 This cost me about $ 60 less than buying it at a local store . Good quality , good fit . I 'd buy it again .
 I finally broke down last week to replace the pair of Cole Haan pinch tassel shoes I 'd been wearing for the past 4 years . I had replaced the sole and heel already and was wearing through the current one . The uppers and tassels were still in good shape , so I was holding off as long as possible to milk every penny out of them . Slipped them on today and they 're -LRB- almost -RRB- as comfortable as my 4-year old pair . Great shoe at a great value .
 I have 3 pairs of these , one in each color . I LOVE THEM . Nice fit , very well made , durable and classic . With my unusual size -LRB- 13 3E -RRB- I am very happy they make such a good looking shoe that fits me . I highly recommend them !
 Love Cole Haan shoes and even better when they 're on sale . I purchased 2 pair and will again when Amazon has them for $ 99
 This is a classic loafer that looks good and lasts . It is durable and holds a shine . Taken care of they last for years .
 Great product . Comfortable and stylish . One of the few styles available in narrow widths . Fast service as well . I have the same shoe in black .
 It is very hard these days to find a closed toe shoe with any style and comfort . The classy design of this shoe is wonderful . This shoe tandems nicely with slacks or dresses . Furthermore , in the tradition of Clark 's shoes , the comfort is tremendous . I can stand all day in these shoes and the end of the day my feet still feel great . Just one FYI , because of the heal height , I bought this shoe one-half size larger than I would normally wear . I 'd love to own it in another color .
 These are the shoes you wear when you want to look fantastic and take a vacation from `` new shoe pain '' ! They fit like a dream , and you can walk forever in them and feel like you 're in bedroom slippers . The shoes look great with a skirt , slacks or jeans . The little platform on them is comfty and cool-looking , and the heel is just the right height to make your legs look great , but you can also walk in them.I never tried this brand before , but I 'm sold . I 'm looking into a pair of heeled clogs . You can never have enough good-looking , comfortable shoes !
 I love these shoes ! I ordered both the black and tan pair . They 're not really round toe though , they 're more oval-shaped . They run a little large , so you might want to consider ordering half a size down . I wear either a 7.5 or an 8 and I ordered a 8 since they were closed toe . I had to send them back and order a smaller size.I have n't worn them out yet , but they seemed really comfy when I tried them on .
 I get so many compliments on these shoes ! They remind me of a pair my grandmother used to wear when I was little so I just had to have them . They are very comfortable and can be worn all day and into the evening . Plus , they go with so many of my outfits . Naughty Monkey is one of my favorite brands for their unique styles . You will not be disapointed with these shoes !
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 I have been a purchaser of Cole Haan shoes for a long time . I 've always believed good footwear is very important if you 're on your feet all day . I have friends who buy cheap shoes and always complain how their feet hurt . I am extremely tough on footwear because of my size . I 'm 6 ' 5 '' , weigh 215 lbs and have a very high arch in my foot . I like all leather shoes because they will last a long time with proper care and they can be resoled . Cole Haan shoes are always true to size and this style can be worn with Dockers , dress slacks , a suit and jeans . I 'm giving them 4 stars only because they took much longer to break in than other Cole Haan shoes I 've owned . Once they loosened up , they are extremely comfortable and look good all the time .
 I 've worn Cole Haan shoes for probably the last 20 years and these pinch-tassel loafers are alway good quality at a very reasonable price . They are one of the few shoes that you can find in EEE sizes for wide feet and they wear very well . The leather uppers hold up well and the leather soles last a long while also , but I 'd suggest taking them to a shoe store after you buy them and having soles/heels put on them before the leather soles/heels wear down much . If you do they 'll wear a couple years longer . They 're comfortable , look good , and polish up great -- and at that price you ca n't beat them . I buy both the black and burgundy colors and can wear them with anything -- dress or casual .
 I have kind of wide feet , so I went with 3E , the regular size is pretty narrow . I love these shoes , they go with any color pants , and are great for the work environment .
 This is my third pair . I tend to wer loafers out pretty fast -LRB- Shoeswithin 6 months typically -RRB- but these last over two years . They are well made . I switched to these when Rockport stopped selling the style I liked . They were great too , but these last longer than Rockports . Price was great too . I am willing to pay for a good product , and these are good product .
 This cost me about $ 60 less than buying it at a local store . Good quality , good fit . I 'd buy it again .
 I finally broke down last week to replace the pair of Cole Haan pinch tassel shoes I 'd been wearing for the past 4 years . I had replaced the sole and heel already and was wearing through the current one . The uppers and tassels were still in good shape , so I was holding off as long as possible to milk every penny out of them . Slipped them on today and they 're -LRB- almost -RRB- as comfortable as my 4-year old pair . Great shoe at a great value .
 I have 3 pairs of these , one in each color . I LOVE THEM . Nice fit , very well made , durable and classic . With my unusual size -LRB- 13 3E -RRB- I am very happy they make such a good looking shoe that fits me . I highly recommend them !
 Love Cole Haan shoes and even better when they 're on sale . I purchased 2 pair and will again when Amazon has them for $ 99
 This is a classic loafer that looks good and lasts . It is durable and holds a shine . Taken care of they last for years .
 Great product . Comfortable and stylish . One of the few styles available in narrow widths . Fast service as well . I have the same shoe in black .
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 Good shoe , fits well , looks good with jeans . Sturdy for my hard walking son .
 I inherited a pair of these shoes from my Dad back in '87 and have been keeping an eye out for a pair since . Original pair I had were blue colorscheme , but the red 's a nice changeup . These shoes are not for people with wide feet , I 'm sure the leather will stretch out after repeated wearings , but they tend to run on the narrow side . A potential drawback I encountered is the tendency for the soles to squeak when on polished floors . They 're dope , i 've been looking for them for ages and i 'm considering buying a second pair -LRB- seeing as they 're on sale , odds are good they 're getting phased out again and I do n't want to wait another 16 years to find them -RRB- .
 Several years ago , I moved into hotter inland climates which have prolonged intensely hot summers . My work requires formal business attire . Needless to say when I get home from work , or am off for the weekend , I wear my reefs with absolute pleasure . They are extremely comfortable and will contour to your foot , to provide nice stability , keeping your foot on , or rather in the surface on the flip-flop . The tread and traction is excellent as well . They are comfortable stylish and keep your feet cool during hot weather . Everytime I put them on , I know I will be relaxin , ahhhhh , how nice . Best flip flop on the market . Have tried others , but the simplicity of the Reefs reign supreme . As far as fit goes , if you are a half size such as 9.5 , get a 10 , they will fit perfectly.On a side note , 6-7 years ago , Reef made a flip flop I liked even better , it had a twist to the design which I loved . Basically , instead of the nylon fabric which goes in between your toes , they had one with an extremely soft comfortable rubber which went in between your toes . It was slightly more comfortable than the nylon part , they employ in all their flip flops now , except for their all rubber ones . Another benefit of this rubber part was it kept the nylon strap elevated , so when you put your foot in , it went right in , you did not have to squiggle your toes to raise the nylon strap in order to slide your toes in and get the toes seated up against the nylon , or rather in this case the soft rubber . With this rubber part , you just put your foot in , and voila , you 're off and relaxin , totally hassle free . This was not an all rubber piece that went from the toe strap and all the way to back of the flip flop forking and branching off to the rear of the flip flop where they attach to the deck rear deck of the flip flop on both sides in the rear ; it was not a totally nylon-fabric free flip flop , in other words it was not all rubber like other flip flops by Reef and other manufacturers . It was a hybrid , with a rubber part that elevated the nylon straps , so you could just glide right in . It combined the best of both worlds with the convenience of the rubber part where you put your toes in , but after that nylon straps were attached to that rubber toe-piece and went back and attached to the rear deck of the flip flop . The nylon straps are more breathable than rubber and keep your feet nice and cool , while the rubber part that goes in between your toes , made them the ideal , best flip flop ever made . I hope someone from Reef comes across this review . Bring back the hybrid Reef , myself and others will buy them again and again . Also these flip flops are extremely durable . I wear the heck out of them ; I mean I put serious mileage on them . I usually buy them every two years ,
 I buy a pair of these for my husband like every 3 yrs just because he has to have them . they r good 4 everything . Very comfortanle .
 Lost my the toenail off my big toe ... so this has been my only shoe for the last month ... even during haying season ... Excellent Product
 Fit just like they always do . I love this style of Reef and they always fit my foot right . Far more comfortable than Teva and not nearly as expensive as most . Only problem here is the lack of colors available . Too bad Reef seems to focus more on the trendy , super-plasticky styles .
 The Reef Smoothy is the best flip flop sandal that I 've ever found - I wear mine all day every day so mine do n't last 10 years -LRB- medical condition prevents shoes and socks -RRB- I ordered 2 pair in 2006 and am now in need of new ones , but I ca n't believe they do n't apparently make the Rasta pattern any more ... No reason not to get some new ones , but the 2 I got in 2006 replaced the 3 pair I got in 2001 - all in the Rasta pattern ... This is the most comfortable , long lasting flipper I 've ever bought -- totally recommend !!!
 I had to buy a new pair b/c my dog ate mine . They hold up great otherwise , I 've had a pair in red for 6 years and they are still great !
 The reefs are very comfortable , but I have wide feet . The `` smoothy '' strap gets folded under itself easily and they 're not quick to put on or take off . I am a 10.5 , but ordered an 11 . I should have bought at least an 11.5 or 12 due to the width of my feet .
 What can I say ... they are reefs . I love them.Word to the wise though , they do a little small and narrow . Order up 1 size
 I have worn reef sandals for over 20 years . This inexpensive model is hard to locate at stores and is a good basic sandal that lasts and feels great . A plus is no gel so you can wear it on airplanes .
 Love em they arrived on time and are just like the classic Reef sandals Ive been wearing for the past twenty years . They eventually mold to your foot . Two thumbs up .
 This is a nice basic pair of flip flops . I just replaced my 7 year old ones of the same model . They were still good , of course , but very worn . Out of those seven years I wore the last pair , I wore them almost constantly during 2 years of college , that includes winter except when there was snow on the ground . It also includes peddling my bicycle about 1500 miles . They are also very comfortable.I got tired of buying a new pair of cheep flip-flops every year only to have them break a week later , so I figured I would try upgrading to the twenty dollar pair . It has definitely paid off . I could 've spent 60 + dollars on the cheep ones , so I definitely saved by shelling out the cash for the more expensive ones . -LRB- Well , it 's really not a lot of cash , but you 'll have to remember I was in college when I bought the first pair -RRB- . This would have to count as one of my favorite products , in any category , of all time.Summary
 Like these Reef Smoothy 's . Like them , heck , I love them ! This is my 2nd pair , many years since the first one , and the satisfaction is very high , as before . Not sure how they manage to make flip-flops feel so much better than any other . As for other reviewers , I ordered up in size -LRB- being a 10 or 10.5 , I ordered the 11 -RRB- . The fit was just right . Hope they keep making these products , it 's obvious that I 'm not the only one that thinks they are special . Even Reef 's many other models do n't get the same level of positive ratings . Would have preferred a color other than black , but the positives of fit and comfort more than compensate for that .
 These are very good sandals , I just wish there were no set arches , but they mfew days.old to your feet within a
 I absolutely love these sandals . The delivery time was super fast -LRB- about 3 days sooner than expected -RRB- and they were in perfect shape . I 've been wearing them near constantly and they seem to be holding up really well and are much more comfortable than any other pair I have ever used . Reef uses two types of foam in their sandals , a firmer foam for the sole and a softer foam that eventually molds to your feet . The firmer foam also provides some arch support , it 's not great but it 's a lot better than what you usually get with flip-flops . On some sandals I 've owned , the stalk -LRB- idk what it 's actually called , it 's the part between your toes -RRB- causes discomfort but on these the fabric they used is really comfortable and took no time at all to get used to.I highly recommend these sandals , they 're awesome !
 I love them , they are great , would tell all my family to buy this brand of sandal , Quality made and comfortable , easy to wear and carry .
 Although this is a bit older model , it has more padding and arch support than the newer flatter versions . The foam is some type of high density type that feels firm at first but then gives very comforably with pressure . Has the feel of natural rubber but offers more support . NOTE
 These sandals have a very soft toe strap . Normally the part that goes between the toes is irritating to me . But these are very comfortable . Also , great cushioning . Buy them !
 Great thong sandal . If you wear them a lot , they will wear out in a summer , but for the price they are comfortable and are great at the beach/pool or just everyday wear .
 I first bought these when I was in the Marines and in Okinawa . I bought them on base from the exchange and at the time I was a newbie to regular flip flop wearing and was not familiar with the name `` REEF . '' My options in the store were limited but I went with these actually cursing under my breath that I was about to pay $ 17 for essentially `` shower shoes ! '' Fast forward at least 6-7 years and I 've fallin in love with something as simple as some flip flops . Literally worn them all over the world , different countries and as many memories as I had in them , hated to finally toss them when worn down to nothing . Simple design , yet very comfortable and I liked how I could get them wet for whatever reason and they quickly dry while wearing . Excellent chance you 'll love them too !
 I gave this product as a gift , and the recipient now enjoys using them a great deal . The order was processed quickly and received before the daye promised .
 Shipped very quickly . High quality at the best price I 've found . This was my husband 's favorite Christmas gift and I do n't think he 's taken them off yet !! Thanks !
 Very comfortable . This is the first pair of sandals I 've worn that did n't rub/blister the top and sides of my feet during break-in . They are a little narrow , but do have decent arch support for a flop . Worth the money .
 Reefs are the most comfortable flip flops out there . After you wear them for a day or two , they 've already started molding to your feet and it does n't take long for them to just be perfect . After owning my previous pair of Reefs for like 6 years , the threads in the toe started coming loose . My only question then was where do I buy a new pair . The thought of buying a different brand just does n't seem worth the risk . So yeah ... get these and I sincerely doubt you 'll be disappointed . They last a long time , they 're super comfy , and they 're affordable -LRB- just not when you compare them to cheap plastic drugstore flip flops , which are 1000 times worse -RRB- .
 These are by far , the best flip flops I have ever owned . They are phenomenally comfortable ! Very light , and durable . I have been wearing them daily for almost six months , and they have quickly become my favorite ! The sandal , as it 's name implies feels very smooth and soft , the straps do not chaff between the toes , and do not feel constricting , or abrasive in any way . They are easy to keep clean.Yes , they do run a bit small , and a little narrow if you have wide feet , but it 's not to the point where your foot will come into contact with the ground , and it does not look bad.In my opinion , they are more comfortable than the Reef Contour Smoothy , and the Havaianas Top sandal .
 I have been wearing this style of Reef sandals for the last 10 years and they are the most comfortable sandals I have worn . They last long and I have do n't fall apart .
 These are really comfortable and the shoe slowly moulds into your foot . The only negative is it 's really hard to get them on when your feet are wet and the slightly bigger negative is after a while they do color your feet black ... slightly -LRB- just on some of the edges -RRB- . I still think they are worth the money and dealing with the negatives ... since they are so comfortable .
 Exactly as I expected it would be . Comfortable . I 'm usually a 9 but a 10 works fine . No complaints especially at the price .
 No question , this is the best , most comfortable sandal you will ever own . My first Reef Smoothy pair lasted 10 years ! I just bought a new pair and absolutely them them.I prefer the regular Smoothy over the Contour Smoothy . The Contour is still a nice sandal , but the pre-built `` natural '' contour already in the sandal may or may not be right for your foot . I like them , but there is not as much opportunity to individualize the sandal to YOUR specific foot . The regular Smoothy is a full flat surface , almost like a blank canvas . After only a couple of days of wearing the sandal , it is already shaping to my foot . After about a week , it is perfect , specific to the contours of MY foot.Both Smoothy sandals are great . But if you have a choice , stick with the original .
 I went off of their sizing chart and they stated if you wore a size 10.5 to 11 mens , a size 10 sandal will fit . However , this is not the case . I 'm a size 10 and ordered a size 10 thinking I 'd rather they be a little big instead of small . They arrived and they are a small size 10 . If you wear 10 , you 'll need size 11 .
 They are comfortable and decent quality . The only surprise is how difficult they are to slip on . I have wide feet so it is difficult to slip them on when you are trying to put them on without using your hands . The main strap fits snug to the foot , which makes them more comfortable than other flip flops , but it is a pain if you need to take them on and off quick .
 These sandals feel really soft & comfortable . I have high arches and the contoured arch support work real well . With traditional `` flat '' sandals , I tend to suffer from plantar fasciatis , especially if I walk on them for most of the day . I love these sandals !
 Got these as a gift for my boyfriend . His review is
 I love these flip flops . They hold up great and are so comfortable . . they offer more support than other flip flops , I can wear them for longs walks and not have any problems .
 These are by far the most comfortable flip flops I 've ever owned ... and I have owned plenty throughout my 27 years of life . Compared to the brown Rainbow flip flops and the rubbery Quiksilver ones , these particular Reef flip flips have a really comfortable strap that do n't blister the top of your feet . The sole is light and it 's almost like walking on a firm pillow -LRB- ALMOST -RRB- . They 're durable too ! The last pair I owned survived several years and hundreds -LRB- if not thousands -RRB- of miles of walking . Get them !
 I never wore flip flops until I was 18 . I did n't like the thing that went in between the toe . For some reason , while it was fine for everyone else , it hurt my feet . I finally converted when I found these Reef Men 's Smoothy Sandals . I 've only owned two pairs of flip flops in my entire life , and both have been this brand and this item type . They 're comfortable , cushy , simple looking , more or less waterproof -LRB- the strap gets wet ... it can be annoying -RRB- , light , long-lasting , and they float on water ! I love them .
 I 've been wearing Reefs for years now , and I see no reason to switch to anything else . I 've bought and worn through several pairs of these sandals ... they 're simple , comfortable , and affordable . Done and done . As far as complaints about sizing being off , I wear a size 10 shoe and bought a size 10 sandal ... it fits just fine .
 Reef always make quality sandalsThese sandals are stylish and comfortable . Great with a pair of jeans or on the beach.I got the bronze/brown and the color is a little of from the picture -LRB- a little dark brown -RRB- but it is a very nice color.Seem to be very durable as well but only have had about 2 months .
 You can feel quality the moment you touch it . These are quality . Worth the few extra bucks.They are softer and firmer than cheap sandals . I have flat feet and these do n't hurt after a couple hours of walking . Nice fit for a wide foot , as well .
 These sandals are great if you are looking for comfort . The strap is very sturdy and wo n't break ... before the soles of the sandals get completely worn down from use at least .
 The Reef Men 's Smoothy Sandals are not only comfortable with a good fit , but attractive as well . They provide good cushioning for the feet when walking and look good enough to wear as leisure/relaxed footwear . They are also reasonably priced . I 'm very pleased with them and would recommend them to those who like flip flops or would like to try a pair .
 They are very comfortable and very durable . The last pair of these lasted five years in Florida so they were worn almost daily .
 Reef makes a far superior product ! I love these sandals ! Everyone in my family will only buy Reef !
 You know , after looking at several sites I discovered that it is a little trying to find a simple black flip-flop with no pretentious heirs about it . I finally found it in this shoe . It 's your basic run-of-the-mill flip-flop but also has a solid black coloring which looks pretty sharp as well . The sole seems to be pretty durable and the thick nylon strap seems to keep your foot in place . The standard shipment did n't take an exceptionally long amount of time , which I liked , but once the shoes did arrive I discovered that they came in a simple clear plastic bag . No shoe-box given . Normally I would n't have mind as they are only flip-flops but as they were ment to be a Christmas gift it would have been nice to have a matching box to wrap them in .
 I bought these for my boyfriend for Christmas . They fit him perfectly , he says they are super comfy , and they arrived promptly . They look really nice , too . Great product !
 I have been purchasing these types of sandals since The `` Beachcomber Bills '' sandals were introduced in the 70 's . Having gone through a number of brands and styles and as my feet changed over the years , I can truthfully say , the Reef Smoothyis the best , most comfortable -LRB- footbed and straps -RRB- sandal , right out of the box , I have ever purchased.The sandal is of medium width . The length is excellent and the size 10 is perfect in that it offers my 9.5 size footthat little extra room . There is no graining pattern or Logo sticking up from the footbed . It 's smooth and comfortable ! With a slight arch support that adds to it 's overall comfort.Getting them wet , in saltwater or pooled water , has no apparent harm or causes no seam separation.I have mowed 3200 Sq ' of lawn while wearing these so they have to be comfortable.If you are one of the in-between sizes , as I am , then purchase the next size up.The straps are very comfortable and do n't dig in to the top of your feet . Snug at first , these straps loosen up to perfection in minutes.The colors offered are classic . My choice is always the black ones -LRB- as that is what I am used to seeing when I look down at my feet -RRB- . The Amazon pricing is excellent . They are way more expensive at the surf shops here in SoCal!Best of Luck !
 As expected , the Reef Smoothys are very nice , well constructed , but I must add to the recurring gripe ; they really are very narrow . I wear 12EE and ordered 13 and they 're still a bit narrower than I 'd like and the toe grip is tight . Other than that , they 're aesthetically pleasing and comfortable . A great deal for the price .
 I bought these for my husband and he wears them all the time . He says they are super comfortable .
 These are great sandals , period . My second pair of the exact same ones . They have enough sole that they last a few years , they look great and they mold to your feet over time . Very comfortable and long lasting .
 I 've walked around amusement parks all day in these and did n't wish I had shoes once .
 My cousin introduced me to this style Reef sandal about 5 years ago , I was instantly in love with them . I have major back problems and find that most sandals offer either no arch support or the wrong kind of arch support , not these Reefs though ! I was so happy when I finally found a pair of sandals that I could wear hours on end without fear of being hunched over in pain that evening from walking in the wrong shoes all day . They are comfortable right from the get-go , take them out of the packaging , put them on your feet , and you 're ready to walk anywhere :-RRB- It seems like quite a few types of sandals have a `` breaking in period '' , I am very thankful that these do n't . They do eventually -LRB- rather quickly actually -RRB- mold to your foot shape which is a wonderful touch that adds even more comfort , but unlike other sandals , they are REALLY comfortable even before they form to your foot . The arch support is amazing and in just the right spot to do the job correctly . The straps are smooth underneath and are spread wide enough that they do n't cause any painful rubbing/blistering and they hold your foot with just the right amount of snugness as to keep it from sliding back and forth but without applying uncomfortable pressure to the top of your foot . The upper -LRB- main -RRB- platform of the sandal consists of a durable dense foam that wears well and lasts a long time ! I wear mine basically every day -LRB- even in the winter -RRB- and I find that I need to replace them about every 1.5 years , once the foam has worn away completely so that my foot is actually resting on the top of the rubber sole . Oddly , even when the foam has worn away they are still extremely comfortable , perhaps even more comfortable since when you slip them on your foot slides directly into a perfectly molded `` foot print '' of your own foot . I am now the proud owner of my 3rd pair of this type of Reef and I will continue to replace them with this style until it is discontinued ... which I hope never happens ! I must say , they were much harder to find this time though ... I looked at multiple retail stores and could n't find this style ... so I had to turn to my reliable shopping buddy Amazon.com again and I was happy to find them here :-RRB- I would recommend them to anyone!P.S . In case any of you reading this review are female ... I have large foot for a woman so I regularly find that I have to purchase men 's shoes , I wear a size 12 in woman 's , which for some reason ends up being a size 10.5 in men 's not a 10 like it should be ... anyway , so you can get some size comparison , I wear a size 11 men 's in these Reef 's , they do n't carry half sizes so I 'd probably recommend that you order 1 size up from what you think you would normally wear : -RRB-
 I been wearing flip-flops for over fifty years -- ever sine I lived in Hawaii as a kid -LRB- where the were called `` go-aheads . '' -RRB- These are soft , easy to slip on and most comfortable . I recommend them highly .
 I bought these for my boyfriend b/c he already had a pair of these that he 's had for at least 5 years and they 're finally starting to wear out . He swears by these flip flops and wo n't wear any other brand . He loves the cloth strap and the thickness of the sole is perfect . And obviously they last a long time . Overall I 'd say well worth the price !
 I love my reefs!They 're my absolute favorite flip flops ever !!!!! They shipped in no time and I received them before I thought I would .
 My man LOVES these flip-flops . I 've been a Reef fan for years & he 's just not really a flip-flop kind of guy , but motorcycle boots just do n't work at the pool/beach/etc . , so I bought these for him & he loves them .
 These were a replacement for exact shoes a couple of years old . You ca n't go wrong with reefs . They are comfortable right away .
 Very nice product quality wise but runs very narrow . That was disappointing . as I ordered a mens size for my daughters wide foot and it was very narrow .
 I purchased these for myself , as I wear a size 12 and it is difficult to find women 's shoes to fit . These were as expected . They were a little narrow in the beginning , but they did stretch as time went on . They were my main pair of shoes on a vacation recently and were very comfortable . I would purchase again .
 Bought these as a gift however I have several pairs of reefs myself . Reefs are very comfortable and hold up well over time . Reefs are only one of two brands of flip flops I ever buy .
 Not only was the price right on these sandals , but they are comfy and appear very well-made too ! Wore them all summer and they were comfortable from the first day -- no issues with the fabric between your toes and I am sensitive to that . Five stars !
 I have been wearing Reefs since high school and I am now in my 30s . They feel and look great and are just very comfortable . I have tried other brands in the past but just keep coming back to Reefs . The smoothy sandal is traditional and goes with anything . I love them !
 the sandal was the size i ordered but may have been a women 's size ... way to small and narrow . sold them to my mom . buy at least a size if not 2 sizes bigger.overall a great sandal just too small . wo n't make that mistake again .
 Partners birthday-30th august , estimated delivery date - 30th august , ACTUAL DELIVERY DATE - 6TH SEPTEMBER ! Warning ! you will not get your package on time with Amazon!However when it did arrive it was exactly as the picture and description said it was .
 these are simply the most comfortable flip flops I have ever owned . After a few days break in , the foot bed becomes the softest most comfortable thing I own . I 've worn them almost everyday since i bought them .
 Got these for my husband since he went through his older pair . He loves them and they work for both thin and wide feet .
 My wife bought me a pair of Reef Smoothy 's a few years back . I love them ; they go anywhere -- through mud , rocks , all the places where other flip flops will blow a tire . Even after 3 years of hard wearing , they still worked/looked great , albeit a little worn in the sole . My son kept `` borrowing '' them , and I decided I needed a new pair so I could let him have my old pair . I shopped around at the box stores , Bass Pro Shop , for example , but could n't find the Smoothy , and did n't like the new models . Found them on Amazon with one of their vendors . Great price , quick delivery , and now everyone is happy .
 The sizes do run close to the actual size . I ordered an 11 and it fits ... just . I know reef sandals do take the shape of your foot , so give it time .
 I have tried the Reef Smoothy , Smoothy Contour and Smoothy Leather . I highly recommend the original Smoothy by far ; fro comfy sole and high durability and usage ! I love mine , I have a few pairs and wear nothing else but reef smoothys most of the year round ! When ordering , I would order a size bigger than your usual shoe because they do come up small . I am mens us 7 , so I order a size 8 and these fit perfect . great flip flop , you ca n't find go far wrong.xxx
 I purchased these on July 5th , 2009 , and I 'm just now-on July 8th , 2011-ordering a new pair of sandals . I wear sandals every single day that I can . Here in southern Indiana , that means that I wear them nearly every day for 6-7 months of the year . They 're simple and comfortable . Do yourself a favor .
 I lived it these sandals when I live in LA. . I live in them half the year now that I 'm on the East Coast . They have great arch support , last forever and are very comfortable . But they do run small . Be sure to order up a size .
 These sandals are great ! I 've been wanting to wear flip-flops for the warmer months , but hate how they feel between my toes . I can barely feel the difference in these ones ! The only thing people might want to keep in mind is that these particular ones are somewhat narrow .
 Reef makes a men 's `` Smoothy Thong Sandal '' that I could never tire of wearing ! I 've had these for a while now . Moreover , these last a very long time just as others say they do ; I do n't have to replace them often ; a pair lasts over two years and that 's great ! They fit me every bit as comfortably as they did when I last wore them at the end of last summer . I also wore these nearly every day on a recent vacation and they fit great with support that made my feet feel comfortable when I was walking on the beach or going for longer walks . Overall , the design that shapes the sandal to fit my feet , including the way Reef makes the soles , is terrific , too.Of course , these can be worn around the house ; they are comfortable when I am just hanging around the house or even when I 'm doing errands around town in warm weather.The only cautionary note is that they DO run a little small . If you wear a size nine shoe , order a size ten . Two or three other reviewers have noted this , so when I placed my order I took their advice -- it worked ! Going up one size is definitely the thing to do when you order these sandals.Overall , I highly recommend these sandals . They are very well constructed and thus you do n't have to replace them very often even if you wear them frequently .
 This was a great purchase . These sandals are the most comfortable sandals I have owned . I have worn Reef 's for over 10 years and have not been disappointed with the durability and comfort .
 I discovered reefs about 10 years ago when I was in HS in California . These are the best flip flops , the sole molds to your feet and they are so confortable to walk in , I rarely think twice when putting them on for a day of walking . The only problem is now that I am spoiled I find fault with other -LRB- cheaper -RRB- flip flops . I must have my reefs . They last a long time -LRB- usually 1-2 summers for me though because I wear them so much -RRB- and no worries of getting black on your feet from walking in them like other cheap flip flops . If you are thinking of buying them , do ! You wo n't regret it .
 I purchased these sandles for my 17 year old son . He loves them . They are good quality sandal and is a good value for the money .
 For a leather sandal , it is not bad . However , it is not the most comfortable thing in the world . Then again , what leather sandal is , I suppose ? The leather is nice as it adds a bit more `` dress-up '' then a regular sandal . That said , I prefer comfort over `` dress-up '' . If you must have leather , buy this sandal . If you want more comfort , try the Reef Smoothy . You wo n't be disappionted .
 This is my second pair of the Smoothy Reef sandal . I bought my first one in Nordstrom and found them to be so comfortable . By the time I needed to replace them , I could n't find them in any store . Luckily i found them here in Amazon land and all is good again .
 These were a gift and you 'd thought I had them special made ! They are perfect and so comfortable and soft !!
 I 've probably gone through 10-15 pairs of these over the years . I do quite a bit of wade fishing , and I 'm very hard on sandals . I 've tried sandals from every manufacturer out there , and Reef -LRB- fka Reef Brazil -RRB- makes the best sandals . Others will fall apart ; Reefs do not . Almost every pair I 've owned lasted until the soles wore through -LRB- and they have thick soles , at least at first -RRB- . An essential part of any Floridian 's outfit .
 These boots are great , I bought them to go with my halloween costume a while back and now I wear them every time I go out . Its been 7 months now and there still in great condition .
 i love this shoe , i keep ordering the same one because i wear them out , i love them so much ! they are like walking on pillows ! but cute !
 I have these shoes in the black leather and brown plaid and love them both . The buckle is a great touch on a very professional looking shoe . The heel height is great for walking around all day . The toe area seems a little squished at first but conforms to your foot within the first few times of wearing them . Highly recommended !
 These are not the most comfortable shoes I have , but I never fail to get comments on them from anyone who sees them . They are real eye catchers and very fun .
 Got this shoe for my daughter and she wore it every week to church for weeks before getting tired and deciding to switch it up some . This shoe is definitely true to size . The heel is not too high for walking and not too low for those ladies who just need that perfect in between height . The buckle in the front -LRB- at the time -RRB- added a youthful edge to it and my daughter simply loved it.Over a year later , although the shoe has held up considering her constant use , she is not as excited about the style but still commends Nine West for the comfort and sleek look .
 I have this shoe in fuschia , and I LOVE it . Everytime I wear it I get soooo many compliments . I have wide feet and they are so comfy ... which is fantastic . Just do yourself a favor ... get them and add a little punch to a boring work outfit !
 I 've worn earth shoes in the past an have always enjoyed the fit and comfort . These have not disappointed me . They are more of a slip on shoe with laces that are more for looks in my opinion.Comfort is excellent , fit and construction are what I expected ... . I am not disappointed in this purchase an would buy another pair .
 This is the second pair I have owned . The first pair lasted me daily use for 4 years , and I had a job where I walked all day long on concrete , which would make this the most durable shoe I have ever owned , and it 's just a casual shoe . They have not one hole , not one rip , the soles are n't worn out , the laces never broke , the heel did n't give out . These shoes are completely amazing.If you are not used to a shoe with a negative heel , basically it puts more pressure on your heel , and less on the balls of your feet , which is a more natural way to walk . Over time this will make you walk straighter , and make it easy to maintain an upright posture . They do work . They now have begun to claim they make you loose weight by making you walk on a slight incline , you would have to do a lot of walking I think , do not buy these thinking they will make you slim , buy them because it 's a superior quality shoe that looks good and is super comfortable.In the middle of summer , although these are brown , they have tiny slits in the fiber , and a special interior that basically wicks sweat away . I have a problem with sweaty feet . I also do a lot of interaction with the public so I need a dark shoe to look professional . These shoes fit the bill perfectly . Even in full sun , these shoes are better than my white pairs of shoes . They do sell these in white shades too though.The grooves in the sole are amazing , so much so that other shoes feel like blocks of plastic on my feet . These shoes let your feet naturally bend , and the slightly loose toe area lets your toes spread out . It gives you superb balance while walking , turning , and adjusting to unusual terrain that I often accidentally step on in peoples yards.I never had to untie the shoe . The interior material is sturdy and stretchy enough to pop on and off , but it wo n't pop off by itself . It 's just so well designed.If they continue making these I do n't think I will ever buy a different shoe.Also there is no leather , which is good , leather just locks in moisture.In the winter walking through snow , the toes can get wet , that 's the only negative , but I have a lot more problems with foot sweat than snow . In my other shoes for example , vans , sketchers , new balance , colombia , I develop athletes foot , and those shoes with their thick rubber soles serve no purpose other than to lock your foot in an unnatural position .
 MAN , THESE ARE THE BEST SHOES EVER !!! OWN SERVERAL PAIR . BEST ON ANY OCCASION . WEAROUT FAST BUT CA N'T TAKE EM OFF . WOULD RECOMMEND , CHECK EM OUT !
 I love these shoes . Very comfortable . I put them on almost every day when I arrive at work.One drawback would be that they 're not very comfortable to drive it .
 A comfortable and convenient to slip on and off pair of shoes . A little bit plain in design . ` Nuff said .
 I have owned many pairs of this shoe . I have flat feet and bunions and these shoes fit my feet well and are so comfortable . I wash them in my washer and and air dry with a shoe form inside them . They are great !!!
 I absolutely wore my other pair out . I have wide , high arch feet and hard to fit.These are great walking shoes
 This is my second pair of Propet Walkers . I love the velcro closures and the support that these walkers provide . I 've never washed them but like the idea if I ever needed to .
 The shoes were easy to find , were just what we needed , and even arrived a week earlier than had been promised !
 Purchased for a nursing home resident who had totally worn out an exact pair . Perfect ! The resident was delighted ! Thank you .
 These shoes are the best walking shoe . The quality is excellent and always the same . Highly recommend these shoes . An added bonus is the fact that these shoes are quite water proof .
 I rate these with 5 stars because they always fit comfortably from the first day ; I got my first pair of Propet Tour wallkers about 6 years ago and have mainly kept to this style ever since for active walking outdoors . For me , they 're the best !
 I chose Prepet years ago as my everyday shoe . I discarded high heels and snug flats for what my young daughter once called &#34; old lady shoes &#34; . Well , I had begun developing bunions . It is a genetic thing in my family . Guess what?Wearing Propets was just what the doctor ordered . My bunion problem is minor compared to my mother who had to have surgery to cure hers . Ca n't beat that ! I attribute foot health to Prepet styling . Yes
 I bought these shoes for my mum . She has wide feet and has a hard time finding shoes that fit . This pair just made the grade .
 These are excellent shoes - I have purchased the Propet shoes before and they fit very well and are extremely comfortable .
 I got these shoe in black . Great fit and are very comfortable.Lady Darline
 These shoes a nice looking and feel good . I am diabetic and there is plenty of toes room . This also rest my legs which have been operated on because if bad circulation . I would recommend these shoes to anyone who has or does n't have leg and foot problems .
 The sneakers were very comfortable as soon as I put them on . I immediately went for a walk and they felt great . The velcro straps probably could be an eighth of an inch longer to allow for extra tightening , but the shoes looked smart and I received compliments . They seem to be well made and I would buy Propet sneakers again .
 Fabulous sneaker ! I have a hard time finding wide width shoes that fit properly and Propet makes the best of the best for comfort ! Good quality and reasonably priced .
 I really liked this shoe . I did not need to break it in . I used it for walking 4 miles and it was great . It is not heavy and feels very comfy .
 THIS WAS A GREAT BUY . I PURCHASED THESE FOR MY GRANDMOTHER . WE HAD A HARD TIME FINDING SHOES BECAUSE OF THE SWELLING IN HER FEET WHICH CAUSED HER TO BE UNBALANCED . WE TRIED NEW BALANCE AND OTHER BRANDS . WHEN SHE TRIED THESE ON SHE SAID THEY FEEL GOOD THE WIDTH COMFORT AND THE SOFTNESS OR THE SHOE AND ABLITY TO ADJUST THE STRAP WAS GREAT . NOT TO MENTION THE PRICE . I WOULD RECOMMEND THEM ESP FOR PEOPLE WITH FEET ISSUES
 I 've got these shoes in 10EEEE size for Grandma . Her feet and ankles swell with water . She has trouble finding socks that will fit , forget the shoes ! But these ones were different . She easily put her foot in , velcro opened all way up , and first thing she said
 This is my second pair of tour walkers . I find them supportive , comfortable , durable and best of all - - no more untied laces ! I recommend them . -LRB- there is a less rugged version of this shoe , at a lower price point , and I do NOT find it a suitable substitute -RRB-
 Best tennis shoes I 've ever worn . Easy shopping/finding what I wanted . No hassle shipping/paying . Shipped immediately and arrived on stated date . Will buy again .
 I recently tried to purchase the Propet Women 's W3902 Tour Walker Velcro from the store I previously purchased them from and was told they no longer carried this product . I searched and found them at Amazon.com - They have a very comfortable fit and are ideal for me . Best fitting Walker for the money . I love the velcro as it is so easy on and off . Love , Love , Love them .
 After placing my order for these shoues , they arrived very soon.They 're comfortable -LRB- and ideal for me because I have diabetes ; the velcro allows you to adjust the tightness of the shoes -RRB- . Great traction on the bottom . Very nice looking . They appear to be well constructed and should last many years .
 I WAS NOT ABLE TO KEEP THE WALKING SHOE 'S , BECAUSE THEY SEEM TO BE RUNNING A BITNARROWER THAN MY OTHER BRAND OF WALKING SHOES . BUT I DO HIGHLY RECOMMEND THEM.I AM AT AN AGE THAT I PREFER VERY COMFORTABLE WIDTH , AND SUPPORT . LOVED THEVELCRO . KEEP UP THE GREAT PRODUCT , PROPET . SINCERE TRUTHFUL , DH
 Repeat purchase of this particular sneaker . Great support , true to size , and wears for a long time . Propet makes an excellent product and Amazon with the prime account ships it to you fast with no fuss .
 This is a wonderful shoe . I have always had trouble getting comfortable shoes but I really think these are great . The product description exactly matched what I received . The velcrose straps are perfect - I have had a lot of trouble in the past finding shoes with velcrose straps . I have undergone 3 spine surgeries and needed something comfortable that was easy to put on and do up . The shoes arrived in a timely manner and were clean and new . I have to do a lot of walking and have found these shoes to be the best I have experienced . I will definately purchase these again . Thanks for a great shoe !
 Love product . Quick service . Misled by color `` sport white . '' Assumed it was WHITE , turned out to be TANISH color . Had to keep as needed immediately . Otherwise , mostly happy .
 These shoes are wonderful walking shoes . True to size and needs very little break-in . High quality . Very comfortable . Only thing I do n't like is the tongue is a little `` high '' on by ankle , but I 'm getting used to that .
 The Propet Walkers with Velcro closure , are comfortable from the get-go . They do n't need breaking in.They give you stability with each step . The all white color is very clean - looking and the shoes are easy to clean . They come with a 6 month guarantee . You ca n't ask for much more from a shoe than this .
 Just got this shoe and it 's very comfortable , but it 's narrower than I expected . I got a medium , as usual , but it 's too tight -LRB- even without strapping them closed -RRB- so a wide would have been better . I 'm hoping it will stretch .
 This particular style of Propet sneakers is great . I wear them all the time . They are light as a feather on your feet and the velcro tabs are great .
 I have flexible flat feet and tend to pronate . While this shoe is not as good as Brooks Addiction , it is lighter and moves more easily . I only wish I had known it was available in narrow width . I expect that would have made it an even better fit and more help with my pronation problem . It does accept my custom orthotics . I ordered a pair for my mother as well as myself and she loves hers . She has serious mobility problems but these shoes in her narrow width and size 10 make walking much more stable and safe for her . We will certainly order them again . They look good too !
 This is the second pair of this particular shoe I have bought . Roomy and comfortable , and easy on a painful back . Over the last couple of years , the shoes I have picked to buy have been Propet . I did n't try to buy Propet , but they have turned out that way .
 This is a good utility shoe I work on my feet all day and that is what I got them for but I will not ware them for fun . If they hold up I will buy another pair for work .
 I love these shoes . This is the 5th pair i 've bought over the past 3 years . They are wonderful for hiking and very quick and easy to put on . I would highly reccomend them to everyone .
 My Grandma asked me to find a great deal on Propet shoes for her . She has used Propet for many years , mainly because of the ease of the velcro straps and the good support it offers to use with her leg brace . . -LRB- she had a stroke many years ago -RRB- . This is the only shoe my Grandma will purchase and the ones she has last quite some time ... they withstand her unsteady transfers and moving herself about in her wheelchair constantly . Would definitely recommend this shoe to people looking for those qualities .
 This is a quality lightweight shoe . I think you 'd have a hard time finding a shoe of this type , as well made , at any price range . Very comfortable , very stylish .
 If you suffer from plantar faciitis -- these are the shoe for you . Do n't wait until your foot hurts to badly that you can barely walk , like I did . I had to go slowly once I got the shoes to allow the foot to continue healing , but they are definitely part of the process . I like them so much that now I ppurchased a pair of snow boots from the same company because it is important to always now wear footwear that has some orthotic support , otherwise the progress you make is undermined by wearing improper shoes/boots .
 These work perfectly for me , I wear 8.5 XW , have a wide foot with problems from wearing heels all my life.These are perfect for me to add a sock if I want , the velcro is good for me to adjust if my feet are puffy . Getting a pair for my mother at this price .
 I love these shoes . This is my third pair . Each time I order them , they fit great and provide excellent support .
 We have purchased this same shoe for our handicapped adult daughter for years . They have served her well . However , today while travelling to Florida in the rain she complained of a wet sock . We checked her shoe and the bottom had broken into a 3 inch crack . Very disappointing since they were fairly new .
 Have been purchasing Propet products for 2 years now - Love them . Sturdy , comfortable and long lasting . Only grief I have had is the stitches coming loose in the toe area . Very stable when walking . This particular style gets only 4 stars because the tongue seems to ride too high up on the top of the foot , rubbing a bit ; annoying but not to the point of discomfort.Will continue to use Propet as my official work shoe .
 They were what I was expecting . The shoes works well for my older grandma at 93 .
 I bought these for my 93 year old aunt who was being moved from a nursing home to assisted living . She has had problems with swelling in her feet and ankles and needs extra wide shoes . The velcro makes it easy for her to put them on and off , they give good support when she walks with her walker , and she says they feel good .
 I love these sneakers . I wear them walking every day and so far they have n't broken down . I do n't know if they will last a 1,000 miles or not though . If they will just last 6 months , I will be happy ! They are really comfortable and have good toe room but do order wide size if you need the extra width . I ordered some New Balance sneakers at same time I ordered these and they were double the price but I like these much better and the New Balance which were also ordered in wide was just a little too tight in toes . These feel good and you feel like you are just bouncing right along . I wish the straps were just a tad longer but I would n't change them for strings though . A really nice pair of shoes and I 'm getting ready to order another pair for spares !
 I wear a half-size smaller because these shoes come in wide sizes -LRB- i.e they fit -RRB- ! I 'm curious to see how long they will last as they are guaranteed for 1000 miles . Very attractive and comfortable , and reasonably priced . I recommend the quick-adjust velcro for anyone who walks before or after work , or at lunch , or who takes shoes on & off throughout the day .
 THIS IS MY 4TH PURCHASE OF THIS SHOE STYLE . USUALLY THERE IS A NEW SHOE BREAK IN PERIOD BUT WITH THIS SHOE IT 'S COMFORTABLE FROM THE FIRST WEARING UP TO THE FINAL WEARING . I 'M SURE I 'VE PUT MORE THAN THE 1000 MILE GUARANTEE ON EACH OF THE PREVIOUS PAIRS BUT I LIKE THAT THERE IS A WARRANTY ON THE SHOES . AND THE PRICE IS GREAT TOO !
 The shoe itself is comfortable for my long walks and the velcro allows me to make quick adjustments that prevent me from making the shoe too tight .
 I love the shoes , I am a diabetic who has a job that requires a lot of standing and walking . The other reviewrs comments are true and I have to say I was quite surprise with the card that came with the shoes , a warranty ! Anyway they are comfortable even though it looks kind of stiff . Love the style and colors . Going to buy another pair but black . Looking for shoe would highly recommend this product .
 My mom has really wide arthritic feet . She has arthritis in her ankles , feet , knees , 1 hip , and lower spine . I ordered these shoes for her , after trying a large variety -LRB- about 10 other pairs -RRB- of shoes . None of the other styles we tried fit . She either could n't get her foot in , or , in the case of ankle boot styles , they would n't close around her ankles . These were a last resort because she does n't like the tennis shoe look -LRB- she 's 72 -RRB- . Nevertheless , these fit ! Hooray ! They are comfortable and stable . The velcro can be adjusted to different widths . Totally worth the money and true to size !
 I have owned Propet Walkers before . There is nothing like them for comfort and durability . I highly recomend these shows .
 As a nurse at a large and extremely busy hospital Australia , I am extremely happy with my Propet shoes . When I was ordering them I thought `` Well they are not that expensive I can throw them away -LRB- 1 -RRB- if they do n't fit , -LRB- 2 -RRB- if they are tooooooooooo uncomfortable '' . Imagine to my surprise they are both the best fit and most comfortable shoes to wear to work . I will be ordering more . Many thanks to Amazon and Propet shoes . I have also told all my friends about them at the hospital.JanAustrtalia
 I read all the reviews on Amazon 's website about these sneakers and I looked forward to receiving them . Based on the similar shoes I 've had for some time I ordered the same size I 've been wearing . However , these shoes are a little narrower across the toe and they squeezed a little , so back they went ! I would rather have been able to just exchange than to refund and reorder , but I guess Amazon has some reason for that policy . I 'll try again with a half size larger , I guess , although I have n't reordered yet .
 I have bought Propet shoes for years , this is the first of this style I have tried and I have found they are just as good as the others . Propet shoes are comfortable , give good support and last a long time . They are well worth the price .
 I have very flat feet and have to put arch support in my shoes or else I 'm in a lot of pain . After much searching and trying different brands , these are all I wear now . Theywear very good and stay nice looking .
 Because of my left ankle , I must replace shoes once a year . So far these have proven to be the best at giving my ankles the added support that they need . They look so nice and are so comfortable compared to many others . It would be nice if this company made sandles that give that added ankle support .
 I wear 7.5 wide in New Balance . I ordered the 7.5 wide in these , but they are too big . When I wear out these shoes , I 'll buy the size 7 . For now , I guess I have to wear thick socks . Otherwise , they seem pretty comfy .
 This is a good , comfortable sturdy shoe . And it is true to size . I ordered mine a little too big , but since I wear orthodics and with a thick sock , it is OK . I bought it purposely for the winter , so I am glad it has solid groovy soles . It came on time in a box . No problems with shipping . I would recommend this shoe to a friend .
 I love these shoes because they have Velcro straps and are easy to take on and off . They come in wide sizes and are very comfortable
 The quality of this model is much better than their previous Propet Walker -LRB- which was very good -RRB- . My Aunt loves the shoe and its ease of wearing.Amazon 's delivery time was even better than promised.I do wish that a 6.5 C was available .
 This is my second pair of Propet women 's W3902 tour walker velcro sneaker purchased from Amazon . My feet feel so much better after wearing them and the velcro makes it easier than tying because of my hip situation . I would recommend these highly and the price and free shipping is great on your budget .
 These boots are great , I bought them to go with my halloween costume a while back and now I wear them every time I go out . Its been 7 months now and there still in great condition .
 OK . So they may take a few days to get used to . They do make you work your calves . But they have great arch support and are very comfortable . Give them a little while and be rewarded with firmer calves and happy feet .
 This bag is really nice . The only issue is that the handle and bottom are n't made of leather like the rest of it . So , the handle has cracks in it and is falling apart .
 The heel is a nice height , the leather is very soft and these are very very comfortable . Rich colour and I 've worn them to casual and semi casual events . Dress or pants they work very well .
 The fit is amazing and the look is just spectacular . Yet another steal ! Thanks .
 I have looked for these boots since I saw them in Macy 's . In Macy 's department store they priced for double the amount I purchased the boots for on Amazon . Brand NEW !!! I could not have been more pleased . If you are looking for a stylish , sophisticated , and sleek look for the rest of the cold season , definitely purchase these boots . I receive numerous compliments on the boots and the quality is wonderful ! I hope you find this review helpful . Oh , one more thing ... the delivery was very quick and efficient . I had absolutely no problem . The only thing is , you must know your size . I bought a 7.5 , even though I should have bought a size 7 , but they did not have 7s in stock . And they feel great !
 These boots are beautiful , chic , and comfortable . I am terrifically pleased with the color and quality of the leather and fur trim , and with the fine design and workmanship as well.I have purchased Nine West shoes in the past and will continue to do so in the future.Sincerely , Elenore
 I LOVE THEM THEY ARE SO SEXY . I HAVE THE TAN AND THE BLACK AND IF THEY GET MORE COLORS I WILL BUY THEM TOO.THANKS TERRY
 These are definitely comfortable and true to size . I bought the black ones since the they did n't have the tan in my size . I absolutely love them and think they are so stylish , fun and cute ! I 'm glad I got the black ones because they go well with so many outfits . Definitely a keeper !
 These are the best running sneakers I have ever owned ! I could go for miles in them !
 Great shoe - but not standard sizing . I usually wear a 41 which is typically a US 10 -- but on the Earth shoe box the sizing states that a US 10 equals 42 . So I guess they run true to size as stated on the Earth shoebox , but the conversion is not standard and hence runs small .
 Honestly , I could n't care less about the toning and calorie burning -LRB- regardless of whether it 's just a marketing gimmick or not -RRB- . What I care about is the health of my feet and legs . Since I have a chronic case of runner 's knee -LRB- even though I no longer run -RRB- , I had pretty much resigned myself to knee pain when I did workouts heavy on squats and lunges . No more !! I have been absolutely amazed by how much better these shoes have made me feel . The negative heel forces me into proper form in squats and lunges , and I am now able to do side squats with weights with barely any discomfort . In fact , the first day I wore them was a day on which I had terrible knee pain while just walking around in my normal sneakers -LRB- which are a good brand -RRB- . I switched into these Earth shoes and could n't believe the difference - no knee pain at all . Walking in them feels like walking on springy moss.I am in love with these shoes and highly recommend them . I have two other pairs of Earth shoes as well and they are also fabulous .
 I wore these from the moment I opened the package . I went out for a 5 mile walk and then a 2 mile jog later in the day . I am used to working out pretty hard every day , but I could tell that these were working muscles that I usually have to focus on individually to work them out well . My calves and gluteus maximus let me know that they were worked out ! I love these shoes and wear them every day . It may take a day or two to get used to the fact that you need to balance to wear them -LRB- that 's how you get the extra workout -RRB- but your body will adapt immediately and you 'll be used to it . Here 's to extra-productive walks , jogs and workouts in 2010 !
 These are good shoes that will save your feet lots of trouble . They will accommodate inserts such as orthotics if you need to use them . They do not , as the copywriter suggests , `` feel like going barefoot '' -- they are a bit warm in summer as closed leather shoes tend to be . They are well made and give your foot plenty of support where it is needed . You 'll notice they mostly come in colors suitable for nurses , but I am not a nurse , so I wear the black ones and sometimes children see my feet in bathroom stalls and think a man is there ! What I 'm trying to say is , while these shoes look quite respectable , they are not very feminine . However , if you get foot problems from less structured shoes as I did , these are great .
 These sneakers are lightweight and havewonderful cushioning . I wear them all the time , and have two pairs so I can switch between them.They are excellent walkers .
 We bought these shoes for my 85 year old mother . She really likes them alot . And they look nice with her outfits she wears . They help her to be more stable on her feet and not trip . They also protect her feet from rocks and dirt .
 I had knee surgeries on both knees in the 1970 's when large segments of cartilage were removed compared to the minimally invasive surgery today . Because of this , I have to be very careful of the shoes I wear.What is required is a shoe with lots of padding and support . Wearing the Softspots Marathon allows me to have a pain-free day . If you have knee pain , you will not go wrong with the Marathon .
 These are the best running sneakers I have ever owned ! I could go for miles in them !
 These are the best running sneakers I have ever owned ! I could go for miles in them !
 These are the best running sneakers I have ever owned ! I could go for miles in them !
 These are the best running sneakers I have ever owned ! I could go for miles in them !
 These are the best running sneakers I have ever owned ! I could go for miles in them !
 When my daughters coach said these were the competition shoes she was not happy . She has had issues with this style of shoe each time she has had them . Turns out she loves these !!! She said they are super confortable . She often chooses to complete her solo 's in this shoe as opposed toher previous favorite .
 My 8-year old has tried on many shoes and this is the only one she will wear . She likes the elastic on the side rather than on top , as she says it feels better . An the Bloch shoe seems to have a deeper arch . But beware
 I got these for my 13 year old daughter who has a long , slender foot . She wanted to send them back because they were too tight in the toe area . Luckily before I wasted my money on return postage I found a suggestion that said to place a wooden spoon inside the shoe to stretch it out to fit better in the toes . Since these type of dance shoes are supposed to fit snug ordering a larger shoe size is n't recommended . This will most likely result in the shoe being loose and not as good for dance class/practice . The wooden spoon trick worked and my daughter loves these shoes . Worth the extra price spent for a good shoe that will last .
 This is a well-made shoe that has a great fit and durability due to it 's combination of leather and lycra . I was disappointed to learn that this shoe is being discontinued .
 These are the best running sneakers I have ever owned ! I could go for miles in them !
 I 'm just now buying another pair of these shoes . I hunted high and low for a pair of black ballet flats and these fit perfectly . I can wear them to work or with jeans . . I 've worn them out wearing them so often . For some reason I 'm a half size lower than my usual size in these shoes so you might want to guess low on the sizes .
 These are the best running sneakers I have ever owned ! I could go for miles in them !
 I got this as a gift for my husband . Everyday he comes home talking about how comfortable these shoes are .
 These are very comfortable shoes , hold up well to the snow here in Wyoming . Somehow , the seam that goes around the upper border of the toe box makes them look a little cheap . Otherwise , these are really very comfortable . I can wear these for 14 - 16 hours in a day and my knees and feet are not aching at the end of the day so I am willing to accept however they look for that reason alone .
 Bought these for walking trade shows and work days , but good for casual evenings too.Very comfortable and nice looking .
 Suffering from real foot pain due to years of working on my feet . Tried &#34; Rockports &#34; which were n't bad , but would regularly cause blistering or hot spots . These shoes are probably the best I 've worn for comfort . I bought a brown and black pair and wearing them daily to work has completely eliminated the sharp pains I 'd occasionally get in my feet . The manufacturer seems to use high quality material both inside and out . I think you will be pleased with these shoes if you work in a professional environment but need that extra support for long hours on your feet . Great buy !
 excelentes zapatos , lo recomiendo 100 % , son muy comodos , la compra se realizo sin problemas y el envio fue inmediato no duden en comprarlo
 Excelente producto y por eso es la calificacion que le otorgo al vendedor y tambien fue entregado en el tiempo estipulado . Los recomiendo 100 %
 This is my clarks 's shoe.I like it , it 's fit for my foot and comfortable.it 's worth to buy it.I think that i &#34; ll buy it next time .
 I THINK THAT THIS IS LEGEND AND IT IS VERY COMFORTABLEI LIKE IT AND ITS VERY NICE THANK FOR ALL
 They are much lighter than they look which was a surprise and a good one . They are very comfortable . I looked and looked and could not find any shoes like this . The Chukas were too heavy and bulky .
 I bought tbese for my dad who is suffering with severely swollen feet and legs . He has been to several stores trying to find a pair that are wide enough and has not had much luck . I got these in the extra wide size and he is just thrilled to have a pair that actually fit and look good .
 excellent craftsmanship
 This is an excellent pair of shoes that will last . The sole -LRB- heel section -RRB- of my current pair is about half worn -LRB- but still very wearable -RRB- , but get this , this is after 7 years of almost daily wear , including long walks along the Vegas strip in various types of terrain . If I do n't look at the shoe bottom , my current pair is still looking new , since this pair of shoe is easy to keep looking new with only simple occasional maintenance -LRB- I clean and polish with some brown oil only once every few months -RRB- . It is also very stain resistant , as on a couple of occasions I got it dirty with a few scratches and I thought the shoe is now looking worn , but after cleaning and polish , they turn beautiful again and the scratches disappeared . I was amazed ! I even went out and bought a 2nd pair for future replacement , as I 'm very picky about my shoes . If you want a pair of shoes that looks descent and will last , then you should n't go wrong with this .
 I bought these shoes for my husband because he goes through shoes so quickly . He had a pair of these several years ago that he would still be wearing except our pomeranian chewed them up . Most shoes we buy him , even expensive name brands , seem to fall apart after just a few months . These shoes however last for years and are really comfortable . They are definitely worth the price .
 My husband has had a pair of these shoes in the past and really liked them . They size well , wear well , and are comfortable from Day one . Amazon outdid themselves with their pricing and very quick delivery ; ahead of schedule . Paperwork was enclosed in case there needed to be a return , but these were absolutely what was described and what my husband ordered . We would use them again !
 Previously purchased this same Clark 's Portland Oxford model several years ago . They were getting a little worn so I purchased this new pair . Hope that when the new pair gets worn out Clark will still have this model available . Its comfortable and well made . It is great value for the money .
 This shoes is beautifull , very comfortable , very flexible , leather genuine.Me encanta este zapato , es muy comodo , muy flexible y puro cuero de verdad.Clarks = Confortable
 I bought almost the exact same Clark 's shoe years ago , It lasted forever until the outside soles finally wore down . The upper body is still ok.Its comfortable and sturdy with a good fit . Good price as well .
 Cowboy boots do not fit the bottom of my foot , the shoe platform and insoles do on these shoes . So I wear them to do cowboy chores in and they have taken the abuse of work boots . More comfortable than any boots . Cowboys say the fit of the shoes to the hoof is very important.Sore hooves , no horse . Same with our feet!It 's all about COMFORT and DURABILITY .
 these shoes are very comfortable , the quality is excellent , the size was perfect and the shipping was very fast , I am very pleased and would definitely go back to trust this brand
 fue una buena esperencia de haber echo negocio con ustedes y espero que sigamos haciendo negocio , el producto es bueno la talle fue exacta tonto que lo seguire comprando
 That shoos one of the best I buy ever high quality almost I have it more than 24monthe and stile in good shape .
 Comfortable . lives up to the reviews although probably the plainest -LRB- ugly -RRB- Clarks I have ever bought . And good value . If you just want a comfortable pair of shoes to walk in these will do it . I have had problems in my feet and frankly Clarks walking shoes mean that do n't have to spend money on orthopedic shoes .
 I like them . They are a little dorky looking but perfect for work . Very comfortable and great price , i recieved them on the earliest possible date , which was great !
 I love these shoes ! First , they are comfortable . I stand for most of the day , and the souls of these shoes are made perfectly , such that I can stand without leg aches . They are also comfortable when you are walking . The second great thing about these shoes is that they look good . They are in that range between casual and dress shoes . You would not wear them with a suit , but they are great with a pair of pressed slacks and a dress shirt . Finally , they last . The shoes are well made and do n't fall apart . The other thing I love about these shoes is that they come in Narrow . I have a narrow foot , and it is very hard to find narrow shoes . This is the best pair of shoes I have been able to find that come in narrow .
 Very well made and seem durable . I would like to inform those of you with flat feet that the portland oxford has a very high arch support insert . I 'm 100 % flat and these shoes are impossible to wear with the inserts that are provided . I replaced them with a set of the leading tennis shoe inserts and now it 's the perfect shoe !!! I 'll probably order the black in the near future .
 Excellent shoes , very confortable and they look good . Exactly what you would expect from clarks . Would recomend them to anyone looking for a light and confortable everyday shoe .
 I must admit , that I do n't have that many shoes , but have more than I need . I 've had these over a year now and do n't use them as much as I wanted to , because they are not the best looking -LRB- or probably not my favorite ones -RRB- . However , they do not look bad at all -LRB- they are just not trendy , but hey
 I live and work in New York City , which is a walking city . I work for a non-profit at the United Nations , so I need a shoe that is comfortable and appropriate for work at the United Nations . This is my new favorite shoe . It fits well . I got a 10 N. Most shoes no longer come in narrow sizes , so it is a real treat to have a shoe that actually fits my feet . It is comfortable , durable and looks great . Could n't ask for more . I 've tried many shoes looking for the perfect shoe for me . I 've had this pair for over a month and I 've found my perfect shoe for both walking and business .
 First time I tried on Clarks . Very nice looking shoe . Extremely comfortable right out of the box . Soft leather , padding below the ankles very soft . Only problem was the sizing is generous . Have to return the shoes but ordered one half size smaller . Liked them to much not to try again .
 Well made comfort shoesLike - Thick soft leather . Does not require wearing in - Very comfortable . Fits like a glove on day one - rubber sole has very good grip - leather is breathable - non leather material around collar makes it very comfortable for long walks . Good design . - leather is darker than pic . makes it suitable for business casual . Looks very good with jeansDislike - rubber on the heel has a very very slight hardness to it if you tend to land hard on your heel when you walk . Suspect because of the extra thick rubber padding at the heel for added durability - front design of shoe is a little flat and old school - retro `` grandpa shoes '' ; -0 ConclusionThis shoe runs half size big I think . Typical Clarks . I purposely bought my usual size so that I can add in an extra insole . It fits perfectly even with the insole.One of the most comfortable shoes I 've ever bought . Great Clarks design and quality .
 I received the shoes that fit what I saw in the picture when I decided to buy them . for which I am happy with my product and I recommend buying it !
 A great pair of shoes . The most comfortable pair of shoes I have ever owned
 Man , these shoes are comfortable , right out of the box . Similar shoes I have tried poach my feet ; these are comfortable after 8 hours on the job . I got really annoyed trying to find a wide shoe at all the usual places . `` These run wide '' they 'd say . I do n't need something that `` runs wide '' pal , I need a wide shoe . As a bonus , I found a place called Resole America that refurbishes Clarks , and have a had a pair of Clarks loafers resoled twice . There is n't a stitch out of place on them after five years . Great product .
 I received this shoe from UPS and very happy with it . This shoe was well made and comfortable . Only one thing that it made in china , so how long does It last I really do n't know . I will very happy if it made in england ... never , so sad .
 It iw a very good product i hope i has more less prices to make big market every where as it is very compfort , some of my friend will buy soon.thanks
 I have been wearing these Clark 's Portland Oxfords almost every day year round for the past 3 or so years and they seem to last forever . I recently bought a new pair only because of concerns that the style might be discontinued some day when they do finally wear out . Unlike many things being sold today , Clarks brand although a little pricey , are well worth the extra few dollars as they last forever and are extremely comfortable too .
 muy buen producto . rapido facil y a tiempo la entrega . sin contratiempos en todo el proceso . lo recomiendo a a
 Tremendo zapato Clarks entrega rapida buen precio comodo y de buen material se recomienda el producto saludos desde Venezuela ...
 There was absolutely no complaints involving this product.The quality is top of the line!Now this product was shipped way to the Caribbean , it came wonderfully packaged and intact.I would suggest this product to anyone who 's looking to invest in great quality at and affordable prices .
 este producto esta bien en la condiciones esperadas , entrega por el vendedor a tiempo , sin ning&uacute;n problema segun lo requerido gracias , lo recomiendo .
 This pair of shoes is very comfortable and met my expectations . The photos however does not show exactly how the shoe looks and feel .
 Why oh why did they discontinue this shoe . What a great basic shoe for everyday . I replaced it with a J&M shoe which i got a great deal on because i work with them on some things and it is a good shoe but not exactly what i liked like this one is .
 Excellent fit , no breaking in , just put on a go . They are like walking on pillows , ca n't wait to but another pair of Clark 's .
 I ordered this as a replacement for a pair I wore out . It took me several years to go through the first pair . These feel good but may not be as sturdy as my old ones . I 'm going to give them a few miles test walk then may go up to the 5 stars .
 Im on my feet all day on concret floors . The shoes carks are like walking on air ... I would buy them again for my next pair of shoes in the furture ... Eric Philadelphia Prison
 I am very happy !! i do n't have any problem , everything is okey , i recommend , i got this item at time
 I was looking for a strong pair of shoes that would be worth investing in . Look no further . I trusted the ` Clarks ' brand and i was duly rewarded . This shoe is waterproof to an amazing extent . It also has nice stitches on it that hold it together very well unlike other shoes which use glue . the insides are made for comfort and really take good care of your feet on long working / active days ... I can attest to that , I 'm a high school teacher .
 They are so comfortable that they feel like tennis shoes to me . The actual color is darker than what they appear online .
 I have had these shoes for about a year now & they have been wonderful . Very comfortable & despite heavy use , they have held up well . Great if you do a lot of walking .
 I grew up wearing Clarks shoes . And had forgotten how comfortable they actually are . Well , i received my shoes today , put them on , and was immediately reminded . These shoes are terrific ! Amazon should have a category for people who are thoroughly satisfied with any given product . For anyone looking for total comfortability and style , you can not -LRB- repeat , CAN NOT ! -RRB- go wrong with these shoes . I was so satisfied , i purchased another pair -LRB- different kind though -RRB- . Amazon gets props for such a speedy delivery.Tarikh Bandele .
 Shoes arrived quickly . Bought husband 's regular size and they fit very well . Sturdy , strong leather . Very good arch support . Good heel height , very comfortable . Would buy them again .
 I have been wearing this for quiet sometime now . About 4 + yrs . . on and off It felt like tennis shoes from day one and still is.I always wanted to buy an ECCO Men 's Track II . I had tried the Ecco -LRB- my firend 's -RRB- but to tell the truth , these shoes are even better . I have worn it to showel snow and in hot sun . They are the best shoes so far I ever had . Good to see that it is still in the market without any design change . If at all the current pair wears out , without wasting time I will repeat the purchase : -RRB-
 I meant to try these on for a few minutes , but had them on for an hour because I kept forgetting to take them off . Usually I ca n't wait to take off a pair of new shoes . I 'm impressed .
 These shoes are nice to wear , leather is supple and appears to be good construction . Although I wish it was made in the U.S.A. it is made in vietnam . The sole comfort on your feet is not the best , ok i guess but i think dockers are more comfort . Perhaps it has to do with the outer rubber sole ? These have a sort of V design tread which is kinda weird to have as far as everyday shoe . More flat designs are more comfortable . Improvements Needed
 These shoes are one of a very few I have been able to wear all day without a break-in period .
 These are great looking shoes that are very comfortable to wear . For the price , you just ca n't beat them . They can be worn in the office or in a more casual setting . They are so good , I am ordering a second pair .
 The shoes are excellent and very comfortable . I have been using them for a week since they arrived and they fit like a pair of gloves .
 I bought these shoes , mainly for work . They look good with jeans , and I was getting tired of the adolescent look of my Vans . They 're comfortable to wear , they have a soft sole that does n't make hardly any sound when you 're walking , even on hard floors . I do n't know why I like that , but maybe you do too !
 I have an extra wide foot and a job that requiresme to be on my feet a good deal . These shoes havebeen remarkable . Like wearing slippers .
 These shoes were on sale and were a good buy ! Comfortable and good looking I 'm pleased with the purchase .
 The leather is soft . Materials are high quality . Craftsmanship is perfect . The bottom is like sport shoes , but the top is like dress shoes . I can wear it with jeans , khaki or even slack pants . But the best of all is that I can walk all day long at work without hurting my feet .
 Those pair of shoes are so comfortable , i just need one of this kind to care my feet .
 What else to say ? Good value for this decent brand . Comfortable and true to size . Flawless delivery , too .
 Good quality , but not true to size :--LRB- My husband usually wear sise 11W , but this item - Clarks Men 's Portland Oxford , Black Leather , 11 W - bigger ...
 we recently brought these shoes from amazon and they are great comfortable shoes to wear . The postage and packing was good as well and arrived about the time they said they would . will definitely buy agagin
 This is a good conservative shoe for wearing to work . The leather is soft and the stitching is consistent . The tab in the back makes it easy to pull the shoes on if you have n't loosened the shoelaces totally . So far there are no visible scuffs after about 10 wears .
 I bought these Portland shoes in brown because they look classier than the other pair I was considering , the Rockport World Tour , which look okay in black but does n't cut it in brown for anything much more than casual dress . But since I do own the Rockport 's in black and chocolate nubuck , I can make some comparisons to the Clark 's . The Rockport 's are lighter and slightly more comfortable thanks to the softer leather and cushier sole . However despite their firmer sole the Clark 's are still very comfortable in their own right , and I experience no problems even after hours of walking , it 's just that the Rockport 's are like walking on a cloud versus the firmer feel of the Portland . Another difference is the removable insole - the Rockport 's is thin and cheap versus the Clark 's thicker and more supportive unit . Though I had to replace it with my custom orthotic -LRB- which has less padding -RRB- , I suspect that if you have normal feet , leaving the stock insole in place would go a long way to countering the hard sole.Despite the sport-stripe loop at the heel of the Portland , the shoe is classy enough to be worn with anything less than a suit , whereas the Rockport 's are slightly more casual . So , if you favour class go with the Clark 's ; if you want comfort above all go with the Rockports .
 The shoes were just what i was looking for i think clark has stopped making that model shoe received the shoes in a couple of days great service
 I am addicted to Clarks shoes . I was looking for a strong pair of shoes that would be worth the money . Look no further , this pair is durable and really care for my foot . The shoes is very comfortable specially when wearing it for long hours , and they fit my foot perfectly.Another thing , is the price . I got this shoes after paying a visit to my local `` Clarks '' labeled store to find the same shoes on display for approx 170 $ in Dubai !! And that was it for me . I managed to get the shoes shipped to me and the total cost -LRB- including shipping -RRB- was less than half the price of my local store .
 This is the second pair I 've ordered , and that in itself should say something . I 'm on my feet almost all day four days each week , and a car accident left me with a bad back . Together , these two things could be a disaster , but the shoes have made all the difference . They 're comfortable and supportive , they cushion your feet against the hardest surface , and they actually look pretty good . I 'll buy a third pair when the time comes if they keep making the shoes this well !
 First shoes i ever ordered online and i 'm happy with the purchase . Shoes are very comfortable , not stiff leather . I 'm just happy to find the shoes that fit my personal style and my size !
 My husband says these are comfortable , but is a little less enthusiastic about them than the other Clark 's I 've bought him . I purchased three pairs of Clarks at the same time , all on sale , and the other two fit better while this pair ran a little large . He wears them , but not very often , because they feel too big .
 Very comfortable . Light weight , water resistant . I ordered the extra wide . It 's a bit wider than the normal W size . I should order the regular one instead . Overall , it 's very good .
 Clarks shoes are the best , stylish , comfortable , fashionable , for any occasion . used for all types of terrain and climate . my husband prefers all the features mentioned above . I recommend it . thank you very much
 son excelentes , c&ograve;modos y de gran uso . dese que los tengo los uso casi siempe y estan como nuevos , sobretodo la zuela
 Es de muy buena calidad y comodidad . Realmente comodos y el color es muy fino . Visten muy bien . Precio razonable con respecto a la calidad .
 This is the second pair of these shoe I have bought . I bought these because the first pair felt comfortable all day . I stand and walk about 75 % of the day . These shoe maybe just a little heavier than some walking shoes but you will enjoy them .
 VERY COMFORTABLE , GOOD LOOK , AND WARM SHOES , RECOMMEND , MOSTLY FOR THE PRICE . FIT TO SIZE . IT IS VERY GOOD!THANKS .
 These business casual shoes do n't scuff even if you drag your feet , and are very light and comfortable . I would buy them again !
 I purchased this pair of Clark 's shoes for a two week vacation through Eastern Europe . They were a very good choice indeed . They were low impact and really comfortable due to the high quality insoles , medium grade leather and great construction . This pair of shoes took me from Prag in the Czech Republic , Minsk Belarus , Riga Latvia , Kiev Ukraine and then to Milan Italy . I have only one reservation about this shoe . They squeek like rubber duckies due to the soft plastic like inserts under your heals . This is a top notch stylish product . Do n't pass them up.Alan Light
 Estoy muy contento con mis nuevos zapatos . Estoy ansioso por las nuevas rebajas de Clarks
 I had this shoe for 2 years and are very comfortable.Wore them for Beach , play and lot of things.Now colour is slowly coming out . I can polish and wear them again .
 I 've been buying the same Oxford shoe for years . If you want a good walking shoe that is comfortable and looks good the Portland Oxford is the one you want . I wear the heals out after a year but I walk about 7 miles a day in all types of weather -LRB- rain , snow ... etc -RRB- . The only thing I do n't like is they are made in Vietnam , I wish they made them in the USA .
 It is comfortable , great for outdoor . But it is a little biger than its size . And overall the shoe is quite heavy .
 My husband has been very pleased with these shoes .
 These are the best running sneakers I have ever owned ! I could go for miles in them !
 Great strappy , sexy shoe . Actually very comfortable and walkable for the heel height . Lots of compliments .
 These are the best running sneakers I have ever owned ! I could go for miles in them !
 These are the best running sneakers I have ever owned ! I could go for miles in them !
 These shoes run a full size to big . Otherwise I like the look and comfort .
 These are the best running sneakers I have ever owned ! I could go for miles in them !
 These are the best running sneakers I have ever owned ! I could go for miles in them !
 A great fit . Comfortable . Easy care.Con
 I have worn this style of Easy Spirit shoe for many years . I 'm so thankful that it has n't chaged . It 's stylish , yet very comfortable and gives my feet excellent support . I thoroughly recommend it .
 Having been an Easy Spirit fan for many years , I 'm always looking for less-than-full price shoes . These `` Motion '' have been a consistently good buy , a great value shoe that holds up well , comfortable , polishes like new , and never separates at the seams . I wear the newest ones for outings , the older ones for around the house , the oldest ones for the garden . But I always watch for when they go for less than full price ... because I know I will get great , consistent shoes .
 My order was processed and shipped in amazing time . Thanks so much for your 5 Star Service
 This is a great shoe for me . It is light weight yet supportive . It looks dressier than I expected , which I am very pleased about .
 These are the most comfortable shoes if you are on your feet all day . They look good and fit so well .
 I love these shoes , well made , comfortable and nice looking . I expect them to last me a good long time .
 Like all Easy Spirit Shoes , these are great . Order arrived a few days after placing the order . High quality shoes at a great price .
 I know I wear these shoes more often than I should , there are days when I should probably wear dressier shoes , but I wear one of my pairs of Easy Spirit Motions Sport Lace-ups everyday because they are so comfortable . They seem quite durable too .
 The shoe runs narrow . The inside label says both &#34; B &#34; and &#34; D &#34; , B is printed on top of a line and D is printed underneath . I do n't know what that means , I ordered D width , but they seem to be a B width by appearance . HOWEVER , they are very comfortable anyway on my wide feet ! They are well-made and quite attractive , I can wear them with nice dresses/skirts . I am going to order more .
 OK . I have been wearing this style of shoes for decades . Decades ! You do n't go back time and again to buy a shoe that is n't comfortable , long wearing , and a good value.One reason I keep coming back to this style of shoe is it looks very nice and neat . It does n't look weird . So many shoes look just awful and I ca n't imagine how anyone could wear them . I call them chunky-clunks as they do n't look feminine in the least.These shoes come in many colors -LRB- I usually buy a neutral color -RRB- and everyone should be able to find a color they like . I 've worn them in the rain and have had no trouble with them -LRB- not talking about floods here . -RRB- All in all , I recommend this style of shoes .
 This is the 3rd pair of Easy Spirit Walkers I 've owned ... and have worn out the first two ! The new ones carried me happily all over Boston on a recent vacation and not a single complaint ! These are the most attractive walking shoes I 've seen or worn
 Easy Spirit 's Motion Sport Lace Up shoes :1 . Provide all day comfortable -LRB- sometimes you forget you have them on -RRB- .2 . Come in great colors .3 . May resemble ` old lady ' shoes -LRB- not meaning to be offensive -RRB- . Yet they match just about anything you wear -LRB- casual or business -RRB- .4 . Last a very , very long time . I am still wearing several pairs I bought five-six years ago and have n't had a problem yet .5 . Come in a large variety of sizes .
 These shoes are extremely comfortable . I have several pairs in different colors and wear them all the time .
 I love these shoes ! I have bought several pairs in different colors . They are as comfortable as atheltic shoes but much more stylish . But beware -- they run small ! I normally wear a size 6.5 , but I have to order a size 7 with these .
 What a pleasure to walk all day in a stylish flat that also offers cushioning and good support and not have to wear clunky running shoes with skirts . I broke several bones in my right foot four years ago and ca n't wear heels . I also have narrow feet . Well , this is the first shoe I 've been able to wear all day and still feel stylish without breaking the bank . I bought them in every color , including metallic silver and gold ! A shoe for all seasons : -RRB-
 The shoes have cushion where needed which makes it a very comfortable shoe for walking . They are also very good when you have to be standing for a lenghth of time . I would recommend this shoe for people who have to be on their feet -LRB- working/standing -RRB- for a long period of time .
 I brought this for my Mother . She loves the shoes . This is the only place I could get them . Her Christmas was made by receiving this product .
 I found these to be a perfect fit . They are very comfortable and great for those long shopping trips . Look very nice with both casual dress and jeans .
 Finding these shoes on Amazon were like winning the grand prize in a raffle.My mother is 91 yrs . old and sent me on a ride visiting Easy Spirit stores totry and locate these shoes in this particular color to replace an older pair.I did not find these in any store . I decided to check Amazon and was nicelysurprised to find them . She is so happy and they are comfortable.Best part is making your mother happy , thank you Amazon .
 I have worn Easy Spirit shoes for many years and find them comfortable and durable . I have had ongoing back problems , and find these shoes to help lessen back pain .
 Easy Spirit shoes of all types are unquestionably the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn . I recently bought 5 different types of shoes and they are all fantastic . I have medical issues that make it difficult for me to wear shoes of any kind . Easy Spirit allows me to walk like I have n't for several years . Quality and comfort are fantastic .
 I purchased these for my mother and she was happy with the color and the size . Thank you very much .
 I always liked the Easy Spirit shoes.These are very comfortable and a good buy.I may order another pair in a different color.I would recommend them to anyone who wants a comfortable shoe .
 This is a wonderful shoe . I had a hard time finding it until I went to Amazon and there it was . They are so comfortable and I feel safe in them as there is good support .
 I love my Easy Spirit Women 's Motion Fitness Casual Crocs . My feet are grateful for the caressing of these shoes . I no longer need to hurry home as I have comfort for the day . Thank you !!
 I have used Easy Spirit when I show my dogs for several years . They are light weight and have good traction when moving my dog . I wore my last pair for several years until my new puppy chewed them .
 These are the most comfortable shoes ever made and they look very conservative . I have them in several colors because they look good with slacks or skirts . They hold up well with everyday use and are lightweight so they pack well . If you try one pair , you keep coming back to them for your basic wardrobe .
 I purchased these shoes to wear for casual wear with my jeans when I did not want to wear my regular walking shoes . They are cute , stylish and comfortable for everyday wear , not recommended for heavy walking .
 I have had over 10 pairs of easy spirit shoes and have these in two colours . I have high insteps , high arches and hammertoes ... and these are still comfortable . The support is not as good as in their running and training shoes , yet plenty good for walking long distances and taking public transport daily .
 I got this pair of Easy Spirit shoes to replace my previous pair of Easy Spirit lace-ups , which had been my favorite pair of casual shoes for the past 15-20 years -LRB- I know , hard to believe they lasted that long - Easy Spirit is a great brand ! -RRB- . My new brown leather lace-ups are well-made , stylish , and very comfortable . If you 're looking for sharp-looking shoes that are easy on the feet for long periods of wear , I 'd say go for these !
 I have bought Easy Spirit shoes for years , so I knew the quality of this product . I was not disappointed . Shoes arrived in reasonable time , in perfect condition . Color and size as requested . Only wish I could get some other colors at this GREAT rate !
 Love the shoes . I have this shoe in 5 colors . When I wanted a third WHITE pair could not find them on line at J. C. Penney 's as I have in the past and could not find the white shoes on line at Easy Spirit . Amazon directed me to Shoemall.com where they had this shoe in about 18 different colors . Thank you Amazon !
 I got these for my 93 year old mother who still walks for exercise . She has an extremely hard to find shoe size -LRB- 8 AAAA -RRB- and this is almost the only shoe made in that size any more so we are lucky to be able to buy it for her . She has these in several colors and finds them comfortable to wear every day , all day .
 Love these shoes - could not find them in ther stores in my area . They hae every color but white . Have a pair but they are really old and wanted a pair that looked nicer . The shoes are comfortable and they look a little more dressy than the normal tennis shoe . Paid a little more than the price at our stores but , they are worth the extra cost .
 I love Easy Spirit walking shoes . They are n't a sneaker and do n't look like one but that is what they feel like - very comfortable !
 I love these shoes . I work in a place that has a professional dress code and I ca n't wear sneakers or shower type shoes . Recently my company instituted a fitness/walking program of 10,000 steps a day . The floors in my building are hard stone/granite and can be slippery when the humidity is high , so I needed a shoe with a rubber sole , looked professional and gave support and comfort ... this shoe fit the ticket . The shoes are comfortable , very lightweight , well constructed and good value for my money . I would recommend them to anyone who walks or are on their feet a large percentage of the day.I 'm thinking of getting another pair in an alternative color . I have seen these shoes in various mail order catalogs for about $ 10.00 more than from Amazon -LRB- and the vendor -RRB- .
 I love these shoes . Have been wearing them for years and hope Easy Spirit does not EVER stop making them ! Great support for tired feet !
 I have a very narrow foot and I need shoes that I can put an orthotic in . Easy spirits work well for me . I love this color . It gives me a lift and I do n't feel quite as dowdy as usual !
 FOR ME , THE EASY SPIRT `` MOTION '' SHOE IS T_H_E PERFECT SHOE . I am unable to wear heels , -LRB- long story -RRB- -- but these shoes , which lace up as in any true oxford , have a streamlined look that many other oxford shoes today , burdened as they are with extra outside padding , do not . The result is , that this is indeed a SLIM , WALKING shoe , not a bulky sports shoe . It is as neat and pretty as any woman 's oxford shoe can be.This is a very , very comfortable shoe . It is not quite accurate to say it is like walking on air -- but it IS as comortable as a shoe can be , I believe , without going to the expense of custom-made shoes.When a shoe comes in many , many colours , you KNOW it has to be a GOOD shoe . Because so many people are buying it , the manufacturer can afford to branch out and make it in many different colours . For a very long time , I happily wore the WHITE color of this shoe , whilst my mom wore the WHEAT colour . We were both very happy with them!Then , I saw in a well-known catalogue , that they are available from the store associated with that catalogue , -LRB- on special order only -RRB- , in G O L D colour ! And not just a `` goldEN '' colour -- but a true , gold foil colour ! And at the same price as all the other colours ! All that `` special ordering '' the gold -LRB- foil -RRB- shoes , was to wait a few weeks longer.I have now worn the -LRB- shiny ! -RRB- gold -LRB- foil -RRB- colour of Easy Spirit `` Motion '' shoes for a few years . I have gotten several very nice complimnts on them as well ! And no wonder -- they look almost like golden-colour `` bronzedd '' baby shoes , or , are somewhat similar to the sheen in Princess Elizabeth and Princess Margaret 's flat pumps , in the famous `` double negative '' picture , by Marcus Adams -- taken in Buckingham Palace , with their mother , father , and corgi dog . The picture is in black and white , so I have no idea if the Princesses wore gold or silver pumps in it . But -- the foil-bright SHINE is the same ! In the words of the classic song ... '' Oh ... dem golden slippers ... ! ''
 Like all Easy Spirit shoes , this pair was well-made . I had to return the pair because the shoe was too small . Although I wear a 6.5 in other Easy Spirit styles , this shoe was too short . You may want to order a half-size larger if you order this style .
 The shoes were perfect but my Mother needed a 9.5 N and the shoe came in as a 9N and I had to return it . It cost me $ 15.00 to return the shoe and I wanted the right size but I received the credit for the shoes only on my credit card but not for the shipping either way ! So I was n't happy and probably wo n't use this service again.Thanks , kathy
 My feet are hard to fit , but I find this shoe comfortable and it provides good support . I 'm glad it is still available .
 I used to buy these shoes 15 years ago -- their quality has not changed . Still a good fit & made very well .
 I wanted a pair of comfortable walking shoes to use on a trip . I frankly hate the clunky , chunky , clumsy Frankenstein-like clodhoppers that seem to be ubiquitous in every store I visited looking for a simple fashionable walking shoe.I did n't think `` fashionable '' and `` comfortable '' were mutually exclusive ! I finally found these Easy Spirit shoes , and they were exactly what I was looking for.Easy Spirit shoes are light , airy , comfortable and go perfectly with jeans or chinos . They are water-resistant as well , so I had no worries about wearing them in rainy weather either . Love 'em .
 I have been wearing this style for years at work where I am always on my feet . I was unable to find them at the Easy Spirit outlet but got them here no problem
 I LIKE THESE SHOES THE STYLE AND WEAR IS VERY COMFORTING . THEY CAN BE DRESS DOWN AND UP IN WHAT EVER YOU WEAR .
 These shoes are one of the most comfortable I have ever worn . They hold up very well . I have been buying them for years . It was great to find them on line because not every store carries them . I do n't know why .
 This is the third pair of Easy Spirit Motion shoes I 've bought . They are so comfortable and support my feet . I wear them to work and they look great with slacks . These shoes are very sturdy and well made as well as comfortable . I heard that Easy Spirit is discontinuing this style . I hope it is n't so !
 I have had several pair of these in the last 25 years or so . These are so comfy , no break in time required . I 'd like to see more fashion colors , though . I 'd love to have pairs in turquoise , bright yellow , orange , kelly green , hot pink , etc. . I wear these with slacks and tailored skirts , even certain dresses . They are very soft and comfy , durable , and make your foot look very small . I ca n't recommend them strongly enough to anyone who needs to be on thier feet a great deal , or who has foot problems , or who simply wants a sturdy-but-stylish walking shoe .
 My 94 year old Mom loves these shoes and they are almost impossible to find in the store . She as several colors of this style . Her feet are now smaller so we needed to adjust the size . Could not find them in regular stores . Mom loves the comforrable fit and they are safe for her to wear .
 I have worn Easy spirit Women 's shoes for years and they are really a good shoe.Gives good support and always fits well .
 Easy Spirit Women 's Motion Sport Lace UpThese are comfortable , casual shoes . They look dressier than most sport walking shoes and look good with better quality pants . However , I would not wear them to an exercise class .
 I have a difficult time finding shoes that will work for me . Most stores do not carry fashionable women 's shoes in wide widths . I am enjoying this pair of Easy Spirit Shoes in the color red . I would purchase these again without hesitation .
 These boots are great , I bought them to go with my halloween costume a while back and now I wear them every time I go out . Its been 7 months now and there still in great condition .
 I got this shoe a few months ago when it was $ 79.95 with free shipping . I noticed it is now $ 89.95 which is still $ 10 off retail . I highly recommend this shoe for summer play , but summer play only . I live in The Bay Area so the courses here are relatively dry . There are slots in the bottom , back , and sides of this shoe for the `` Climacool '' feature . It allows air to circulate inside the shoe which is supposed to keep your feet dry . It all depends how hot your feet get and do n't expect it to keep your feet perfectly dry . It did a pretty good job though of keeping my feet comfortable . However , water and mud will seep right through so watch your step if you are playing in the early morning , after the course has been watered , or in early Spring . Otherwise , this shoe is great . It is great looking , VERY light , and extremely comfortable . Plus it uses the common Fast Twist style cleat which my other Adidas shoes also use . 5 Stars !
 My 9 year daughter started horse riding lessons and these were the boots we chose to start with . They are very `` pretty and really cool '' she states . I absolutly agree . They are comfy , long-lasting and affordable as well . The silver toe tip gives the boot great style . Thumbs up for this product !
 This is our third set of boots for our 3 1/2 year old . She loves them and they looked great at the horse show .
 Bought these boots for my grandson who is 11 , just loved them ! He wears them to school , and at home . Really nice boots ! Thanks for making my grandson a happy one !
 My son received this boots as a Christmas present . All I can say is , he loves them .
 Ordered these boots for my daughter last Christmas and she loved them . They were a nice looking boot for the money . Unfortunately they were too small and I had to send them back .
 They are nice boots they fit my daughter just great . She wears them with pride and looks good at her horse shows , they go great with her outfit .
 Have You Tried To Get Cowboy Boots Off A Three Year Nephew ? I Had To Chase Him Down And Hold Him Down To Get The Boots Off And Then Avoid Getting Attacked By Him And His Plastic Bat.Two Days Straight With Them On Was Enough For Him . He Had To Wear Them To Bed , Lunch , And Outside In The Backyard.Thanks For The Boots And Be Ready For Another Order .
 Got them for my daughter -- in black . She loved them . We bought a size bigger than normal . They are roomy , but they fit .
 A beautiful pair of boots . I can not wait to see my son 's face when he sees them ! They really are the genuine artical . Keeping everything crossed that I have got the size right ! Had to convert from UK to USA and then go up a size . These boots would make any young man -LRB- or girl -RRB- who dream of the Wild West , feel like they have made it !
 Very comfortable , look a bit racy with their bronze patent leather -LRB- albeit with low heel -RRB- . I wear them often .
 These boots are great , I bought them to go with my halloween costume a while back and now I wear them every time I go out . Its been 7 months now and there still in great condition .
 I did n't buy these from Amazon but I was looking on line for the best price I could get for them . The first pair I bought was back in '95 for $ 10.00 on clearance . These are by far the best and most durable hanging around town loafers for summer I have ever owned . I have gotten them soaked , run over , covered in mud and they kept coming back . I hate a pair of shoes that the insole comes apart after wearing them once or twice and these lasted over ten years . A quality product . They finally fell apart in 2007 and I was reluctant to let them go but it was best ... these have to be the flagship of the company and I hope they never go out of style or become obsolete . I bought my latest pair for $ 60.00 with free shipping and I am completely satisfied .
 My husband is picky about his shoes , really loves these , and has been wearing this specific style for several years . They are not just for boats ; he wears them practically every day and says that they do grip well , especially on wet areas . With daily use , he gets about two years ' wear out of one pair . He wore the ice color for several pairs but just tried the oatmeal and thinks that this color is better because it will not show dirt and scuffs as much . He likes the style , fit and comfort of this particular model , and they run true to size . We had been purchasing them directly from Shoebuy , but I noticed recently that they are available now from this vendor through Amazon .
 these shoes have become my favorites - they are so comfortable to wear . i wear them everywhere , to the beach , to drive , to work , etc.you will not be disappointed .
 I originally ordered these as a kind of sandal replacement . I traditionally wore sandals most all the time , but started a job that prevented this from continuing . I heard good things about Sperry and decided to give them a shot . These shoes are great ! It did not take long for them to be broken in and they are comfy enough to wear on most occasions . I have worn them for extended periods of walking , which is not advised . I do not really hold this against the show as it is not designed for the use . The only negative that I see after a month and a half of use is that there seems to be a bit of staining the the leather on the straps to the shoes in areas that are tucked away , and not much maintenance information is provided with the shoe .
 These get more and more comfortable as you wear them.I 've worn mine for over 3 months and I have had not one discomfort while wearing them . These look so amazing too.I have n't regretted not even once buying these shoes , although I bought these from Amazon.com and the price dropped about $ 15 since then ... : | I 'd probably buy another one once these are all worn-out .
 I received this product very quickly and would buy from this vendor again in the future .
 This is the second pair of these shoes that my husband has purchased . This new and improved model is even better than the old version . He LOVES these shoes . He has been wearing them almost exclusively for about two years . They are sturdy , well made , long lasting , comfy , breathable , eco-friendly , light weight , and they go with all his nerdy casual clothes . He even wears them to work -LRB- he works at the Apple store -RRB- . When he is not wearing his Sanuks , he says his feet feel like they are encased in a coffin . When this pair wears out , he will very likely replace them with the same shoe .
 I already owned a pair of Sanuk Sandals which were very comfortable . I wanted another pair and found these and the great price on Amazon . The only issue was in looking at the picture I believed this particular product was a little something different as far as the color was concerned . It was not what I expected , but all in all I was happy with the purchase for the price and the color was acceptable . I just wish the color was more representative of what the product actually was .
 I bought the Sanuk Men 's Drifter Sandal Shoe and it 's been great . It 's a good casual summer shoe -LRB- or enclosed flip-flop , call it what you want -RRB- . The uppers are breathable and ventilated canvas and the sole is the spongy flip flop material . Basically , it 's like not wearing a shoe at all - great for city sidewalks or summer/vacation wear . And yes , you can lose the flip flops and still go out to dinner without reminding yourself of the ` real ' world by putting on the old oxfords . You do n't need to travel with `` shoes '' if you bring your Sanuks .
 It looks like a shoe , but they call it a sandal . Honestly , it 's like walking barefoot . These are the most comfortable things I 've ever put on my feet .
 These boots showed up super quick -LRB- I 'm Navy stationed in Japan -RRB- for an online order . Sized a teeny bit big for a 9 , but after wearing them a few times , and the leather broke in and formed to my foot , I could n't even tell . With a little bit of black polish these can go from a casual everyday boot to a fancier night-time going out sort of boot . Their super comfortable , and after 3 or 4 nights of wearing them , the leather was broken in and fully pliable . The goring on the sides has stayed tight , and the soles are tough and durable . Overall , 5 stars !
 These boots are the most comfortable shoes . They are like wearing sneakers . Go a size bigger than your normal shoe size .
 got this for my BF and he really likes it . It is nicer quality than all the other boots he has . Although he did buy the uggs -LRB- one with lining -RRB- which I assume he will wear for the winter . It 's sexy without being too flashy . It 's classy with a touch of edge . Looks great with a good polish and perfect for fancy jeans .
 I 'm in my 50 's , and have never worn high heels . Never ! But I have an occasion coming up where I need some dressy shoes , so I tried these . I have one pair of Rockport dress shoes , and know how comfortable they are . Wow , I ca n't believe how comfortable these sandals are right out of the box ! They are true to size , have a nice sole that is n't slippery , and the straps are truly buttery soft . I wo n't get aching feet or blisters wearing these . And they are very smart looking . I bought them in silver , which is a soft metalic grey . I believe in taking care of my feet and only wear comfortable shoes . I ca n't believe how women can torture their feet for the sake of fashion . So I finally found a pair of heels I can actually wear .
 After spending too much time in high heels , I came across my first pair of Rockport at a mall , tried them on and wore them more than any other shoe until I wore them out . I was glad to see that they increased their line of design for the working executive woman without making it look like an old person 's shoe .
 These high-heels are pretty comfortable for what they are -- some cushion , non-slip soles , and soft straps . I did n't have any problem with the ring -LRB- could n't even feel it -RRB- . Nice !
 If you 've ever owned a pair of Rockport shoes , you 'll know what I mean when your hear comfort and light . These shoes can be dressed up or down and are so comfortable . These are similar to Rockport 's Avian shoe -LRB- about 2 years ago -RRB- style . If you 're on your feet all day and need a shoe that can be dressed up with slacks or down with jeans -- look no further .
 My 9 year daughter started horse riding lessons and these were the boots we chose to start with . They are very `` pretty and really cool '' she states . I absolutly agree . They are comfy , long-lasting and affordable as well . The silver toe tip gives the boot great style . Thumbs up for this product !
 This is our third set of boots for our 3 1/2 year old . She loves them and they looked great at the horse show .
 Bought these boots for my grandson who is 11 , just loved them ! He wears them to school , and at home . Really nice boots ! Thanks for making my grandson a happy one !
 My son received this boots as a Christmas present . All I can say is , he loves them .
 Ordered these boots for my daughter last Christmas and she loved them . They were a nice looking boot for the money . Unfortunately they were too small and I had to send them back .
 They are nice boots they fit my daughter just great . She wears them with pride and looks good at her horse shows , they go great with her outfit .
 Have You Tried To Get Cowboy Boots Off A Three Year Nephew ? I Had To Chase Him Down And Hold Him Down To Get The Boots Off And Then Avoid Getting Attacked By Him And His Plastic Bat.Two Days Straight With Them On Was Enough For Him . He Had To Wear Them To Bed , Lunch , And Outside In The Backyard.Thanks For The Boots And Be Ready For Another Order .
 Got them for my daughter -- in black . She loved them . We bought a size bigger than normal . They are roomy , but they fit .
 A beautiful pair of boots . I can not wait to see my son 's face when he sees them ! They really are the genuine artical . Keeping everything crossed that I have got the size right ! Had to convert from UK to USA and then go up a size . These boots would make any young man -LRB- or girl -RRB- who dream of the Wild West , feel like they have made it !
 The color is better than ever expected , it 's just so buttery ! Speaking of buttery also describes the softness of the leather ... oh good grief . Oh so comfortable and look great with slacks , capris or jeans !
 AK Anne Klein Women 's Newlan MoccasinMy favorite work shoes . True to size , beautiful flat . I love them and plan to buy additional colors !
 I bought this shoe because I needed an inexpensive pair of white flats for graduation and this shoe was right up my alley , not only are they cute and comfortable but the price is right . I would recommend this shoe to anyone who wants a comfortable , cute affordable pair of white shoes .
 These shoes fit true to size and feel like butter the moment your feet go in . I got the white and are so cute and my god are the comfortable!Am buying more colors now !
 Bought 2 pairs of the above shoe . Very comfortable . I have narrow feet so its a smige wide but can hardly tell . Definitely keeping it . Great price . Would definitely buy again !
 Nice shoes well made good price and comfortable . Glad I bought them and still happy three years later ! I would recommend them ! ~
 Nice shoes ! They are very stylish and comfy and I got them for a great price !
 I bought these for my niece and wished they had a size in pink for my daughter too . The shoes are really cute and I believe a little one should be comfy in them . The price was just great ! Thanks !
 I love these shoes . I wish they had them in my size ! Worn over 6 months and they still look good . Very easy to put on-which is a plus in my book
 Loved these shoes and they fit for a long time . Very durable and they were easy to get on and off . Did n't scuff , even for a crawler .
 I think SR did a great job on these shoes . My boys learned to walk in these , and I think they did real well stabilizing their ankles . The shoes washed nicely , hid dirt , and overall looked quite handsome on as well . Oh , and very easy to slip on and off !!
 I got these shoes from Amazon . They were way cheaper getting them from Amazon than in store at strite rite shoes . These shoes are wonderful . They are so comfy and my son loves them .
 I really like these shoes ! I just bought them at a local retail store and was looking on here to see if I could find them cheaper . I 've always loved Asics running shoes because they are so comfortable on my feet . But the main problem with my old Asics is they 're dorky looking for casual wear . These new casual style of Asics fit my feet like my old shoes and actually look great too ! They are very lightweight and almost feel like I 'm not even wearing shoes . Unlike running shoes , these are very thin and offer very little little support . Lots of shoes make my feet look big , but these make my feet look sleek . Workmanship appears good but I do n't think they will last as long as other shoes because they are so thin . Normally I would n't pay $ 70 for casual shoes but I did this time because these are so comfortable and good-looking . If you like Asics running shoes but want something better looking , I highly recommend these shoes!Update 10-2009Well I 've had these shoes over 5 years now and they are still in good shape . Granted I do n't wear them on a daily basis any more but I was really surprised how well they held up given how thin they are . Hope I can find another pair once these finally do break down ...
 My 9 year daughter started horse riding lessons and these were the boots we chose to start with . They are very `` pretty and really cool '' she states . I absolutly agree . They are comfy , long-lasting and affordable as well . The silver toe tip gives the boot great style . Thumbs up for this product !
 This is our third set of boots for our 3 1/2 year old . She loves them and they looked great at the horse show .
 Bought these boots for my grandson who is 11 , just loved them ! He wears them to school , and at home . Really nice boots ! Thanks for making my grandson a happy one !
 My son received this boots as a Christmas present . All I can say is , he loves them .
 Ordered these boots for my daughter last Christmas and she loved them . They were a nice looking boot for the money . Unfortunately they were too small and I had to send them back .
 They are nice boots they fit my daughter just great . She wears them with pride and looks good at her horse shows , they go great with her outfit .
 Have You Tried To Get Cowboy Boots Off A Three Year Nephew ? I Had To Chase Him Down And Hold Him Down To Get The Boots Off And Then Avoid Getting Attacked By Him And His Plastic Bat.Two Days Straight With Them On Was Enough For Him . He Had To Wear Them To Bed , Lunch , And Outside In The Backyard.Thanks For The Boots And Be Ready For Another Order .
 Got them for my daughter -- in black . She loved them . We bought a size bigger than normal . They are roomy , but they fit .
 A beautiful pair of boots . I can not wait to see my son 's face when he sees them ! They really are the genuine artical . Keeping everything crossed that I have got the size right ! Had to convert from UK to USA and then go up a size . These boots would make any young man -LRB- or girl -RRB- who dream of the Wild West , feel like they have made it !
 I really like these shoes ! I just bought them at a local retail store and was looking on here to see if I could find them cheaper . I 've always loved Asics running shoes because they are so comfortable on my feet . But the main problem with my old Asics is they 're dorky looking for casual wear . These new casual style of Asics fit my feet like my old shoes and actually look great too ! They are very lightweight and almost feel like I 'm not even wearing shoes . Unlike running shoes , these are very thin and offer very little little support . Lots of shoes make my feet look big , but these make my feet look sleek . Workmanship appears good but I do n't think they will last as long as other shoes because they are so thin . Normally I would n't pay $ 70 for casual shoes but I did this time because these are so comfortable and good-looking . If you like Asics running shoes but want something better looking , I highly recommend these shoes!Update 10-2009Well I 've had these shoes over 5 years now and they are still in good shape . Granted I do n't wear them on a daily basis any more but I was really surprised how well they held up given how thin they are . Hope I can find another pair once these finally do break down ...
 I had surgery on my right foot and needed a pair of shoes after the swelling had gone down that would n't cause my foot to swell up again . These shoes were great from the minute I put them on my feet.I am now able to wear any kind of shoe but I still favor these .
 I love this slip on . For a classic comfort brand , this shoe is very stylish for the workplace . I wish they would make more of these !
 I was cautious in `` breaking in '' this shoe for fear of toe problems from another shoe brand . However , there was no problem with breaking in THIS shoe . Definitely will stick with the Ozweego Classic . Very lightweight , stylish but most of all COMFORTABLE .
 I was cautious in `` breaking in '' this shoe for fear of toe problems from another shoe brand . However , there was no problem with breaking in THIS shoe . Definitely will stick with the Ozweego Classic . Very lightweight , stylish but most of all COMFORTABLE .
 I was cautious in `` breaking in '' this shoe for fear of toe problems from another shoe brand . However , there was no problem with breaking in THIS shoe . Definitely will stick with the Ozweego Classic . Very lightweight , stylish but most of all COMFORTABLE .
 I was cautious in `` breaking in '' this shoe for fear of toe problems from another shoe brand . However , there was no problem with breaking in THIS shoe . Definitely will stick with the Ozweego Classic . Very lightweight , stylish but most of all COMFORTABLE .
 While I ca n't vouch for the actual product -LRB- the shoes we ordered ended up being unavailable -RRB- , this company had wonderful customer service . When the order was identified as being unable to be filled , we received a very nice personal call explaining . These days that is very rare . Usually you receive a blanket e-mail with not much information . Kuddos to Diva Girlz for keeping things personal and being responsible.Will definitely seek them out as a customer again .
 This shoe is elegant and comfortable . The picture does not lie . The light gold is perfect if you are looking for a shoe that is not too gold . Well worth the price , and it looks very expensive .
 The Senegal is another stylish Ben Sherman shoe , which are terrific for large foot sizes due to their light weight . The only problem is that they are not good for a lot of walking as the heel padding simply is n't enough .
 THIS IS MY 4TH PURCHASE OF THIS SHOE STYLE . USUALLY THERE IS A NEW SHOE BREAK IN PERIOD BUT WITH THIS SHOE IT 'S COMFORTABLE FROM THE FIRST WEARING UP TO THE FINAL WEARING . I 'M SURE I 'VE PUT MORE THAN THE 1000 MILE GUARANTEE ON EACH OF THE PREVIOUS PAIRS BUT I LIKE THAT THERE IS A WARRANTY ON THE SHOES . AND THE PRICE IS GREAT TOO !
 The shoe itself is comfortable for my long walks and the velcro allows me to make quick adjustments that prevent me from making the shoe too tight .
 I love the shoes , I am a diabetic who has a job that requires a lot of standing and walking . The other reviewrs comments are true and I have to say I was quite surprise with the card that came with the shoes , a warranty ! Anyway they are comfortable even though it looks kind of stiff . Love the style and colors . Going to buy another pair but black . Looking for shoe would highly recommend this product .
 My mom has really wide arthritic feet . She has arthritis in her ankles , feet , knees , 1 hip , and lower spine . I ordered these shoes for her , after trying a large variety -LRB- about 10 other pairs -RRB- of shoes . None of the other styles we tried fit . She either could n't get her foot in , or , in the case of ankle boot styles , they would n't close around her ankles . These were a last resort because she does n't like the tennis shoe look -LRB- she 's 72 -RRB- . Nevertheless , these fit ! Hooray ! They are comfortable and stable . The velcro can be adjusted to different widths . Totally worth the money and true to size !
 I have owned Propet Walkers before . There is nothing like them for comfort and durability . I highly recomend these shows .
 As a nurse at a large and extremely busy hospital Australia , I am extremely happy with my Propet shoes . When I was ordering them I thought `` Well they are not that expensive I can throw them away -LRB- 1 -RRB- if they do n't fit , -LRB- 2 -RRB- if they are tooooooooooo uncomfortable '' . Imagine to my surprise they are both the best fit and most comfortable shoes to wear to work . I will be ordering more . Many thanks to Amazon and Propet shoes . I have also told all my friends about them at the hospital.JanAustrtalia
 I read all the reviews on Amazon 's website about these sneakers and I looked forward to receiving them . Based on the similar shoes I 've had for some time I ordered the same size I 've been wearing . However , these shoes are a little narrower across the toe and they squeezed a little , so back they went ! I would rather have been able to just exchange than to refund and reorder , but I guess Amazon has some reason for that policy . I 'll try again with a half size larger , I guess , although I have n't reordered yet .
 I have bought Propet shoes for years , this is the first of this style I have tried and I have found they are just as good as the others . Propet shoes are comfortable , give good support and last a long time . They are well worth the price .
 Because of my left ankle , I must replace shoes once a year . So far these have proven to be the best at giving my ankles the added support that they need . They look so nice and are so comfortable compared to many others . It would be nice if this company made sandles that give that added ankle support .
 I wear 7.5 wide in New Balance . I ordered the 7.5 wide in these , but they are too big . When I wear out these shoes , I 'll buy the size 7 . For now , I guess I have to wear thick socks . Otherwise , they seem pretty comfy .
 This is a good , comfortable sturdy shoe . And it is true to size . I ordered mine a little too big , but since I wear orthodics and with a thick sock , it is OK . I bought it purposely for the winter , so I am glad it has solid groovy soles . It came on time in a box . No problems with shipping . I would recommend this shoe to a friend .
 I love these shoes because they have Velcro straps and are easy to take on and off . They come in wide sizes and are very comfortable
 The quality of this model is much better than their previous Propet Walker -LRB- which was very good -RRB- . My Aunt loves the shoe and its ease of wearing.Amazon 's delivery time was even better than promised.I do wish that a 6.5 C was available .
 This is my second pair of Propet women 's W3902 tour walker velcro sneaker purchased from Amazon . My feet feel so much better after wearing them and the velcro makes it easier than tying because of my hip situation . I would recommend these highly and the price and free shipping is great on your budget .
 These work perfectly for me , I wear 8.5 XW , have a wide foot with problems from wearing heels all my life.These are perfect for me to add a sock if I want , the velcro is good for me to adjust if my feet are puffy . Getting a pair for my mother at this price .
 This particular style of Propet sneakers is great . I wear them all the time . They are light as a feather on your feet and the velcro tabs are great .
 I have flexible flat feet and tend to pronate . While this shoe is not as good as Brooks Addiction , it is lighter and moves more easily . I only wish I had known it was available in narrow width . I expect that would have made it an even better fit and more help with my pronation problem . It does accept my custom orthotics . I ordered a pair for my mother as well as myself and she loves hers . She has serious mobility problems but these shoes in her narrow width and size 10 make walking much more stable and safe for her . We will certainly order them again . They look good too !
 This is the second pair of this particular shoe I have bought . Roomy and comfortable , and easy on a painful back . Over the last couple of years , the shoes I have picked to buy have been Propet . I did n't try to buy Propet , but they have turned out that way .
 I love these shoes . This is the 5th pair i 've bought over the past 3 years . They are wonderful for hiking and very quick and easy to put on . I would highly reccomend them to everyone .
 My Grandma asked me to find a great deal on Propet shoes for her . She has used Propet for many years , mainly because of the ease of the velcro straps and the good support it offers to use with her leg brace . . -LRB- she had a stroke many years ago -RRB- . This is the only shoe my Grandma will purchase and the ones she has last quite some time ... they withstand her unsteady transfers and moving herself about in her wheelchair constantly . Would definitely recommend this shoe to people looking for those qualities .
 This is a quality lightweight shoe . I think you 'd have a hard time finding a shoe of this type , as well made , at any price range . Very comfortable , very stylish .
 If you suffer from plantar faciitis -- these are the shoe for you . Do n't wait until your foot hurts to badly that you can barely walk , like I did . I had to go slowly once I got the shoes to allow the foot to continue healing , but they are definitely part of the process . I like them so much that now I ppurchased a pair of snow boots from the same company because it is important to always now wear footwear that has some orthotic support , otherwise the progress you make is undermined by wearing improper shoes/boots .
 A comfortable and convenient to slip on and off pair of shoes . A little bit plain in design . ` Nuff said .
 I love these shoes . This is my third pair . Each time I order them , they fit great and provide excellent support .
 We have purchased this same shoe for our handicapped adult daughter for years . They have served her well . However , today while travelling to Florida in the rain she complained of a wet sock . We checked her shoe and the bottom had broken into a 3 inch crack . Very disappointing since they were fairly new .
 Have been purchasing Propet products for 2 years now - Love them . Sturdy , comfortable and long lasting . Only grief I have had is the stitches coming loose in the toe area . Very stable when walking . This particular style gets only 4 stars because the tongue seems to ride too high up on the top of the foot , rubbing a bit ; annoying but not to the point of discomfort.Will continue to use Propet as my official work shoe .
 They were what I was expecting . The shoes works well for my older grandma at 93 .
 I bought these for my 93 year old aunt who was being moved from a nursing home to assisted living . She has had problems with swelling in her feet and ankles and needs extra wide shoes . The velcro makes it easy for her to put them on and off , they give good support when she walks with her walker , and she says they feel good .
 I love these sneakers . I wear them walking every day and so far they have n't broken down . I do n't know if they will last a 1,000 miles or not though . If they will just last 6 months , I will be happy ! They are really comfortable and have good toe room but do order wide size if you need the extra width . I ordered some New Balance sneakers at same time I ordered these and they were double the price but I like these much better and the New Balance which were also ordered in wide was just a little too tight in toes . These feel good and you feel like you are just bouncing right along . I wish the straps were just a tad longer but I would n't change them for strings though . A really nice pair of shoes and I 'm getting ready to order another pair for spares !
 I wear a half-size smaller because these shoes come in wide sizes -LRB- i.e they fit -RRB- ! I 'm curious to see how long they will last as they are guaranteed for 1000 miles . Very attractive and comfortable , and reasonably priced . I recommend the quick-adjust velcro for anyone who walks before or after work , or at lunch , or who takes shoes on & off throughout the day .
 I bought these shoes for my mum . She has wide feet and has a hard time finding shoes that fit . This pair just made the grade .
 These shoes a nice looking and feel good . I am diabetic and there is plenty of toes room . This also rest my legs which have been operated on because if bad circulation . I would recommend these shoes to anyone who has or does n't have leg and foot problems .
 The sneakers were very comfortable as soon as I put them on . I immediately went for a walk and they felt great . The velcro straps probably could be an eighth of an inch longer to allow for extra tightening , but the shoes looked smart and I received compliments . They seem to be well made and I would buy Propet sneakers again .
 Fabulous sneaker ! I have a hard time finding wide width shoes that fit properly and Propet makes the best of the best for comfort ! Good quality and reasonably priced .
 I really liked this shoe . I did not need to break it in . I used it for walking 4 miles and it was great . It is not heavy and feels very comfy .
 THIS WAS A GREAT BUY . I PURCHASED THESE FOR MY GRANDMOTHER . WE HAD A HARD TIME FINDING SHOES BECAUSE OF THE SWELLING IN HER FEET WHICH CAUSED HER TO BE UNBALANCED . WE TRIED NEW BALANCE AND OTHER BRANDS . WHEN SHE TRIED THESE ON SHE SAID THEY FEEL GOOD THE WIDTH COMFORT AND THE SOFTNESS OR THE SHOE AND ABLITY TO ADJUST THE STRAP WAS GREAT . NOT TO MENTION THE PRICE . I WOULD RECOMMEND THEM ESP FOR PEOPLE WITH FEET ISSUES
 I 've got these shoes in 10EEEE size for Grandma . Her feet and ankles swell with water . She has trouble finding socks that will fit , forget the shoes ! But these ones were different . She easily put her foot in , velcro opened all way up , and first thing she said
 This is my second pair of tour walkers . I find them supportive , comfortable , durable and best of all - - no more untied laces ! I recommend them . -LRB- there is a less rugged version of this shoe , at a lower price point , and I do NOT find it a suitable substitute -RRB-
 Best tennis shoes I 've ever worn . Easy shopping/finding what I wanted . No hassle shipping/paying . Shipped immediately and arrived on stated date . Will buy again .
 I recently tried to purchase the Propet Women 's W3902 Tour Walker Velcro from the store I previously purchased them from and was told they no longer carried this product . I searched and found them at Amazon.com - They have a very comfortable fit and are ideal for me . Best fitting Walker for the money . I love the velcro as it is so easy on and off . Love , Love , Love them .
 I WAS NOT ABLE TO KEEP THE WALKING SHOE 'S , BECAUSE THEY SEEM TO BE RUNNING A BITNARROWER THAN MY OTHER BRAND OF WALKING SHOES . BUT I DO HIGHLY RECOMMEND THEM.I AM AT AN AGE THAT I PREFER VERY COMFORTABLE WIDTH , AND SUPPORT . LOVED THEVELCRO . KEEP UP THE GREAT PRODUCT , PROPET . SINCERE TRUTHFUL , DH
 Repeat purchase of this particular sneaker . Great support , true to size , and wears for a long time . Propet makes an excellent product and Amazon with the prime account ships it to you fast with no fuss .
 This is a wonderful shoe . I have always had trouble getting comfortable shoes but I really think these are great . The product description exactly matched what I received . The velcrose straps are perfect - I have had a lot of trouble in the past finding shoes with velcrose straps . I have undergone 3 spine surgeries and needed something comfortable that was easy to put on and do up . The shoes arrived in a timely manner and were clean and new . I have to do a lot of walking and have found these shoes to be the best I have experienced . I will definately purchase these again . Thanks for a great shoe !
 Love product . Quick service . Misled by color `` sport white . '' Assumed it was WHITE , turned out to be TANISH color . Had to keep as needed immediately . Otherwise , mostly happy .
 These shoes are wonderful walking shoes . True to size and needs very little break-in . High quality . Very comfortable . Only thing I do n't like is the tongue is a little `` high '' on by ankle , but I 'm getting used to that .
 The Propet Walkers with Velcro closure , are comfortable from the get-go . They do n't need breaking in.They give you stability with each step . The all white color is very clean - looking and the shoes are easy to clean . They come with a 6 month guarantee . You ca n't ask for much more from a shoe than this .
 Just got this shoe and it 's very comfortable , but it 's narrower than I expected . I got a medium , as usual , but it 's too tight -LRB- even without strapping them closed -RRB- so a wide would have been better . I 'm hoping it will stretch .
 I have very flat feet and have to put arch support in my shoes or else I 'm in a lot of pain . After much searching and trying different brands , these are all I wear now . Theywear very good and stay nice looking .
 These are excellent shoes - I have purchased the Propet shoes before and they fit very well and are extremely comfortable .
 I got these shoe in black . Great fit and are very comfortable.Lady Darline
 I have owned many pairs of this shoe . I have flat feet and bunions and these shoes fit my feet well and are so comfortable . I wash them in my washer and and air dry with a shoe form inside them . They are great !!!
 I absolutely wore my other pair out . I have wide , high arch feet and hard to fit.These are great walking shoes
 This is my second pair of Propet Walkers . I love the velcro closures and the support that these walkers provide . I 've never washed them but like the idea if I ever needed to .
 The shoes were easy to find , were just what we needed , and even arrived a week earlier than had been promised !
 Purchased for a nursing home resident who had totally worn out an exact pair . Perfect ! The resident was delighted ! Thank you .
 These shoes are the best walking shoe . The quality is excellent and always the same . Highly recommend these shoes . An added bonus is the fact that these shoes are quite water proof .
 I rate these with 5 stars because they always fit comfortably from the first day ; I got my first pair of Propet Tour wallkers about 6 years ago and have mainly kept to this style ever since for active walking outdoors . For me , they 're the best !
 I chose Prepet years ago as my everyday shoe . I discarded high heels and snug flats for what my young daughter once called &#34; old lady shoes &#34; . Well , I had begun developing bunions . It is a genetic thing in my family . Guess what?Wearing Propets was just what the doctor ordered . My bunion problem is minor compared to my mother who had to have surgery to cure hers . Ca n't beat that ! I attribute foot health to Prepet styling . Yes
 After placing my order for these shoues , they arrived very soon.They 're comfortable -LRB- and ideal for me because I have diabetes ; the velcro allows you to adjust the tightness of the shoes -RRB- . Great traction on the bottom . Very nice looking . They appear to be well constructed and should last many years .
 I brought this for my Mother . She loves the shoes . This is the only place I could get them . Her Christmas was made by receiving this product .
 I found these to be a perfect fit . They are very comfortable and great for those long shopping trips . Look very nice with both casual dress and jeans .
 Finding these shoes on Amazon were like winning the grand prize in a raffle.My mother is 91 yrs . old and sent me on a ride visiting Easy Spirit stores totry and locate these shoes in this particular color to replace an older pair.I did not find these in any store . I decided to check Amazon and was nicelysurprised to find them . She is so happy and they are comfortable.Best part is making your mother happy , thank you Amazon .
 I have worn Easy Spirit shoes for many years and find them comfortable and durable . I have had ongoing back problems , and find these shoes to help lessen back pain .
 Easy Spirit shoes of all types are unquestionably the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn . I recently bought 5 different types of shoes and they are all fantastic . I have medical issues that make it difficult for me to wear shoes of any kind . Easy Spirit allows me to walk like I have n't for several years . Quality and comfort are fantastic .
 I purchased these for my mother and she was happy with the color and the size . Thank you very much .
 I always liked the Easy Spirit shoes.These are very comfortable and a good buy.I may order another pair in a different color.I would recommend them to anyone who wants a comfortable shoe .
 This is the 3rd pair of Easy Spirit Walkers I 've owned ... and have worn out the first two ! The new ones carried me happily all over Boston on a recent vacation and not a single complaint ! These are the most attractive walking shoes I 've seen or worn
 Easy Spirit 's Motion Sport Lace Up shoes :1 . Provide all day comfortable -LRB- sometimes you forget you have them on -RRB- .2 . Come in great colors .3 . May resemble ` old lady ' shoes -LRB- not meaning to be offensive -RRB- . Yet they match just about anything you wear -LRB- casual or business -RRB- .4 . Last a very , very long time . I am still wearing several pairs I bought five-six years ago and have n't had a problem yet .5 . Come in a large variety of sizes .
 These shoes are extremely comfortable . I have several pairs in different colors and wear them all the time .
 I love these shoes ! I have bought several pairs in different colors . They are as comfortable as atheltic shoes but much more stylish . But beware -- they run small ! I normally wear a size 6.5 , but I have to order a size 7 with these .
 What a pleasure to walk all day in a stylish flat that also offers cushioning and good support and not have to wear clunky running shoes with skirts . I broke several bones in my right foot four years ago and ca n't wear heels . I also have narrow feet . Well , this is the first shoe I 've been able to wear all day and still feel stylish without breaking the bank . I bought them in every color , including metallic silver and gold ! A shoe for all seasons : -RRB-
 The shoes have cushion where needed which makes it a very comfortable shoe for walking . They are also very good when you have to be standing for a lenghth of time . I would recommend this shoe for people who have to be on their feet -LRB- working/standing -RRB- for a long period of time .
 This is a great shoe for me . It is light weight yet supportive . It looks dressier than I expected , which I am very pleased about .
 These are the most comfortable shoes if you are on your feet all day . They look good and fit so well .
 I love these shoes , well made , comfortable and nice looking . I expect them to last me a good long time .
 Like all Easy Spirit Shoes , these are great . Order arrived a few days after placing the order . High quality shoes at a great price .
 I know I wear these shoes more often than I should , there are days when I should probably wear dressier shoes , but I wear one of my pairs of Easy Spirit Motions Sport Lace-ups everyday because they are so comfortable . They seem quite durable too .
 The shoe runs narrow . The inside label says both &#34; B &#34; and &#34; D &#34; , B is printed on top of a line and D is printed underneath . I do n't know what that means , I ordered D width , but they seem to be a B width by appearance . HOWEVER , they are very comfortable anyway on my wide feet ! They are well-made and quite attractive , I can wear them with nice dresses/skirts . I am going to order more .
 OK . I have been wearing this style of shoes for decades . Decades ! You do n't go back time and again to buy a shoe that is n't comfortable , long wearing , and a good value.One reason I keep coming back to this style of shoe is it looks very nice and neat . It does n't look weird . So many shoes look just awful and I ca n't imagine how anyone could wear them . I call them chunky-clunks as they do n't look feminine in the least.These shoes come in many colors -LRB- I usually buy a neutral color -RRB- and everyone should be able to find a color they like . I 've worn them in the rain and have had no trouble with them -LRB- not talking about floods here . -RRB- All in all , I recommend this style of shoes .
 A great fit . Comfortable . Easy care.Con
 I have worn this style of Easy Spirit shoe for many years . I 'm so thankful that it has n't chaged . It 's stylish , yet very comfortable and gives my feet excellent support . I thoroughly recommend it .
 Having been an Easy Spirit fan for many years , I 'm always looking for less-than-full price shoes . These `` Motion '' have been a consistently good buy , a great value shoe that holds up well , comfortable , polishes like new , and never separates at the seams . I wear the newest ones for outings , the older ones for around the house , the oldest ones for the garden . But I always watch for when they go for less than full price ... because I know I will get great , consistent shoes .
 My order was processed and shipped in amazing time . Thanks so much for your 5 Star Service
 I have been wearing this style for years at work where I am always on my feet . I was unable to find them at the Easy Spirit outlet but got them here no problem
 I LIKE THESE SHOES THE STYLE AND WEAR IS VERY COMFORTING . THEY CAN BE DRESS DOWN AND UP IN WHAT EVER YOU WEAR .
 These shoes are one of the most comfortable I have ever worn . They hold up very well . I have been buying them for years . It was great to find them on line because not every store carries them . I do n't know why .
 This is the third pair of Easy Spirit Motion shoes I 've bought . They are so comfortable and support my feet . I wear them to work and they look great with slacks . These shoes are very sturdy and well made as well as comfortable . I heard that Easy Spirit is discontinuing this style . I hope it is n't so !
 I have had several pair of these in the last 25 years or so . These are so comfy , no break in time required . I 'd like to see more fashion colors , though . I 'd love to have pairs in turquoise , bright yellow , orange , kelly green , hot pink , etc. . I wear these with slacks and tailored skirts , even certain dresses . They are very soft and comfy , durable , and make your foot look very small . I ca n't recommend them strongly enough to anyone who needs to be on thier feet a great deal , or who has foot problems , or who simply wants a sturdy-but-stylish walking shoe .
 My 94 year old Mom loves these shoes and they are almost impossible to find in the store . She as several colors of this style . Her feet are now smaller so we needed to adjust the size . Could not find them in regular stores . Mom loves the comforrable fit and they are safe for her to wear .
 I have worn Easy spirit Women 's shoes for years and they are really a good shoe.Gives good support and always fits well .
 Easy Spirit Women 's Motion Sport Lace UpThese are comfortable , casual shoes . They look dressier than most sport walking shoes and look good with better quality pants . However , I would not wear them to an exercise class .
 I have a difficult time finding shoes that will work for me . Most stores do not carry fashionable women 's shoes in wide widths . I am enjoying this pair of Easy Spirit Shoes in the color red . I would purchase these again without hesitation .
 Like all Easy Spirit shoes , this pair was well-made . I had to return the pair because the shoe was too small . Although I wear a 6.5 in other Easy Spirit styles , this shoe was too short . You may want to order a half-size larger if you order this style .
 The shoes were perfect but my Mother needed a 9.5 N and the shoe came in as a 9N and I had to return it . It cost me $ 15.00 to return the shoe and I wanted the right size but I received the credit for the shoes only on my credit card but not for the shipping either way ! So I was n't happy and probably wo n't use this service again.Thanks , kathy
 My feet are hard to fit , but I find this shoe comfortable and it provides good support . I 'm glad it is still available .
 I used to buy these shoes 15 years ago -- their quality has not changed . Still a good fit & made very well .
 I wanted a pair of comfortable walking shoes to use on a trip . I frankly hate the clunky , chunky , clumsy Frankenstein-like clodhoppers that seem to be ubiquitous in every store I visited looking for a simple fashionable walking shoe.I did n't think `` fashionable '' and `` comfortable '' were mutually exclusive ! I finally found these Easy Spirit shoes , and they were exactly what I was looking for.Easy Spirit shoes are light , airy , comfortable and go perfectly with jeans or chinos . They are water-resistant as well , so I had no worries about wearing them in rainy weather either . Love 'em .
 Love the shoes . I have this shoe in 5 colors . When I wanted a third WHITE pair could not find them on line at J. C. Penney 's as I have in the past and could not find the white shoes on line at Easy Spirit . Amazon directed me to Shoemall.com where they had this shoe in about 18 different colors . Thank you Amazon !
 I got these for my 93 year old mother who still walks for exercise . She has an extremely hard to find shoe size -LRB- 8 AAAA -RRB- and this is almost the only shoe made in that size any more so we are lucky to be able to buy it for her . She has these in several colors and finds them comfortable to wear every day , all day .
 Love these shoes - could not find them in ther stores in my area . They hae every color but white . Have a pair but they are really old and wanted a pair that looked nicer . The shoes are comfortable and they look a little more dressy than the normal tennis shoe . Paid a little more than the price at our stores but , they are worth the extra cost .
 I love Easy Spirit walking shoes . They are n't a sneaker and do n't look like one but that is what they feel like - very comfortable !
 I love these shoes . I work in a place that has a professional dress code and I ca n't wear sneakers or shower type shoes . Recently my company instituted a fitness/walking program of 10,000 steps a day . The floors in my building are hard stone/granite and can be slippery when the humidity is high , so I needed a shoe with a rubber sole , looked professional and gave support and comfort ... this shoe fit the ticket . The shoes are comfortable , very lightweight , well constructed and good value for my money . I would recommend them to anyone who walks or are on their feet a large percentage of the day.I 'm thinking of getting another pair in an alternative color . I have seen these shoes in various mail order catalogs for about $ 10.00 more than from Amazon -LRB- and the vendor -RRB- .
 I love these shoes . Have been wearing them for years and hope Easy Spirit does not EVER stop making them ! Great support for tired feet !
 I have a very narrow foot and I need shoes that I can put an orthotic in . Easy spirits work well for me . I love this color . It gives me a lift and I do n't feel quite as dowdy as usual !
 FOR ME , THE EASY SPIRT `` MOTION '' SHOE IS T_H_E PERFECT SHOE . I am unable to wear heels , -LRB- long story -RRB- -- but these shoes , which lace up as in any true oxford , have a streamlined look that many other oxford shoes today , burdened as they are with extra outside padding , do not . The result is , that this is indeed a SLIM , WALKING shoe , not a bulky sports shoe . It is as neat and pretty as any woman 's oxford shoe can be.This is a very , very comfortable shoe . It is not quite accurate to say it is like walking on air -- but it IS as comortable as a shoe can be , I believe , without going to the expense of custom-made shoes.When a shoe comes in many , many colours , you KNOW it has to be a GOOD shoe . Because so many people are buying it , the manufacturer can afford to branch out and make it in many different colours . For a very long time , I happily wore the WHITE color of this shoe , whilst my mom wore the WHEAT colour . We were both very happy with them!Then , I saw in a well-known catalogue , that they are available from the store associated with that catalogue , -LRB- on special order only -RRB- , in G O L D colour ! And not just a `` goldEN '' colour -- but a true , gold foil colour ! And at the same price as all the other colours ! All that `` special ordering '' the gold -LRB- foil -RRB- shoes , was to wait a few weeks longer.I have now worn the -LRB- shiny ! -RRB- gold -LRB- foil -RRB- colour of Easy Spirit `` Motion '' shoes for a few years . I have gotten several very nice complimnts on them as well ! And no wonder -- they look almost like golden-colour `` bronzedd '' baby shoes , or , are somewhat similar to the sheen in Princess Elizabeth and Princess Margaret 's flat pumps , in the famous `` double negative '' picture , by Marcus Adams -- taken in Buckingham Palace , with their mother , father , and corgi dog . The picture is in black and white , so I have no idea if the Princesses wore gold or silver pumps in it . But -- the foil-bright SHINE is the same ! In the words of the classic song ... '' Oh ... dem golden slippers ... ! ''
 This is a wonderful shoe . I had a hard time finding it until I went to Amazon and there it was . They are so comfortable and I feel safe in them as there is good support .
 I love my Easy Spirit Women 's Motion Fitness Casual Crocs . My feet are grateful for the caressing of these shoes . I no longer need to hurry home as I have comfort for the day . Thank you !!
 I have used Easy Spirit when I show my dogs for several years . They are light weight and have good traction when moving my dog . I wore my last pair for several years until my new puppy chewed them .
 These are the most comfortable shoes ever made and they look very conservative . I have them in several colors because they look good with slacks or skirts . They hold up well with everyday use and are lightweight so they pack well . If you try one pair , you keep coming back to them for your basic wardrobe .
 I purchased these shoes to wear for casual wear with my jeans when I did not want to wear my regular walking shoes . They are cute , stylish and comfortable for everyday wear , not recommended for heavy walking .
 I have had over 10 pairs of easy spirit shoes and have these in two colours . I have high insteps , high arches and hammertoes ... and these are still comfortable . The support is not as good as in their running and training shoes , yet plenty good for walking long distances and taking public transport daily .
 I got this pair of Easy Spirit shoes to replace my previous pair of Easy Spirit lace-ups , which had been my favorite pair of casual shoes for the past 15-20 years -LRB- I know , hard to believe they lasted that long - Easy Spirit is a great brand ! -RRB- . My new brown leather lace-ups are well-made , stylish , and very comfortable . If you 're looking for sharp-looking shoes that are easy on the feet for long periods of wear , I 'd say go for these !
 I have bought Easy Spirit shoes for years , so I knew the quality of this product . I was not disappointed . Shoes arrived in reasonable time , in perfect condition . Color and size as requested . Only wish I could get some other colors at this GREAT rate !
 I really like these shoes ! I just bought them at a local retail store and was looking on here to see if I could find them cheaper . I 've always loved Asics running shoes because they are so comfortable on my feet . But the main problem with my old Asics is they 're dorky looking for casual wear . These new casual style of Asics fit my feet like my old shoes and actually look great too ! They are very lightweight and almost feel like I 'm not even wearing shoes . Unlike running shoes , these are very thin and offer very little little support . Lots of shoes make my feet look big , but these make my feet look sleek . Workmanship appears good but I do n't think they will last as long as other shoes because they are so thin . Normally I would n't pay $ 70 for casual shoes but I did this time because these are so comfortable and good-looking . If you like Asics running shoes but want something better looking , I highly recommend these shoes!Update 10-2009Well I 've had these shoes over 5 years now and they are still in good shape . Granted I do n't wear them on a daily basis any more but I was really surprised how well they held up given how thin they are . Hope I can find another pair once these finally do break down ...
 I was cautious in `` breaking in '' this shoe for fear of toe problems from another shoe brand . However , there was no problem with breaking in THIS shoe . Definitely will stick with the Ozweego Classic . Very lightweight , stylish but most of all COMFORTABLE .
 These are the most comfortable boots I have owned . I do not feel the heels at all -LRB- I teach for 4 1/2 hours straight -RRB- . If you are considering buying them , they are true to the size both at the bottom and top . Thus , if you want to wear thick socks or leg warmers with them , order the boots half or one full size larger .
 I was cautious in `` breaking in '' this shoe for fear of toe problems from another shoe brand . However , there was no problem with breaking in THIS shoe . Definitely will stick with the Ozweego Classic . Very lightweight , stylish but most of all COMFORTABLE .
 I was cautious in `` breaking in '' this shoe for fear of toe problems from another shoe brand . However , there was no problem with breaking in THIS shoe . Definitely will stick with the Ozweego Classic . Very lightweight , stylish but most of all COMFORTABLE .
 My daughter has been wearing stride rite since 8mos . of age and they have really offered the flexible and stability that she needs to walk efficiently . These shoes fit great and really helps her to maintain her balance . She is now running all over the place !
 My son has a very FAT foot , which requires him to wear an XW . Stride Rite is one of two brands that he can wear . I got these shoes at an unbeatable price -LRB- $ 42 marked down to $ 14 -RRB- . These shoes are so cute and are very flexible . This is a nice feature since I bought them while DS was still trying to walk , so when he crawled it did n't interfere w / him much . I highly recommend these shoes to anyone who is looking for a good , long lasting shoe .
 My little girl has n't been growing fast and had nearly worn through another pair of Stride Rites . How exciting for her to have a new pair to take her to preschool ! Stride Rites are the best shoes and these were a great deal . Highly recommended !
 Cute little shoe , that is stylish , comfortable and very durable . For $ 29 ... a worthwile investment for a growing toddler .
 I love the product . My special needs child has been wearing Stride Rite shoes for years at a much higher price . The only complaint is that I had to get a different color and the pink ones sold out . My child does not know the difference and all is good . I purchased 2 pair for less than 1 pair at the store .
 These are great shoes for an active toddler . My daughter wears a wide size and these shoes fit her great and are also very stylish . Highly recommend .
 I really like these shoes ! I just bought them at a local retail store and was looking on here to see if I could find them cheaper . I 've always loved Asics running shoes because they are so comfortable on my feet . But the main problem with my old Asics is they 're dorky looking for casual wear . These new casual style of Asics fit my feet like my old shoes and actually look great too ! They are very lightweight and almost feel like I 'm not even wearing shoes . Unlike running shoes , these are very thin and offer very little little support . Lots of shoes make my feet look big , but these make my feet look sleek . Workmanship appears good but I do n't think they will last as long as other shoes because they are so thin . Normally I would n't pay $ 70 for casual shoes but I did this time because these are so comfortable and good-looking . If you like Asics running shoes but want something better looking , I highly recommend these shoes!Update 10-2009Well I 've had these shoes over 5 years now and they are still in good shape . Granted I do n't wear them on a daily basis any more but I was really surprised how well they held up given how thin they are . Hope I can find another pair once these finally do break down ...
 These boots are great , I bought them to go with my halloween costume a while back and now I wear them every time I go out . Its been 7 months now and there still in great condition .
 I love the look of boots but usually find them very uncomfortable . These are very much the exception . While I did n't love the fringe , putting them on , I realized they were probably the most comfortable boots I had ever tried . They 've held up well over the last 6 months and would highly recommend them .
 This boot is one of many well designed footwear from Rocket Dog . I like these boots , they fit well and look good . The quality appears to be high level and if there wear well they wo n't be my last pair .
 My experience with my purchase for the Rocket Dog boots was very good . Everything was as expected . Smooth sailing and boots came soon enough and were just as expected.Rocket Dog Men 's Shredder Boot , Tan ,10 M
 I was cautious in `` breaking in '' this shoe for fear of toe problems from another shoe brand . However , there was no problem with breaking in THIS shoe . Definitely will stick with the Ozweego Classic . Very lightweight , stylish but most of all COMFORTABLE .
 These boots are great , I bought them to go with my halloween costume a while back and now I wear them every time I go out . Its been 7 months now and there still in great condition .
 My 9 year daughter started horse riding lessons and these were the boots we chose to start with . They are very `` pretty and really cool '' she states . I absolutly agree . They are comfy , long-lasting and affordable as well . The silver toe tip gives the boot great style . Thumbs up for this product !
 This is our third set of boots for our 3 1/2 year old . She loves them and they looked great at the horse show .
 Bought these boots for my grandson who is 11 , just loved them ! He wears them to school , and at home . Really nice boots ! Thanks for making my grandson a happy one !
 My son received this boots as a Christmas present . All I can say is , he loves them .
 Ordered these boots for my daughter last Christmas and she loved them . They were a nice looking boot for the money . Unfortunately they were too small and I had to send them back .
 They are nice boots they fit my daughter just great . She wears them with pride and looks good at her horse shows , they go great with her outfit .
 Have You Tried To Get Cowboy Boots Off A Three Year Nephew ? I Had To Chase Him Down And Hold Him Down To Get The Boots Off And Then Avoid Getting Attacked By Him And His Plastic Bat.Two Days Straight With Them On Was Enough For Him . He Had To Wear Them To Bed , Lunch , And Outside In The Backyard.Thanks For The Boots And Be Ready For Another Order .
 Got them for my daughter -- in black . She loved them . We bought a size bigger than normal . They are roomy , but they fit .
 A beautiful pair of boots . I can not wait to see my son 's face when he sees them ! They really are the genuine artical . Keeping everything crossed that I have got the size right ! Had to convert from UK to USA and then go up a size . These boots would make any young man -LRB- or girl -RRB- who dream of the Wild West , feel like they have made it !
 I was cautious in `` breaking in '' this shoe for fear of toe problems from another shoe brand . However , there was no problem with breaking in THIS shoe . Definitely will stick with the Ozweego Classic . Very lightweight , stylish but most of all COMFORTABLE .
 I was cautious in `` breaking in '' this shoe for fear of toe problems from another shoe brand . However , there was no problem with breaking in THIS shoe . Definitely will stick with the Ozweego Classic . Very lightweight , stylish but most of all COMFORTABLE .
 My 9 year daughter started horse riding lessons and these were the boots we chose to start with . They are very `` pretty and really cool '' she states . I absolutly agree . They are comfy , long-lasting and affordable as well . The silver toe tip gives the boot great style . Thumbs up for this product !
 This is our third set of boots for our 3 1/2 year old . She loves them and they looked great at the horse show .
 Bought these boots for my grandson who is 11 , just loved them ! He wears them to school , and at home . Really nice boots ! Thanks for making my grandson a happy one !
 My son received this boots as a Christmas present . All I can say is , he loves them .
 Ordered these boots for my daughter last Christmas and she loved them . They were a nice looking boot for the money . Unfortunately they were too small and I had to send them back .
 They are nice boots they fit my daughter just great . She wears them with pride and looks good at her horse shows , they go great with her outfit .
 Have You Tried To Get Cowboy Boots Off A Three Year Nephew ? I Had To Chase Him Down And Hold Him Down To Get The Boots Off And Then Avoid Getting Attacked By Him And His Plastic Bat.Two Days Straight With Them On Was Enough For Him . He Had To Wear Them To Bed , Lunch , And Outside In The Backyard.Thanks For The Boots And Be Ready For Another Order .
 Got them for my daughter -- in black . She loved them . We bought a size bigger than normal . They are roomy , but they fit .
 A beautiful pair of boots . I can not wait to see my son 's face when he sees them ! They really are the genuine artical . Keeping everything crossed that I have got the size right ! Had to convert from UK to USA and then go up a size . These boots would make any young man -LRB- or girl -RRB- who dream of the Wild West , feel like they have made it !
 I was cautious in `` breaking in '' this shoe for fear of toe problems from another shoe brand . However , there was no problem with breaking in THIS shoe . Definitely will stick with the Ozweego Classic . Very lightweight , stylish but most of all COMFORTABLE .
 I bought these shoes awhile ago from Target and I have n't been happier . They might seem like `` old women '' shoes , but they are sooooo comfortable and actually look cute with wide legged pants -LRB- since that 's the style now -RRB- and really nice with a skirt and dress . And since I 'm a -LRB- new -RRB- nail technician , I 'm up and down all day and these shoes make it comfortable from sitting to standing positions .
 They are really comfortable that the first time I wore them , they stayed on my feet for 14 hours and my feet were still happy . . ! Also they look very cute ...
 My 9 year daughter started horse riding lessons and these were the boots we chose to start with . They are very `` pretty and really cool '' she states . I absolutly agree . They are comfy , long-lasting and affordable as well . The silver toe tip gives the boot great style . Thumbs up for this product !
 This is our third set of boots for our 3 1/2 year old . She loves them and they looked great at the horse show .
 Bought these boots for my grandson who is 11 , just loved them ! He wears them to school , and at home . Really nice boots ! Thanks for making my grandson a happy one !
 My son received this boots as a Christmas present . All I can say is , he loves them .
 Ordered these boots for my daughter last Christmas and she loved them . They were a nice looking boot for the money . Unfortunately they were too small and I had to send them back .
 They are nice boots they fit my daughter just great . She wears them with pride and looks good at her horse shows , they go great with her outfit .
 Have You Tried To Get Cowboy Boots Off A Three Year Nephew ? I Had To Chase Him Down And Hold Him Down To Get The Boots Off And Then Avoid Getting Attacked By Him And His Plastic Bat.Two Days Straight With Them On Was Enough For Him . He Had To Wear Them To Bed , Lunch , And Outside In The Backyard.Thanks For The Boots And Be Ready For Another Order .
 Got them for my daughter -- in black . She loved them . We bought a size bigger than normal . They are roomy , but they fit .
 A beautiful pair of boots . I can not wait to see my son 's face when he sees them ! They really are the genuine artical . Keeping everything crossed that I have got the size right ! Had to convert from UK to USA and then go up a size . These boots would make any young man -LRB- or girl -RRB- who dream of the Wild West , feel like they have made it !
 I was cautious in `` breaking in '' this shoe for fear of toe problems from another shoe brand . However , there was no problem with breaking in THIS shoe . Definitely will stick with the Ozweego Classic . Very lightweight , stylish but most of all COMFORTABLE .
 bought two pairs of shoes , for my wife , from Blue Blood Racing . The others fit perfect , but these were a bit smaller , although the same size . We kept the other pair and returned these . The refund was quick with no problems at all . My wife loves her shoes , but it is a shame these were too small . They looked great ! I 'm giving 4 stars because the sizing is off , but the quality and looks are great and the no fuss on the refund was a big plus , since we are overseas .
 `` Comfortable '' does n't do these shoes justice ... like walking on cotton candy puffs all day long ! No need to break them in , either . Snug fit so they do n't slip or slide off while walking . Sturdy sole makes for surefootedness . Shoes are a bit heavy - fine for me , but some may need to be aware . Waterproof too . Will buy more when needed .
 I was cautious in `` breaking in '' this shoe for fear of toe problems from another shoe brand . However , there was no problem with breaking in THIS shoe . Definitely will stick with the Ozweego Classic . Very lightweight , stylish but most of all COMFORTABLE .
 For my feet , they are the best shoes so far for going to work or just walking around town .
 Originally I was seeking the furry style in winter wear boot ; but when I came across these through Amazon 's recommended list of boot types in the catagory I was in at the time , the style & brand name suggested that I had to take a chance . WOW - I am so glad I did so as the boots are amazing - comfortable -LRB- perfect to size even with socks -RRB- , stylish and a classic . Having these boots over the furry style mukluks so popular now , I know I have a boot that is quality made and will not go out-of-style next season . Looking for these boots with other internet and local vendors , I quickly found that Amazon beat their price everywhere . One more thing - the comfort factor is VERY high , THE most important factor whenever I buy footwear of any style . These boots are one of the best boots I currently own ... and I have lots of boots -LRB- yes - my favorite piece of clothing to buy - shoes & boots -RRB- . Wish I could wear them everyday ! Come on Winter weather !
 Love these boots . They fit great - I ordered a half size larger and are really cute and cozy .
 As my sister said JUST say with me WOW WOW WOW hehehe : Dreally she likes it so much it is like Final Fantasy shoes : Dgood price & nothing to say u have to buy it : D
 These shoes are very comfortable even wearing them for the first time . The make is slightly bigger than the actual size . I ordered a medium width which fits well though I thought I usually wear narrow width . I was going to order another pair in a different color but they were already sold out . It is a bargain -LSB- ... -RSB- . They go well with pants and would be OK with causal dresses .
 I was cautious in `` breaking in '' this shoe for fear of toe problems from another shoe brand . However , there was no problem with breaking in THIS shoe . Definitely will stick with the Ozweego Classic . Very lightweight , stylish but most of all COMFORTABLE .
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 My 9 year daughter started horse riding lessons and these were the boots we chose to start with . They are very `` pretty and really cool '' she states . I absolutly agree . They are comfy , long-lasting and affordable as well . The silver toe tip gives the boot great style . Thumbs up for this product !
 This is our third set of boots for our 3 1/2 year old . She loves them and they looked great at the horse show .
 Bought these boots for my grandson who is 11 , just loved them ! He wears them to school , and at home . Really nice boots ! Thanks for making my grandson a happy one !
 My son received this boots as a Christmas present . All I can say is , he loves them .
 Ordered these boots for my daughter last Christmas and she loved them . They were a nice looking boot for the money . Unfortunately they were too small and I had to send them back .
 They are nice boots they fit my daughter just great . She wears them with pride and looks good at her horse shows , they go great with her outfit .
 Have You Tried To Get Cowboy Boots Off A Three Year Nephew ? I Had To Chase Him Down And Hold Him Down To Get The Boots Off And Then Avoid Getting Attacked By Him And His Plastic Bat.Two Days Straight With Them On Was Enough For Him . He Had To Wear Them To Bed , Lunch , And Outside In The Backyard.Thanks For The Boots And Be Ready For Another Order .
 Got them for my daughter -- in black . She loved them . We bought a size bigger than normal . They are roomy , but they fit .
 A beautiful pair of boots . I can not wait to see my son 's face when he sees them ! They really are the genuine artical . Keeping everything crossed that I have got the size right ! Had to convert from UK to USA and then go up a size . These boots would make any young man -LRB- or girl -RRB- who dream of the Wild West , feel like they have made it !
 Love the shoes . I have this shoe in 5 colors . When I wanted a third WHITE pair could not find them on line at J. C. Penney 's as I have in the past and could not find the white shoes on line at Easy Spirit . Amazon directed me to Shoemall.com where they had this shoe in about 18 different colors . Thank you Amazon !
 I got these for my 93 year old mother who still walks for exercise . She has an extremely hard to find shoe size -LRB- 8 AAAA -RRB- and this is almost the only shoe made in that size any more so we are lucky to be able to buy it for her . She has these in several colors and finds them comfortable to wear every day , all day .
 Love these shoes - could not find them in ther stores in my area . They hae every color but white . Have a pair but they are really old and wanted a pair that looked nicer . The shoes are comfortable and they look a little more dressy than the normal tennis shoe . Paid a little more than the price at our stores but , they are worth the extra cost .
 I love Easy Spirit walking shoes . They are n't a sneaker and do n't look like one but that is what they feel like - very comfortable !
 I love these shoes . I work in a place that has a professional dress code and I ca n't wear sneakers or shower type shoes . Recently my company instituted a fitness/walking program of 10,000 steps a day . The floors in my building are hard stone/granite and can be slippery when the humidity is high , so I needed a shoe with a rubber sole , looked professional and gave support and comfort ... this shoe fit the ticket . The shoes are comfortable , very lightweight , well constructed and good value for my money . I would recommend them to anyone who walks or are on their feet a large percentage of the day.I 'm thinking of getting another pair in an alternative color . I have seen these shoes in various mail order catalogs for about $ 10.00 more than from Amazon -LRB- and the vendor -RRB- .
 I love these shoes . Have been wearing them for years and hope Easy Spirit does not EVER stop making them ! Great support for tired feet !
 I have a very narrow foot and I need shoes that I can put an orthotic in . Easy spirits work well for me . I love this color . It gives me a lift and I do n't feel quite as dowdy as usual !
 FOR ME , THE EASY SPIRT `` MOTION '' SHOE IS T_H_E PERFECT SHOE . I am unable to wear heels , -LRB- long story -RRB- -- but these shoes , which lace up as in any true oxford , have a streamlined look that many other oxford shoes today , burdened as they are with extra outside padding , do not . The result is , that this is indeed a SLIM , WALKING shoe , not a bulky sports shoe . It is as neat and pretty as any woman 's oxford shoe can be.This is a very , very comfortable shoe . It is not quite accurate to say it is like walking on air -- but it IS as comortable as a shoe can be , I believe , without going to the expense of custom-made shoes.When a shoe comes in many , many colours , you KNOW it has to be a GOOD shoe . Because so many people are buying it , the manufacturer can afford to branch out and make it in many different colours . For a very long time , I happily wore the WHITE color of this shoe , whilst my mom wore the WHEAT colour . We were both very happy with them!Then , I saw in a well-known catalogue , that they are available from the store associated with that catalogue , -LRB- on special order only -RRB- , in G O L D colour ! And not just a `` goldEN '' colour -- but a true , gold foil colour ! And at the same price as all the other colours ! All that `` special ordering '' the gold -LRB- foil -RRB- shoes , was to wait a few weeks longer.I have now worn the -LRB- shiny ! -RRB- gold -LRB- foil -RRB- colour of Easy Spirit `` Motion '' shoes for a few years . I have gotten several very nice complimnts on them as well ! And no wonder -- they look almost like golden-colour `` bronzedd '' baby shoes , or , are somewhat similar to the sheen in Princess Elizabeth and Princess Margaret 's flat pumps , in the famous `` double negative '' picture , by Marcus Adams -- taken in Buckingham Palace , with their mother , father , and corgi dog . The picture is in black and white , so I have no idea if the Princesses wore gold or silver pumps in it . But -- the foil-bright SHINE is the same ! In the words of the classic song ... '' Oh ... dem golden slippers ... ! ''
 This is a wonderful shoe . I had a hard time finding it until I went to Amazon and there it was . They are so comfortable and I feel safe in them as there is good support .
 I love my Easy Spirit Women 's Motion Fitness Casual Crocs . My feet are grateful for the caressing of these shoes . I no longer need to hurry home as I have comfort for the day . Thank you !!
 I have used Easy Spirit when I show my dogs for several years . They are light weight and have good traction when moving my dog . I wore my last pair for several years until my new puppy chewed them .
 These are the most comfortable shoes ever made and they look very conservative . I have them in several colors because they look good with slacks or skirts . They hold up well with everyday use and are lightweight so they pack well . If you try one pair , you keep coming back to them for your basic wardrobe .
 I purchased these shoes to wear for casual wear with my jeans when I did not want to wear my regular walking shoes . They are cute , stylish and comfortable for everyday wear , not recommended for heavy walking .
 I have had over 10 pairs of easy spirit shoes and have these in two colours . I have high insteps , high arches and hammertoes ... and these are still comfortable . The support is not as good as in their running and training shoes , yet plenty good for walking long distances and taking public transport daily .
 I got this pair of Easy Spirit shoes to replace my previous pair of Easy Spirit lace-ups , which had been my favorite pair of casual shoes for the past 15-20 years -LRB- I know , hard to believe they lasted that long - Easy Spirit is a great brand ! -RRB- . My new brown leather lace-ups are well-made , stylish , and very comfortable . If you 're looking for sharp-looking shoes that are easy on the feet for long periods of wear , I 'd say go for these !
 I have bought Easy Spirit shoes for years , so I knew the quality of this product . I was not disappointed . Shoes arrived in reasonable time , in perfect condition . Color and size as requested . Only wish I could get some other colors at this GREAT rate !
 I have been wearing this style for years at work where I am always on my feet . I was unable to find them at the Easy Spirit outlet but got them here no problem
 I LIKE THESE SHOES THE STYLE AND WEAR IS VERY COMFORTING . THEY CAN BE DRESS DOWN AND UP IN WHAT EVER YOU WEAR .
 These shoes are one of the most comfortable I have ever worn . They hold up very well . I have been buying them for years . It was great to find them on line because not every store carries them . I do n't know why .
 This is the third pair of Easy Spirit Motion shoes I 've bought . They are so comfortable and support my feet . I wear them to work and they look great with slacks . These shoes are very sturdy and well made as well as comfortable . I heard that Easy Spirit is discontinuing this style . I hope it is n't so !
 I have had several pair of these in the last 25 years or so . These are so comfy , no break in time required . I 'd like to see more fashion colors , though . I 'd love to have pairs in turquoise , bright yellow , orange , kelly green , hot pink , etc. . I wear these with slacks and tailored skirts , even certain dresses . They are very soft and comfy , durable , and make your foot look very small . I ca n't recommend them strongly enough to anyone who needs to be on thier feet a great deal , or who has foot problems , or who simply wants a sturdy-but-stylish walking shoe .
 My 94 year old Mom loves these shoes and they are almost impossible to find in the store . She as several colors of this style . Her feet are now smaller so we needed to adjust the size . Could not find them in regular stores . Mom loves the comforrable fit and they are safe for her to wear .
 I have worn Easy spirit Women 's shoes for years and they are really a good shoe.Gives good support and always fits well .
 Easy Spirit Women 's Motion Sport Lace UpThese are comfortable , casual shoes . They look dressier than most sport walking shoes and look good with better quality pants . However , I would not wear them to an exercise class .
 I have a difficult time finding shoes that will work for me . Most stores do not carry fashionable women 's shoes in wide widths . I am enjoying this pair of Easy Spirit Shoes in the color red . I would purchase these again without hesitation .
 Like all Easy Spirit shoes , this pair was well-made . I had to return the pair because the shoe was too small . Although I wear a 6.5 in other Easy Spirit styles , this shoe was too short . You may want to order a half-size larger if you order this style .
 The shoes were perfect but my Mother needed a 9.5 N and the shoe came in as a 9N and I had to return it . It cost me $ 15.00 to return the shoe and I wanted the right size but I received the credit for the shoes only on my credit card but not for the shipping either way ! So I was n't happy and probably wo n't use this service again.Thanks , kathy
 My feet are hard to fit , but I find this shoe comfortable and it provides good support . I 'm glad it is still available .
 I used to buy these shoes 15 years ago -- their quality has not changed . Still a good fit & made very well .
 I wanted a pair of comfortable walking shoes to use on a trip . I frankly hate the clunky , chunky , clumsy Frankenstein-like clodhoppers that seem to be ubiquitous in every store I visited looking for a simple fashionable walking shoe.I did n't think `` fashionable '' and `` comfortable '' were mutually exclusive ! I finally found these Easy Spirit shoes , and they were exactly what I was looking for.Easy Spirit shoes are light , airy , comfortable and go perfectly with jeans or chinos . They are water-resistant as well , so I had no worries about wearing them in rainy weather either . Love 'em .
 This is a great shoe for me . It is light weight yet supportive . It looks dressier than I expected , which I am very pleased about .
 These are the most comfortable shoes if you are on your feet all day . They look good and fit so well .
 I love these shoes , well made , comfortable and nice looking . I expect them to last me a good long time .
 Like all Easy Spirit Shoes , these are great . Order arrived a few days after placing the order . High quality shoes at a great price .
 I know I wear these shoes more often than I should , there are days when I should probably wear dressier shoes , but I wear one of my pairs of Easy Spirit Motions Sport Lace-ups everyday because they are so comfortable . They seem quite durable too .
 The shoe runs narrow . The inside label says both &#34; B &#34; and &#34; D &#34; , B is printed on top of a line and D is printed underneath . I do n't know what that means , I ordered D width , but they seem to be a B width by appearance . HOWEVER , they are very comfortable anyway on my wide feet ! They are well-made and quite attractive , I can wear them with nice dresses/skirts . I am going to order more .
 OK . I have been wearing this style of shoes for decades . Decades ! You do n't go back time and again to buy a shoe that is n't comfortable , long wearing , and a good value.One reason I keep coming back to this style of shoe is it looks very nice and neat . It does n't look weird . So many shoes look just awful and I ca n't imagine how anyone could wear them . I call them chunky-clunks as they do n't look feminine in the least.These shoes come in many colors -LRB- I usually buy a neutral color -RRB- and everyone should be able to find a color they like . I 've worn them in the rain and have had no trouble with them -LRB- not talking about floods here . -RRB- All in all , I recommend this style of shoes .
 A great fit . Comfortable . Easy care.Con
 I have worn this style of Easy Spirit shoe for many years . I 'm so thankful that it has n't chaged . It 's stylish , yet very comfortable and gives my feet excellent support . I thoroughly recommend it .
 Having been an Easy Spirit fan for many years , I 'm always looking for less-than-full price shoes . These `` Motion '' have been a consistently good buy , a great value shoe that holds up well , comfortable , polishes like new , and never separates at the seams . I wear the newest ones for outings , the older ones for around the house , the oldest ones for the garden . But I always watch for when they go for less than full price ... because I know I will get great , consistent shoes .
 My order was processed and shipped in amazing time . Thanks so much for your 5 Star Service
 I brought this for my Mother . She loves the shoes . This is the only place I could get them . Her Christmas was made by receiving this product .
 I found these to be a perfect fit . They are very comfortable and great for those long shopping trips . Look very nice with both casual dress and jeans .
 Finding these shoes on Amazon were like winning the grand prize in a raffle.My mother is 91 yrs . old and sent me on a ride visiting Easy Spirit stores totry and locate these shoes in this particular color to replace an older pair.I did not find these in any store . I decided to check Amazon and was nicelysurprised to find them . She is so happy and they are comfortable.Best part is making your mother happy , thank you Amazon .
 I have worn Easy Spirit shoes for many years and find them comfortable and durable . I have had ongoing back problems , and find these shoes to help lessen back pain .
 Easy Spirit shoes of all types are unquestionably the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn . I recently bought 5 different types of shoes and they are all fantastic . I have medical issues that make it difficult for me to wear shoes of any kind . Easy Spirit allows me to walk like I have n't for several years . Quality and comfort are fantastic .
 I purchased these for my mother and she was happy with the color and the size . Thank you very much .
 I always liked the Easy Spirit shoes.These are very comfortable and a good buy.I may order another pair in a different color.I would recommend them to anyone who wants a comfortable shoe .
 This is the 3rd pair of Easy Spirit Walkers I 've owned ... and have worn out the first two ! The new ones carried me happily all over Boston on a recent vacation and not a single complaint ! These are the most attractive walking shoes I 've seen or worn
 Easy Spirit 's Motion Sport Lace Up shoes :1 . Provide all day comfortable -LRB- sometimes you forget you have them on -RRB- .2 . Come in great colors .3 . May resemble ` old lady ' shoes -LRB- not meaning to be offensive -RRB- . Yet they match just about anything you wear -LRB- casual or business -RRB- .4 . Last a very , very long time . I am still wearing several pairs I bought five-six years ago and have n't had a problem yet .5 . Come in a large variety of sizes .
 These shoes are extremely comfortable . I have several pairs in different colors and wear them all the time .
 I love these shoes ! I have bought several pairs in different colors . They are as comfortable as atheltic shoes but much more stylish . But beware -- they run small ! I normally wear a size 6.5 , but I have to order a size 7 with these .
 What a pleasure to walk all day in a stylish flat that also offers cushioning and good support and not have to wear clunky running shoes with skirts . I broke several bones in my right foot four years ago and ca n't wear heels . I also have narrow feet . Well , this is the first shoe I 've been able to wear all day and still feel stylish without breaking the bank . I bought them in every color , including metallic silver and gold ! A shoe for all seasons : -RRB-
 The shoes have cushion where needed which makes it a very comfortable shoe for walking . They are also very good when you have to be standing for a lenghth of time . I would recommend this shoe for people who have to be on their feet -LRB- working/standing -RRB- for a long period of time .
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 Vert comfy - but I would suggest a half size to full size larger if you are not fimilliar with such bodacious heels - they make your legs look KILLER !
 I am very pleased with this purchase ... Shipping was prompt and smooth ... Not everybody can handle a 5 '' heel ... but this is what I had been looking for ... I 'd definitely buy from this seller again !!!
 These boots are well-constructed and even though they are man-made material , they look strikingly like genuine leather . The stitching detail is lovely and the color choice -LRB- our pair is red -RRB- is great . My daughter loved them straight from the box which was shipped very quickly . We 're impressed with the product and seller and would definitely recommend both .
 I like my boots a whole lot.My mom ordered them off Amazon.com and I am happy .
 They were wider than I had expected . Usually children 's sizes run more narrow and these ran much wider . I needed to wear two socks and they were hard to break in .
 Happy little cowgirl , was she . Her first pair of doody kickers . She is ready to hop on her Shetland and ride off into the street lights .
 super cute books . They came quickly and are of good quality . I am pleased with the boots for a 2yr old girl .
 My son loves to be a cowboy . He ca n't wait to go back to Wild West City for our annual trip . He wanted a new pair of cowboy boots , and even at 9 . many stores consider his foot size to be that of a man . Locally , a pair of cowboy boots for him may have cost me over $ 100 . We decided to look online . We found a pair that was reasonable and ordered them . Everyday he anxiously awaited his purchase . They arrived in the amount of time promised . He was so excited when he opened the box and they were all they said they would be . He was absolutely thrilled and they immediately went on his feet and the fit was excellent -LRB- I ordered them 1 to 1/2 size larger than what he is wearing so that he will have room and not outgrow them immediately -RRB- . The styling is really nice and the quality great . What a deal !
 Well i had these shoes in Green Camo and I had them for 6 months . Thats when they started ripping . They are great for skating and have a reinforced area to prevent ollie rips . You can feel the board through your feet , and i can even feel my computer shaking the floor . They have nice grip , and these shoes have great colors . Highly recommended if you dont want to spend $ 85 + on the boss .
 These slides are beautiful and stylish . I bought them for a gift and the receivee was very impressed with the quality , fit and feel . I was impressed with how quickly the shoes arrived within the number of days expected and in perfect condition as well . I would definitely make another purchase of Sudini shoes again for their quality , workmanship , style and fit .
 Sudini always delivers wonderful workmanship and this shoe is no exception , very comfortable and the quality is outstanding . I own several Sudini styles and always search their name for whatever style I 'm shopping for . I 've never been disappointed with anything I 've bought made by Sudini .
 I love these shoes . I do n't know what that other reviewer is talking about regarding construction . I wore these up & down the Strip in Las Vegas & they are still going strong . Pictures do n't do these heels justice . They are so nice in person . The fabric pattern & the beads are fabulous .
 These boots are well-constructed and even though they are man-made material , they look strikingly like genuine leather . The stitching detail is lovely and the color choice -LRB- our pair is red -RRB- is great . My daughter loved them straight from the box which was shipped very quickly . We 're impressed with the product and seller and would definitely recommend both .
 I like my boots a whole lot.My mom ordered them off Amazon.com and I am happy .
 They were wider than I had expected . Usually children 's sizes run more narrow and these ran much wider . I needed to wear two socks and they were hard to break in .
 Happy little cowgirl , was she . Her first pair of doody kickers . She is ready to hop on her Shetland and ride off into the street lights .
 super cute books . They came quickly and are of good quality . I am pleased with the boots for a 2yr old girl .
 My son loves to be a cowboy . He ca n't wait to go back to Wild West City for our annual trip . He wanted a new pair of cowboy boots , and even at 9 . many stores consider his foot size to be that of a man . Locally , a pair of cowboy boots for him may have cost me over $ 100 . We decided to look online . We found a pair that was reasonable and ordered them . Everyday he anxiously awaited his purchase . They arrived in the amount of time promised . He was so excited when he opened the box and they were all they said they would be . He was absolutely thrilled and they immediately went on his feet and the fit was excellent -LRB- I ordered them 1 to 1/2 size larger than what he is wearing so that he will have room and not outgrow them immediately -RRB- . The styling is really nice and the quality great . What a deal !
 I bought these because it was such a good sale but I love them and am really happy I got them . They are really nice . They feel and look like they are worth . I wear an 8 and thats what I ordered but I guess since its a pointed toe it makes it a little snug there . But no complaints with the boots . They are really nice .
 I had gotten my Shoes right on time ... In fact earlier . There were many problems . Called the company and everything has worked out so much more then better . Theywere friendly and polite . I would do buisness with them again and recomend then to my friends and family . A little confusion on returning and such . . but again . . wonderful to work with .
 These boots are well-constructed and even though they are man-made material , they look strikingly like genuine leather . The stitching detail is lovely and the color choice -LRB- our pair is red -RRB- is great . My daughter loved them straight from the box which was shipped very quickly . We 're impressed with the product and seller and would definitely recommend both .
 I like my boots a whole lot.My mom ordered them off Amazon.com and I am happy .
 They were wider than I had expected . Usually children 's sizes run more narrow and these ran much wider . I needed to wear two socks and they were hard to break in .
 Happy little cowgirl , was she . Her first pair of doody kickers . She is ready to hop on her Shetland and ride off into the street lights .
 super cute books . They came quickly and are of good quality . I am pleased with the boots for a 2yr old girl .
 My son loves to be a cowboy . He ca n't wait to go back to Wild West City for our annual trip . He wanted a new pair of cowboy boots , and even at 9 . many stores consider his foot size to be that of a man . Locally , a pair of cowboy boots for him may have cost me over $ 100 . We decided to look online . We found a pair that was reasonable and ordered them . Everyday he anxiously awaited his purchase . They arrived in the amount of time promised . He was so excited when he opened the box and they were all they said they would be . He was absolutely thrilled and they immediately went on his feet and the fit was excellent -LRB- I ordered them 1 to 1/2 size larger than what he is wearing so that he will have room and not outgrow them immediately -RRB- . The styling is really nice and the quality great . What a deal !
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 My mother-in-law has so much trouble finding comfortable shoes Between diabetes & problems that should be surgically corrected , but her high blood pressure prohibits surgery , finding shoes is like the proverbial needle in a hay stack search . Aetrex offered a full grain leather comfort shoe with velcro closures for easy adjustment . One look & I thought , `` That 's the shoe for Mom ! '' ... and it was ! She put them on , grabbed her cane , & wore them for her weekly shopping outing , & kept them on when we arrived back home . Amazing !!! Thanks , Amazon , for leading me in the right direction , & thanks to Aetrex , also , for solving the comfort dilemma !
 These boots are well-constructed and even though they are man-made material , they look strikingly like genuine leather . The stitching detail is lovely and the color choice -LRB- our pair is red -RRB- is great . My daughter loved them straight from the box which was shipped very quickly . We 're impressed with the product and seller and would definitely recommend both .
 I like my boots a whole lot.My mom ordered them off Amazon.com and I am happy .
 They were wider than I had expected . Usually children 's sizes run more narrow and these ran much wider . I needed to wear two socks and they were hard to break in .
 Happy little cowgirl , was she . Her first pair of doody kickers . She is ready to hop on her Shetland and ride off into the street lights .
 super cute books . They came quickly and are of good quality . I am pleased with the boots for a 2yr old girl .
 My son loves to be a cowboy . He ca n't wait to go back to Wild West City for our annual trip . He wanted a new pair of cowboy boots , and even at 9 . many stores consider his foot size to be that of a man . Locally , a pair of cowboy boots for him may have cost me over $ 100 . We decided to look online . We found a pair that was reasonable and ordered them . Everyday he anxiously awaited his purchase . They arrived in the amount of time promised . He was so excited when he opened the box and they were all they said they would be . He was absolutely thrilled and they immediately went on his feet and the fit was excellent -LRB- I ordered them 1 to 1/2 size larger than what he is wearing so that he will have room and not outgrow them immediately -RRB- . The styling is really nice and the quality great . What a deal !
 These boots are great , I bought them to go with my halloween costume a while back and now I wear them every time I go out . Its been 7 months now and there still in great condition .
 These boots are well-constructed and even though they are man-made material , they look strikingly like genuine leather . The stitching detail is lovely and the color choice -LRB- our pair is red -RRB- is great . My daughter loved them straight from the box which was shipped very quickly . We 're impressed with the product and seller and would definitely recommend both .
 I like my boots a whole lot.My mom ordered them off Amazon.com and I am happy .
 They were wider than I had expected . Usually children 's sizes run more narrow and these ran much wider . I needed to wear two socks and they were hard to break in .
 Happy little cowgirl , was she . Her first pair of doody kickers . She is ready to hop on her Shetland and ride off into the street lights .
 super cute books . They came quickly and are of good quality . I am pleased with the boots for a 2yr old girl .
 My son loves to be a cowboy . He ca n't wait to go back to Wild West City for our annual trip . He wanted a new pair of cowboy boots , and even at 9 . many stores consider his foot size to be that of a man . Locally , a pair of cowboy boots for him may have cost me over $ 100 . We decided to look online . We found a pair that was reasonable and ordered them . Everyday he anxiously awaited his purchase . They arrived in the amount of time promised . He was so excited when he opened the box and they were all they said they would be . He was absolutely thrilled and they immediately went on his feet and the fit was excellent -LRB- I ordered them 1 to 1/2 size larger than what he is wearing so that he will have room and not outgrow them immediately -RRB- . The styling is really nice and the quality great . What a deal !
 I bought this bag in pink and love it ! The canvas is very sturdy . I like the fact that the bag stays standing while I fill it . I will use my two bags for road travels so I have all the necessities easily accessible while in the car . I 'm sure it would be great as a green alternative to the plastic grocery bags as well .
 These boots are well-constructed and even though they are man-made material , they look strikingly like genuine leather . The stitching detail is lovely and the color choice -LRB- our pair is red -RRB- is great . My daughter loved them straight from the box which was shipped very quickly . We 're impressed with the product and seller and would definitely recommend both .
 I like my boots a whole lot.My mom ordered them off Amazon.com and I am happy .
 They were wider than I had expected . Usually children 's sizes run more narrow and these ran much wider . I needed to wear two socks and they were hard to break in .
 Happy little cowgirl , was she . Her first pair of doody kickers . She is ready to hop on her Shetland and ride off into the street lights .
 super cute books . They came quickly and are of good quality . I am pleased with the boots for a 2yr old girl .
 My son loves to be a cowboy . He ca n't wait to go back to Wild West City for our annual trip . He wanted a new pair of cowboy boots , and even at 9 . many stores consider his foot size to be that of a man . Locally , a pair of cowboy boots for him may have cost me over $ 100 . We decided to look online . We found a pair that was reasonable and ordered them . Everyday he anxiously awaited his purchase . They arrived in the amount of time promised . He was so excited when he opened the box and they were all they said they would be . He was absolutely thrilled and they immediately went on his feet and the fit was excellent -LRB- I ordered them 1 to 1/2 size larger than what he is wearing so that he will have room and not outgrow them immediately -RRB- . The styling is really nice and the quality great . What a deal !
 This shoe is great to wear with jeans or a skirt/dress . It is comfy and stylish.You ca n't go wrong with any shoe from Donald J. Pliner .
 I love the shoes . They look cute on my feet . size does run a little bit small
 I bought these directly from Carrie B 's -LRB- I live in Portland -RRB- . They are fantastic practice dance shoes . The tops are soft , glove-like leather and you can wear them for hours at a time -LRB- they feel more like you 're dancing in socks than shoes -RRB- . They 're particularly slick on hardwood floors , but I even swing with them on carpet .
 The heel was a bit higher than I thought but given the height , I did n't get the leg fatigue I would normally get with that heel height . I have n't walked a long time in it to really check that aspect of it , but with just walking around the office for the day , my feet/legs felt just fine -LRB- did n't `` hurt '' -RRB- .
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 So even though I like these shoes from Kenneth Cole , I would NOT pay Amazon 's current price -LRB- which I 'm sure will change frequently :--RRB- -RRB- of $ 95 . I think I paid about $ 25 - $ 30 for these . For $ 25 , they are a steal . The shoes are very comfortable , though a little tight near the toes and where the leather criss crosses . I got them in my normal size , 8.5 , though I probably would have gotten a 9 had I tried them on first . The material is very high quality and the shoe is well made.It 's a tall heel , so I would n't plan to walk a great distance in these . It 's a very sexy shoe , but I have n't quite mastered walking in these yet . I think the slightly more snug fit could serve to make sure your foot does n't slide right out of these sandals when you 're walking ... yes , the material is that soft -- especially the leather insole . All in all , these are great , high quality shoes !
 This black suede slide is good looking , comfortable for its height and sexy . The heel is substantial and the workmanship is excellent . It incorporates their `` Silver Technology '' which contributes to its comfort . One thing I do n't care for in this shoe is the insole is a very smooth leather and when you wear them your feet slide around in them too much , making the shoe seem less stable . I have been wearing these shoes almost daily for work -LRB- office job -RRB- but I would n't wear them if you were going to do extensive walking . I also had to buy a half size up from my normal shoe size because they were so tight across my arch and toes , which is a consistent issue I have with Kenneth Cole shoes .
 These boots are well-constructed and even though they are man-made material , they look strikingly like genuine leather . The stitching detail is lovely and the color choice -LRB- our pair is red -RRB- is great . My daughter loved them straight from the box which was shipped very quickly . We 're impressed with the product and seller and would definitely recommend both .
 I like my boots a whole lot.My mom ordered them off Amazon.com and I am happy .
 They were wider than I had expected . Usually children 's sizes run more narrow and these ran much wider . I needed to wear two socks and they were hard to break in .
 Happy little cowgirl , was she . Her first pair of doody kickers . She is ready to hop on her Shetland and ride off into the street lights .
 super cute books . They came quickly and are of good quality . I am pleased with the boots for a 2yr old girl .
 My son loves to be a cowboy . He ca n't wait to go back to Wild West City for our annual trip . He wanted a new pair of cowboy boots , and even at 9 . many stores consider his foot size to be that of a man . Locally , a pair of cowboy boots for him may have cost me over $ 100 . We decided to look online . We found a pair that was reasonable and ordered them . Everyday he anxiously awaited his purchase . They arrived in the amount of time promised . He was so excited when he opened the box and they were all they said they would be . He was absolutely thrilled and they immediately went on his feet and the fit was excellent -LRB- I ordered them 1 to 1/2 size larger than what he is wearing so that he will have room and not outgrow them immediately -RRB- . The styling is really nice and the quality great . What a deal !
 If you plan on walking afetr a short breaking these are great , but for standing my feet started to hurt after about 45 min .
 I kid you not , from the moment that I put these shoes on , I felt well supported . They form to your foot without getting too cushy . And still , they support your arches and keep your foot in a position that helps your posture and overall positioning greatly.A power walk in these will give you about 50 % more workout , due to the Kalso Negative Heel . It 's pretty amazing . You 'll get a whole lot more bang for your buck.I have had these for about a month now . I 've gotten very attached to them . The other day I was doing some junky and messy yard work , so I put on my Old Balance -LRB- though still quality shoes -RRB- and within 30 minutes my knees and back were feeling the lack of support.I 'm sold ! I also bought a pair of sandals from Earth , equally wonderful.I do believe that I 'm starting a monogamous relationship with a shoe company .
 I bought these shoes to help with a problem I 'm having with pain near the ball of my foot . The problem is not existent while wearing these shoes ! The way these shoes feel does take a little getting used to ... they will actually change the way you walk . There is a lot of arch support . I tried changing shoes as often as possible and nothing really seemed to help ... I decided to buy these -LRB- I had tried them on at a local retailer first -RRB- because of how different they felt ... if you 've never tried an Earth shoe before I 'd recommend trying them on somewhere before buying . I normally take a size 8.5 and I had to return for a size 8 ... apparently they run a little big . The shoe does seem to be made very well and I will most likely buy another pair .
 The shoes were dlivered on time and are wonderful.If you like the way neg . heel shoes just roll along you will love these shoes.I walk 6 miles a day.As you walk your legs start to work with the shoes , it takes time , and the fluid motion gets easy.You just flow along.You 'll see . I think 8-10 miles will be easy.I hope these shoes last many miles.Dan
 Suffering from real foot pain due to years of working on my feet . Tried &#34; Rockports &#34; which were n't bad , but would regularly cause blistering or hot spots . These shoes are probably the best I 've worn for comfort . I bought a brown and black pair and wearing them daily to work has completely eliminated the sharp pains I 'd occasionally get in my feet . The manufacturer seems to use high quality material both inside and out . I think you will be pleased with these shoes if you work in a professional environment but need that extra support for long hours on your feet . Great buy !
 excelentes zapatos , lo recomiendo 100 % , son muy comodos , la compra se realizo sin problemas y el envio fue inmediato no duden en comprarlo
 Excelente producto y por eso es la calificacion que le otorgo al vendedor y tambien fue entregado en el tiempo estipulado . Los recomiendo 100 %
 This is my clarks 's shoe.I like it , it 's fit for my foot and comfortable.it 's worth to buy it.I think that i &#34; ll buy it next time .
 I THINK THAT THIS IS LEGEND AND IT IS VERY COMFORTABLEI LIKE IT AND ITS VERY NICE THANK FOR ALL
 They are much lighter than they look which was a surprise and a good one . They are very comfortable . I looked and looked and could not find any shoes like this . The Chukas were too heavy and bulky .
 fue una buena esperencia de haber echo negocio con ustedes y espero que sigamos haciendo negocio , el producto es bueno la talle fue exacta tonto que lo seguire comprando
 That shoos one of the best I buy ever high quality almost I have it more than 24monthe and stile in good shape .
 Comfortable . lives up to the reviews although probably the plainest -LRB- ugly -RRB- Clarks I have ever bought . And good value . If you just want a comfortable pair of shoes to walk in these will do it . I have had problems in my feet and frankly Clarks walking shoes mean that do n't have to spend money on orthopedic shoes .
 I bought tbese for my dad who is suffering with severely swollen feet and legs . He has been to several stores trying to find a pair that are wide enough and has not had much luck . I got these in the extra wide size and he is just thrilled to have a pair that actually fit and look good .
 excellent craftsmanship
 This is an excellent pair of shoes that will last . The sole -LRB- heel section -RRB- of my current pair is about half worn -LRB- but still very wearable -RRB- , but get this , this is after 7 years of almost daily wear , including long walks along the Vegas strip in various types of terrain . If I do n't look at the shoe bottom , my current pair is still looking new , since this pair of shoe is easy to keep looking new with only simple occasional maintenance -LRB- I clean and polish with some brown oil only once every few months -RRB- . It is also very stain resistant , as on a couple of occasions I got it dirty with a few scratches and I thought the shoe is now looking worn , but after cleaning and polish , they turn beautiful again and the scratches disappeared . I was amazed ! I even went out and bought a 2nd pair for future replacement , as I 'm very picky about my shoes . If you want a pair of shoes that looks descent and will last , then you should n't go wrong with this .
 I bought these shoes for my husband because he goes through shoes so quickly . He had a pair of these several years ago that he would still be wearing except our pomeranian chewed them up . Most shoes we buy him , even expensive name brands , seem to fall apart after just a few months . These shoes however last for years and are really comfortable . They are definitely worth the price .
 My husband has had a pair of these shoes in the past and really liked them . They size well , wear well , and are comfortable from Day one . Amazon outdid themselves with their pricing and very quick delivery ; ahead of schedule . Paperwork was enclosed in case there needed to be a return , but these were absolutely what was described and what my husband ordered . We would use them again !
 Previously purchased this same Clark 's Portland Oxford model several years ago . They were getting a little worn so I purchased this new pair . Hope that when the new pair gets worn out Clark will still have this model available . Its comfortable and well made . It is great value for the money .
 This shoes is beautifull , very comfortable , very flexible , leather genuine.Me encanta este zapato , es muy comodo , muy flexible y puro cuero de verdad.Clarks = Confortable
 I bought almost the exact same Clark 's shoe years ago , It lasted forever until the outside soles finally wore down . The upper body is still ok.Its comfortable and sturdy with a good fit . Good price as well .
 Cowboy boots do not fit the bottom of my foot , the shoe platform and insoles do on these shoes . So I wear them to do cowboy chores in and they have taken the abuse of work boots . More comfortable than any boots . Cowboys say the fit of the shoes to the hoof is very important.Sore hooves , no horse . Same with our feet!It 's all about COMFORT and DURABILITY .
 these shoes are very comfortable , the quality is excellent , the size was perfect and the shipping was very fast , I am very pleased and would definitely go back to trust this brand
 I like them . They are a little dorky looking but perfect for work . Very comfortable and great price , i recieved them on the earliest possible date , which was great !
 I love these shoes ! First , they are comfortable . I stand for most of the day , and the souls of these shoes are made perfectly , such that I can stand without leg aches . They are also comfortable when you are walking . The second great thing about these shoes is that they look good . They are in that range between casual and dress shoes . You would not wear them with a suit , but they are great with a pair of pressed slacks and a dress shirt . Finally , they last . The shoes are well made and do n't fall apart . The other thing I love about these shoes is that they come in Narrow . I have a narrow foot , and it is very hard to find narrow shoes . This is the best pair of shoes I have been able to find that come in narrow .
 Very well made and seem durable . I would like to inform those of you with flat feet that the portland oxford has a very high arch support insert . I 'm 100 % flat and these shoes are impossible to wear with the inserts that are provided . I replaced them with a set of the leading tennis shoe inserts and now it 's the perfect shoe !!! I 'll probably order the black in the near future .
 Excellent shoes , very confortable and they look good . Exactly what you would expect from clarks . Would recomend them to anyone looking for a light and confortable everyday shoe .
 we recently brought these shoes from amazon and they are great comfortable shoes to wear . The postage and packing was good as well and arrived about the time they said they would . will definitely buy agagin
 This is a good conservative shoe for wearing to work . The leather is soft and the stitching is consistent . The tab in the back makes it easy to pull the shoes on if you have n't loosened the shoelaces totally . So far there are no visible scuffs after about 10 wears .
 I bought these Portland shoes in brown because they look classier than the other pair I was considering , the Rockport World Tour , which look okay in black but does n't cut it in brown for anything much more than casual dress . But since I do own the Rockport 's in black and chocolate nubuck , I can make some comparisons to the Clark 's . The Rockport 's are lighter and slightly more comfortable thanks to the softer leather and cushier sole . However despite their firmer sole the Clark 's are still very comfortable in their own right , and I experience no problems even after hours of walking , it 's just that the Rockport 's are like walking on a cloud versus the firmer feel of the Portland . Another difference is the removable insole - the Rockport 's is thin and cheap versus the Clark 's thicker and more supportive unit . Though I had to replace it with my custom orthotic -LRB- which has less padding -RRB- , I suspect that if you have normal feet , leaving the stock insole in place would go a long way to countering the hard sole.Despite the sport-stripe loop at the heel of the Portland , the shoe is classy enough to be worn with anything less than a suit , whereas the Rockport 's are slightly more casual . So , if you favour class go with the Clark 's ; if you want comfort above all go with the Rockports .
 The shoes were just what i was looking for i think clark has stopped making that model shoe received the shoes in a couple of days great service
 I must admit , that I do n't have that many shoes , but have more than I need . I 've had these over a year now and do n't use them as much as I wanted to , because they are not the best looking -LRB- or probably not my favorite ones -RRB- . However , they do not look bad at all -LRB- they are just not trendy , but hey
 I live and work in New York City , which is a walking city . I work for a non-profit at the United Nations , so I need a shoe that is comfortable and appropriate for work at the United Nations . This is my new favorite shoe . It fits well . I got a 10 N. Most shoes no longer come in narrow sizes , so it is a real treat to have a shoe that actually fits my feet . It is comfortable , durable and looks great . Could n't ask for more . I 've tried many shoes looking for the perfect shoe for me . I 've had this pair for over a month and I 've found my perfect shoe for both walking and business .
 First time I tried on Clarks . Very nice looking shoe . Extremely comfortable right out of the box . Soft leather , padding below the ankles very soft . Only problem was the sizing is generous . Have to return the shoes but ordered one half size smaller . Liked them to much not to try again .
 Well made comfort shoesLike - Thick soft leather . Does not require wearing in - Very comfortable . Fits like a glove on day one - rubber sole has very good grip - leather is breathable - non leather material around collar makes it very comfortable for long walks . Good design . - leather is darker than pic . makes it suitable for business casual . Looks very good with jeansDislike - rubber on the heel has a very very slight hardness to it if you tend to land hard on your heel when you walk . Suspect because of the extra thick rubber padding at the heel for added durability - front design of shoe is a little flat and old school - retro `` grandpa shoes '' ; -0 ConclusionThis shoe runs half size big I think . Typical Clarks . I purposely bought my usual size so that I can add in an extra insole . It fits perfectly even with the insole.One of the most comfortable shoes I 've ever bought . Great Clarks design and quality .
 I received the shoes that fit what I saw in the picture when I decided to buy them . for which I am happy with my product and I recommend buying it !
 A great pair of shoes . The most comfortable pair of shoes I have ever owned
 Man , these shoes are comfortable , right out of the box . Similar shoes I have tried poach my feet ; these are comfortable after 8 hours on the job . I got really annoyed trying to find a wide shoe at all the usual places . `` These run wide '' they 'd say . I do n't need something that `` runs wide '' pal , I need a wide shoe . As a bonus , I found a place called Resole America that refurbishes Clarks , and have a had a pair of Clarks loafers resoled twice . There is n't a stitch out of place on them after five years . Great product .
 I received this shoe from UPS and very happy with it . This shoe was well made and comfortable . Only one thing that it made in china , so how long does It last I really do n't know . I will very happy if it made in england ... never , so sad .
 It iw a very good product i hope i has more less prices to make big market every where as it is very compfort , some of my friend will buy soon.thanks
 I have been wearing these Clark 's Portland Oxfords almost every day year round for the past 3 or so years and they seem to last forever . I recently bought a new pair only because of concerns that the style might be discontinued some day when they do finally wear out . Unlike many things being sold today , Clarks brand although a little pricey , are well worth the extra few dollars as they last forever and are extremely comfortable too .
 I have an extra wide foot and a job that requiresme to be on my feet a good deal . These shoes havebeen remarkable . Like wearing slippers .
 These shoes were on sale and were a good buy ! Comfortable and good looking I 'm pleased with the purchase .
 The leather is soft . Materials are high quality . Craftsmanship is perfect . The bottom is like sport shoes , but the top is like dress shoes . I can wear it with jeans , khaki or even slack pants . But the best of all is that I can walk all day long at work without hurting my feet .
 Those pair of shoes are so comfortable , i just need one of this kind to care my feet .
 What else to say ? Good value for this decent brand . Comfortable and true to size . Flawless delivery , too .
 Good quality , but not true to size :--LRB- My husband usually wear sise 11W , but this item - Clarks Men 's Portland Oxford , Black Leather , 11 W - bigger ...
 Clarks shoes are the best , stylish , comfortable , fashionable , for any occasion . used for all types of terrain and climate . my husband prefers all the features mentioned above . I recommend it . thank you very much
 son excelentes , c&ograve;modos y de gran uso . dese que los tengo los uso casi siempe y estan como nuevos , sobretodo la zuela
 This pair of shoes is very comfortable and met my expectations . The photos however does not show exactly how the shoe looks and feel .
 Why oh why did they discontinue this shoe . What a great basic shoe for everyday . I replaced it with a J&M shoe which i got a great deal on because i work with them on some things and it is a good shoe but not exactly what i liked like this one is .
 Excellent fit , no breaking in , just put on a go . They are like walking on pillows , ca n't wait to but another pair of Clark 's .
 I ordered this as a replacement for a pair I wore out . It took me several years to go through the first pair . These feel good but may not be as sturdy as my old ones . I 'm going to give them a few miles test walk then may go up to the 5 stars .
 Im on my feet all day on concret floors . The shoes carks are like walking on air ... I would buy them again for my next pair of shoes in the furture ... Eric Philadelphia Prison
 I am very happy !! i do n't have any problem , everything is okey , i recommend , i got this item at time
 I got this as a gift for my husband . Everyday he comes home talking about how comfortable these shoes are .
 These are very comfortable shoes , hold up well to the snow here in Wyoming . Somehow , the seam that goes around the upper border of the toe box makes them look a little cheap . Otherwise , these are really very comfortable . I can wear these for 14 - 16 hours in a day and my knees and feet are not aching at the end of the day so I am willing to accept however they look for that reason alone .
 Bought these for walking trade shows and work days , but good for casual evenings too.Very comfortable and nice looking .
 I was looking for a strong pair of shoes that would be worth investing in . Look no further . I trusted the ` Clarks ' brand and i was duly rewarded . This shoe is waterproof to an amazing extent . It also has nice stitches on it that hold it together very well unlike other shoes which use glue . the insides are made for comfort and really take good care of your feet on long working / active days ... I can attest to that , I 'm a high school teacher .
 They are so comfortable that they feel like tennis shoes to me . The actual color is darker than what they appear online .
 I have had these shoes for about a year now & they have been wonderful . Very comfortable & despite heavy use , they have held up well . Great if you do a lot of walking .
 I grew up wearing Clarks shoes . And had forgotten how comfortable they actually are . Well , i received my shoes today , put them on , and was immediately reminded . These shoes are terrific ! Amazon should have a category for people who are thoroughly satisfied with any given product . For anyone looking for total comfortability and style , you can not -LRB- repeat , CAN NOT ! -RRB- go wrong with these shoes . I was so satisfied , i purchased another pair -LRB- different kind though -RRB- . Amazon gets props for such a speedy delivery.Tarikh Bandele .
 Shoes arrived quickly . Bought husband 's regular size and they fit very well . Sturdy , strong leather . Very good arch support . Good heel height , very comfortable . Would buy them again .
 I have been wearing this for quiet sometime now . About 4 + yrs . . on and off It felt like tennis shoes from day one and still is.I always wanted to buy an ECCO Men 's Track II . I had tried the Ecco -LRB- my firend 's -RRB- but to tell the truth , these shoes are even better . I have worn it to showel snow and in hot sun . They are the best shoes so far I ever had . Good to see that it is still in the market without any design change . If at all the current pair wears out , without wasting time I will repeat the purchase : -RRB-
 I meant to try these on for a few minutes , but had them on for an hour because I kept forgetting to take them off . Usually I ca n't wait to take off a pair of new shoes . I 'm impressed .
 These shoes are nice to wear , leather is supple and appears to be good construction . Although I wish it was made in the U.S.A. it is made in vietnam . The sole comfort on your feet is not the best , ok i guess but i think dockers are more comfort . Perhaps it has to do with the outer rubber sole ? These have a sort of V design tread which is kinda weird to have as far as everyday shoe . More flat designs are more comfortable . Improvements Needed
 Es de muy buena calidad y comodidad . Realmente comodos y el color es muy fino . Visten muy bien . Precio razonable con respecto a la calidad .
 This is the second pair of these shoe I have bought . I bought these because the first pair felt comfortable all day . I stand and walk about 75 % of the day . These shoe maybe just a little heavier than some walking shoes but you will enjoy them .
 VERY COMFORTABLE , GOOD LOOK , AND WARM SHOES , RECOMMEND , MOSTLY FOR THE PRICE . FIT TO SIZE . IT IS VERY GOOD!THANKS .
 These business casual shoes do n't scuff even if you drag your feet , and are very light and comfortable . I would buy them again !
 I purchased this pair of Clark 's shoes for a two week vacation through Eastern Europe . They were a very good choice indeed . They were low impact and really comfortable due to the high quality insoles , medium grade leather and great construction . This pair of shoes took me from Prag in the Czech Republic , Minsk Belarus , Riga Latvia , Kiev Ukraine and then to Milan Italy . I have only one reservation about this shoe . They squeek like rubber duckies due to the soft plastic like inserts under your heals . This is a top notch stylish product . Do n't pass them up.Alan Light
 Estoy muy contento con mis nuevos zapatos . Estoy ansioso por las nuevas rebajas de Clarks
 I had this shoe for 2 years and are very comfortable.Wore them for Beach , play and lot of things.Now colour is slowly coming out . I can polish and wear them again .
 I 've been buying the same Oxford shoe for years . If you want a good walking shoe that is comfortable and looks good the Portland Oxford is the one you want . I wear the heals out after a year but I walk about 7 miles a day in all types of weather -LRB- rain , snow ... etc -RRB- . The only thing I do n't like is they are made in Vietnam , I wish they made them in the USA .
 It is comfortable , great for outdoor . But it is a little biger than its size . And overall the shoe is quite heavy .
 My husband has been very pleased with these shoes .
 I am addicted to Clarks shoes . I was looking for a strong pair of shoes that would be worth the money . Look no further , this pair is durable and really care for my foot . The shoes is very comfortable specially when wearing it for long hours , and they fit my foot perfectly.Another thing , is the price . I got this shoes after paying a visit to my local `` Clarks '' labeled store to find the same shoes on display for approx 170 $ in Dubai !! And that was it for me . I managed to get the shoes shipped to me and the total cost -LRB- including shipping -RRB- was less than half the price of my local store .
 This is the second pair I 've ordered , and that in itself should say something . I 'm on my feet almost all day four days each week , and a car accident left me with a bad back . Together , these two things could be a disaster , but the shoes have made all the difference . They 're comfortable and supportive , they cushion your feet against the hardest surface , and they actually look pretty good . I 'll buy a third pair when the time comes if they keep making the shoes this well !
 First shoes i ever ordered online and i 'm happy with the purchase . Shoes are very comfortable , not stiff leather . I 'm just happy to find the shoes that fit my personal style and my size !
 My husband says these are comfortable , but is a little less enthusiastic about them than the other Clark 's I 've bought him . I purchased three pairs of Clarks at the same time , all on sale , and the other two fit better while this pair ran a little large . He wears them , but not very often , because they feel too big .
 Very comfortable . Light weight , water resistant . I ordered the extra wide . It 's a bit wider than the normal W size . I should order the regular one instead . Overall , it 's very good .
 These shoes are one of a very few I have been able to wear all day without a break-in period .
 These are great looking shoes that are very comfortable to wear . For the price , you just ca n't beat them . They can be worn in the office or in a more casual setting . They are so good , I am ordering a second pair .
 The shoes are excellent and very comfortable . I have been using them for a week since they arrived and they fit like a pair of gloves .
 I bought these shoes , mainly for work . They look good with jeans , and I was getting tired of the adolescent look of my Vans . They 're comfortable to wear , they have a soft sole that does n't make hardly any sound when you 're walking , even on hard floors . I do n't know why I like that , but maybe you do too !
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 These boots are well-constructed and even though they are man-made material , they look strikingly like genuine leather . The stitching detail is lovely and the color choice -LRB- our pair is red -RRB- is great . My daughter loved them straight from the box which was shipped very quickly . We 're impressed with the product and seller and would definitely recommend both .
 I like my boots a whole lot.My mom ordered them off Amazon.com and I am happy .
 They were wider than I had expected . Usually children 's sizes run more narrow and these ran much wider . I needed to wear two socks and they were hard to break in .
 Happy little cowgirl , was she . Her first pair of doody kickers . She is ready to hop on her Shetland and ride off into the street lights .
 super cute books . They came quickly and are of good quality . I am pleased with the boots for a 2yr old girl .
 My son loves to be a cowboy . He ca n't wait to go back to Wild West City for our annual trip . He wanted a new pair of cowboy boots , and even at 9 . many stores consider his foot size to be that of a man . Locally , a pair of cowboy boots for him may have cost me over $ 100 . We decided to look online . We found a pair that was reasonable and ordered them . Everyday he anxiously awaited his purchase . They arrived in the amount of time promised . He was so excited when he opened the box and they were all they said they would be . He was absolutely thrilled and they immediately went on his feet and the fit was excellent -LRB- I ordered them 1 to 1/2 size larger than what he is wearing so that he will have room and not outgrow them immediately -RRB- . The styling is really nice and the quality great . What a deal !
 Converse Chuck Taylor All Stars are not just a fashion statement . Back in the day , they were my choice of athletic footwear -- following in my father 's footsteps -- while starting center on the high school basketball team . For a 6 ' 2 '' white guy with a moderate vertical leaping ability , I did n't have to worry about losing any spring in my step , and I always led stats in rebounds and blocked shots against players wearing the then-ubiquitous Adidas , Puma and Converse `` Dr. J '' hi-tops . In all fairness , and as a disclaimer , 80 % of the opposing team members were white guys , too.Still , though I have absolutely no vertical leap left -LRB- hey . I graduated 24 years ago -RRB- , I still wear these shoes , just because . Like one reviewer pointed out , they 're a great conversation starter . Plus , they 're as comfy as a second pair of feet.At the turn of the 20th to the 21st century , it appeared that there 'd be NO Chucks left at all
 i was looking everywhere for a deal and found the m VERY CHEAP priced here . overall the shoes look very cool and are extremely light . im used to vans shoes that feel heavy on the feet but these shoes are very light and thin as if walking on air . i like them so far . not bad at all .
 Not only are the the Puma Anjan trendy and hot but they are also the most comfortable shoes that I have ever worn . I bought my first pair last summer , as I work long shifts on my feet and these shoes are excellent for that . They are thin and have breathable mesh , I very much recommend you go out and buy them .
 I bought my puma 's on amazon like 4 years ago , before everyone else started wearing them . I ca n't stand big giant basketball shoes with velcro , and springs that look like space boots . If you want nice casual kicks you need to get some pumas . They have tons of cool colors and you ca n't go wrong with black . Who does n't love these .
 I am in the process of buying myself a pair of puma `` Anjan '' .
 These boots are well-constructed and even though they are man-made material , they look strikingly like genuine leather . The stitching detail is lovely and the color choice -LRB- our pair is red -RRB- is great . My daughter loved them straight from the box which was shipped very quickly . We 're impressed with the product and seller and would definitely recommend both .
 I like my boots a whole lot.My mom ordered them off Amazon.com and I am happy .
 They were wider than I had expected . Usually children 's sizes run more narrow and these ran much wider . I needed to wear two socks and they were hard to break in .
 Happy little cowgirl , was she . Her first pair of doody kickers . She is ready to hop on her Shetland and ride off into the street lights .
 super cute books . They came quickly and are of good quality . I am pleased with the boots for a 2yr old girl .
 My son loves to be a cowboy . He ca n't wait to go back to Wild West City for our annual trip . He wanted a new pair of cowboy boots , and even at 9 . many stores consider his foot size to be that of a man . Locally , a pair of cowboy boots for him may have cost me over $ 100 . We decided to look online . We found a pair that was reasonable and ordered them . Everyday he anxiously awaited his purchase . They arrived in the amount of time promised . He was so excited when he opened the box and they were all they said they would be . He was absolutely thrilled and they immediately went on his feet and the fit was excellent -LRB- I ordered them 1 to 1/2 size larger than what he is wearing so that he will have room and not outgrow them immediately -RRB- . The styling is really nice and the quality great . What a deal !
 I really like these shoes ! I just bought them at a local retail store and was looking on here to see if I could find them cheaper . I 've always loved Asics running shoes because they are so comfortable on my feet . But the main problem with my old Asics is they 're dorky looking for casual wear . These new casual style of Asics fit my feet like my old shoes and actually look great too ! They are very lightweight and almost feel like I 'm not even wearing shoes . Unlike running shoes , these are very thin and offer very little little support . Lots of shoes make my feet look big , but these make my feet look sleek . Workmanship appears good but I do n't think they will last as long as other shoes because they are so thin . Normally I would n't pay $ 70 for casual shoes but I did this time because these are so comfortable and good-looking . If you like Asics running shoes but want something better looking , I highly recommend these shoes!Update 10-2009Well I 've had these shoes over 5 years now and they are still in good shape . Granted I do n't wear them on a daily basis any more but I was really surprised how well they held up given how thin they are . Hope I can find another pair once these finally do break down ...
 I could not stop getting compliments on these shoes !! My friends are trying to take them away from me !! I knew I would get this type of response . They are comfortable , and sooo sooo classy ... and by all means dont have a pretty pedicure ... . you will think about foot modeling ...
 i was looking everywhere for a deal and found the m VERY CHEAP priced here . overall the shoes look very cool and are extremely light . im used to vans shoes that feel heavy on the feet but these shoes are very light and thin as if walking on air . i like them so far . not bad at all .
 Not only are the the Puma Anjan trendy and hot but they are also the most comfortable shoes that I have ever worn . I bought my first pair last summer , as I work long shifts on my feet and these shoes are excellent for that . They are thin and have breathable mesh , I very much recommend you go out and buy them .
 I bought my puma 's on amazon like 4 years ago , before everyone else started wearing them . I ca n't stand big giant basketball shoes with velcro , and springs that look like space boots . If you want nice casual kicks you need to get some pumas . They have tons of cool colors and you ca n't go wrong with black . Who does n't love these .
 I am in the process of buying myself a pair of puma `` Anjan '' .
 These boots are well-constructed and even though they are man-made material , they look strikingly like genuine leather . The stitching detail is lovely and the color choice -LRB- our pair is red -RRB- is great . My daughter loved them straight from the box which was shipped very quickly . We 're impressed with the product and seller and would definitely recommend both .
 I like my boots a whole lot.My mom ordered them off Amazon.com and I am happy .
 They were wider than I had expected . Usually children 's sizes run more narrow and these ran much wider . I needed to wear two socks and they were hard to break in .
 Happy little cowgirl , was she . Her first pair of doody kickers . She is ready to hop on her Shetland and ride off into the street lights .
 super cute books . They came quickly and are of good quality . I am pleased with the boots for a 2yr old girl .
 My son loves to be a cowboy . He ca n't wait to go back to Wild West City for our annual trip . He wanted a new pair of cowboy boots , and even at 9 . many stores consider his foot size to be that of a man . Locally , a pair of cowboy boots for him may have cost me over $ 100 . We decided to look online . We found a pair that was reasonable and ordered them . Everyday he anxiously awaited his purchase . They arrived in the amount of time promised . He was so excited when he opened the box and they were all they said they would be . He was absolutely thrilled and they immediately went on his feet and the fit was excellent -LRB- I ordered them 1 to 1/2 size larger than what he is wearing so that he will have room and not outgrow them immediately -RRB- . The styling is really nice and the quality great . What a deal !
 Love the shoes . I have this shoe in 5 colors . When I wanted a third WHITE pair could not find them on line at J. C. Penney 's as I have in the past and could not find the white shoes on line at Easy Spirit . Amazon directed me to Shoemall.com where they had this shoe in about 18 different colors . Thank you Amazon !
 I got these for my 93 year old mother who still walks for exercise . She has an extremely hard to find shoe size -LRB- 8 AAAA -RRB- and this is almost the only shoe made in that size any more so we are lucky to be able to buy it for her . She has these in several colors and finds them comfortable to wear every day , all day .
 Love these shoes - could not find them in ther stores in my area . They hae every color but white . Have a pair but they are really old and wanted a pair that looked nicer . The shoes are comfortable and they look a little more dressy than the normal tennis shoe . Paid a little more than the price at our stores but , they are worth the extra cost .
 I love Easy Spirit walking shoes . They are n't a sneaker and do n't look like one but that is what they feel like - very comfortable !
 I love these shoes . I work in a place that has a professional dress code and I ca n't wear sneakers or shower type shoes . Recently my company instituted a fitness/walking program of 10,000 steps a day . The floors in my building are hard stone/granite and can be slippery when the humidity is high , so I needed a shoe with a rubber sole , looked professional and gave support and comfort ... this shoe fit the ticket . The shoes are comfortable , very lightweight , well constructed and good value for my money . I would recommend them to anyone who walks or are on their feet a large percentage of the day.I 'm thinking of getting another pair in an alternative color . I have seen these shoes in various mail order catalogs for about $ 10.00 more than from Amazon -LRB- and the vendor -RRB- .
 I love these shoes . Have been wearing them for years and hope Easy Spirit does not EVER stop making them ! Great support for tired feet !
 I have a very narrow foot and I need shoes that I can put an orthotic in . Easy spirits work well for me . I love this color . It gives me a lift and I do n't feel quite as dowdy as usual !
 FOR ME , THE EASY SPIRT `` MOTION '' SHOE IS T_H_E PERFECT SHOE . I am unable to wear heels , -LRB- long story -RRB- -- but these shoes , which lace up as in any true oxford , have a streamlined look that many other oxford shoes today , burdened as they are with extra outside padding , do not . The result is , that this is indeed a SLIM , WALKING shoe , not a bulky sports shoe . It is as neat and pretty as any woman 's oxford shoe can be.This is a very , very comfortable shoe . It is not quite accurate to say it is like walking on air -- but it IS as comortable as a shoe can be , I believe , without going to the expense of custom-made shoes.When a shoe comes in many , many colours , you KNOW it has to be a GOOD shoe . Because so many people are buying it , the manufacturer can afford to branch out and make it in many different colours . For a very long time , I happily wore the WHITE color of this shoe , whilst my mom wore the WHEAT colour . We were both very happy with them!Then , I saw in a well-known catalogue , that they are available from the store associated with that catalogue , -LRB- on special order only -RRB- , in G O L D colour ! And not just a `` goldEN '' colour -- but a true , gold foil colour ! And at the same price as all the other colours ! All that `` special ordering '' the gold -LRB- foil -RRB- shoes , was to wait a few weeks longer.I have now worn the -LRB- shiny ! -RRB- gold -LRB- foil -RRB- colour of Easy Spirit `` Motion '' shoes for a few years . I have gotten several very nice complimnts on them as well ! And no wonder -- they look almost like golden-colour `` bronzedd '' baby shoes , or , are somewhat similar to the sheen in Princess Elizabeth and Princess Margaret 's flat pumps , in the famous `` double negative '' picture , by Marcus Adams -- taken in Buckingham Palace , with their mother , father , and corgi dog . The picture is in black and white , so I have no idea if the Princesses wore gold or silver pumps in it . But -- the foil-bright SHINE is the same ! In the words of the classic song ... '' Oh ... dem golden slippers ... ! ''
 This is a wonderful shoe . I had a hard time finding it until I went to Amazon and there it was . They are so comfortable and I feel safe in them as there is good support .
 I love my Easy Spirit Women 's Motion Fitness Casual Crocs . My feet are grateful for the caressing of these shoes . I no longer need to hurry home as I have comfort for the day . Thank you !!
 I have used Easy Spirit when I show my dogs for several years . They are light weight and have good traction when moving my dog . I wore my last pair for several years until my new puppy chewed them .
 These are the most comfortable shoes ever made and they look very conservative . I have them in several colors because they look good with slacks or skirts . They hold up well with everyday use and are lightweight so they pack well . If you try one pair , you keep coming back to them for your basic wardrobe .
 I purchased these shoes to wear for casual wear with my jeans when I did not want to wear my regular walking shoes . They are cute , stylish and comfortable for everyday wear , not recommended for heavy walking .
 I have had over 10 pairs of easy spirit shoes and have these in two colours . I have high insteps , high arches and hammertoes ... and these are still comfortable . The support is not as good as in their running and training shoes , yet plenty good for walking long distances and taking public transport daily .
 I got this pair of Easy Spirit shoes to replace my previous pair of Easy Spirit lace-ups , which had been my favorite pair of casual shoes for the past 15-20 years -LRB- I know , hard to believe they lasted that long - Easy Spirit is a great brand ! -RRB- . My new brown leather lace-ups are well-made , stylish , and very comfortable . If you 're looking for sharp-looking shoes that are easy on the feet for long periods of wear , I 'd say go for these !
 I have bought Easy Spirit shoes for years , so I knew the quality of this product . I was not disappointed . Shoes arrived in reasonable time , in perfect condition . Color and size as requested . Only wish I could get some other colors at this GREAT rate !
 I have been wearing this style for years at work where I am always on my feet . I was unable to find them at the Easy Spirit outlet but got them here no problem
 I LIKE THESE SHOES THE STYLE AND WEAR IS VERY COMFORTING . THEY CAN BE DRESS DOWN AND UP IN WHAT EVER YOU WEAR .
 These shoes are one of the most comfortable I have ever worn . They hold up very well . I have been buying them for years . It was great to find them on line because not every store carries them . I do n't know why .
 This is the third pair of Easy Spirit Motion shoes I 've bought . They are so comfortable and support my feet . I wear them to work and they look great with slacks . These shoes are very sturdy and well made as well as comfortable . I heard that Easy Spirit is discontinuing this style . I hope it is n't so !
 I have had several pair of these in the last 25 years or so . These are so comfy , no break in time required . I 'd like to see more fashion colors , though . I 'd love to have pairs in turquoise , bright yellow , orange , kelly green , hot pink , etc. . I wear these with slacks and tailored skirts , even certain dresses . They are very soft and comfy , durable , and make your foot look very small . I ca n't recommend them strongly enough to anyone who needs to be on thier feet a great deal , or who has foot problems , or who simply wants a sturdy-but-stylish walking shoe .
 My 94 year old Mom loves these shoes and they are almost impossible to find in the store . She as several colors of this style . Her feet are now smaller so we needed to adjust the size . Could not find them in regular stores . Mom loves the comforrable fit and they are safe for her to wear .
 I have worn Easy spirit Women 's shoes for years and they are really a good shoe.Gives good support and always fits well .
 Easy Spirit Women 's Motion Sport Lace UpThese are comfortable , casual shoes . They look dressier than most sport walking shoes and look good with better quality pants . However , I would not wear them to an exercise class .
 I have a difficult time finding shoes that will work for me . Most stores do not carry fashionable women 's shoes in wide widths . I am enjoying this pair of Easy Spirit Shoes in the color red . I would purchase these again without hesitation .
 Like all Easy Spirit shoes , this pair was well-made . I had to return the pair because the shoe was too small . Although I wear a 6.5 in other Easy Spirit styles , this shoe was too short . You may want to order a half-size larger if you order this style .
 The shoes were perfect but my Mother needed a 9.5 N and the shoe came in as a 9N and I had to return it . It cost me $ 15.00 to return the shoe and I wanted the right size but I received the credit for the shoes only on my credit card but not for the shipping either way ! So I was n't happy and probably wo n't use this service again.Thanks , kathy
 My feet are hard to fit , but I find this shoe comfortable and it provides good support . I 'm glad it is still available .
 I used to buy these shoes 15 years ago -- their quality has not changed . Still a good fit & made very well .
 I wanted a pair of comfortable walking shoes to use on a trip . I frankly hate the clunky , chunky , clumsy Frankenstein-like clodhoppers that seem to be ubiquitous in every store I visited looking for a simple fashionable walking shoe.I did n't think `` fashionable '' and `` comfortable '' were mutually exclusive ! I finally found these Easy Spirit shoes , and they were exactly what I was looking for.Easy Spirit shoes are light , airy , comfortable and go perfectly with jeans or chinos . They are water-resistant as well , so I had no worries about wearing them in rainy weather either . Love 'em .
 This is a great shoe for me . It is light weight yet supportive . It looks dressier than I expected , which I am very pleased about .
 These are the most comfortable shoes if you are on your feet all day . They look good and fit so well .
 I love these shoes , well made , comfortable and nice looking . I expect them to last me a good long time .
 Like all Easy Spirit Shoes , these are great . Order arrived a few days after placing the order . High quality shoes at a great price .
 I know I wear these shoes more often than I should , there are days when I should probably wear dressier shoes , but I wear one of my pairs of Easy Spirit Motions Sport Lace-ups everyday because they are so comfortable . They seem quite durable too .
 The shoe runs narrow . The inside label says both &#34; B &#34; and &#34; D &#34; , B is printed on top of a line and D is printed underneath . I do n't know what that means , I ordered D width , but they seem to be a B width by appearance . HOWEVER , they are very comfortable anyway on my wide feet ! They are well-made and quite attractive , I can wear them with nice dresses/skirts . I am going to order more .
 OK . I have been wearing this style of shoes for decades . Decades ! You do n't go back time and again to buy a shoe that is n't comfortable , long wearing , and a good value.One reason I keep coming back to this style of shoe is it looks very nice and neat . It does n't look weird . So many shoes look just awful and I ca n't imagine how anyone could wear them . I call them chunky-clunks as they do n't look feminine in the least.These shoes come in many colors -LRB- I usually buy a neutral color -RRB- and everyone should be able to find a color they like . I 've worn them in the rain and have had no trouble with them -LRB- not talking about floods here . -RRB- All in all , I recommend this style of shoes .
 A great fit . Comfortable . Easy care.Con
 I have worn this style of Easy Spirit shoe for many years . I 'm so thankful that it has n't chaged . It 's stylish , yet very comfortable and gives my feet excellent support . I thoroughly recommend it .
 Having been an Easy Spirit fan for many years , I 'm always looking for less-than-full price shoes . These `` Motion '' have been a consistently good buy , a great value shoe that holds up well , comfortable , polishes like new , and never separates at the seams . I wear the newest ones for outings , the older ones for around the house , the oldest ones for the garden . But I always watch for when they go for less than full price ... because I know I will get great , consistent shoes .
 My order was processed and shipped in amazing time . Thanks so much for your 5 Star Service
 I brought this for my Mother . She loves the shoes . This is the only place I could get them . Her Christmas was made by receiving this product .
 I found these to be a perfect fit . They are very comfortable and great for those long shopping trips . Look very nice with both casual dress and jeans .
 Finding these shoes on Amazon were like winning the grand prize in a raffle.My mother is 91 yrs . old and sent me on a ride visiting Easy Spirit stores totry and locate these shoes in this particular color to replace an older pair.I did not find these in any store . I decided to check Amazon and was nicelysurprised to find them . She is so happy and they are comfortable.Best part is making your mother happy , thank you Amazon .
 I have worn Easy Spirit shoes for many years and find them comfortable and durable . I have had ongoing back problems , and find these shoes to help lessen back pain .
 Easy Spirit shoes of all types are unquestionably the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn . I recently bought 5 different types of shoes and they are all fantastic . I have medical issues that make it difficult for me to wear shoes of any kind . Easy Spirit allows me to walk like I have n't for several years . Quality and comfort are fantastic .
 I purchased these for my mother and she was happy with the color and the size . Thank you very much .
 I always liked the Easy Spirit shoes.These are very comfortable and a good buy.I may order another pair in a different color.I would recommend them to anyone who wants a comfortable shoe .
 This is the 3rd pair of Easy Spirit Walkers I 've owned ... and have worn out the first two ! The new ones carried me happily all over Boston on a recent vacation and not a single complaint ! These are the most attractive walking shoes I 've seen or worn
 Easy Spirit 's Motion Sport Lace Up shoes :1 . Provide all day comfortable -LRB- sometimes you forget you have them on -RRB- .2 . Come in great colors .3 . May resemble ` old lady ' shoes -LRB- not meaning to be offensive -RRB- . Yet they match just about anything you wear -LRB- casual or business -RRB- .4 . Last a very , very long time . I am still wearing several pairs I bought five-six years ago and have n't had a problem yet .5 . Come in a large variety of sizes .
 These shoes are extremely comfortable . I have several pairs in different colors and wear them all the time .
 I love these shoes ! I have bought several pairs in different colors . They are as comfortable as atheltic shoes but much more stylish . But beware -- they run small ! I normally wear a size 6.5 , but I have to order a size 7 with these .
 What a pleasure to walk all day in a stylish flat that also offers cushioning and good support and not have to wear clunky running shoes with skirts . I broke several bones in my right foot four years ago and ca n't wear heels . I also have narrow feet . Well , this is the first shoe I 've been able to wear all day and still feel stylish without breaking the bank . I bought them in every color , including metallic silver and gold ! A shoe for all seasons : -RRB-
 The shoes have cushion where needed which makes it a very comfortable shoe for walking . They are also very good when you have to be standing for a lenghth of time . I would recommend this shoe for people who have to be on their feet -LRB- working/standing -RRB- for a long period of time .
 Converse Chuck Taylor All Stars are not just a fashion statement . Back in the day , they were my choice of athletic footwear -- following in my father 's footsteps -- while starting center on the high school basketball team . For a 6 ' 2 '' white guy with a moderate vertical leaping ability , I did n't have to worry about losing any spring in my step , and I always led stats in rebounds and blocked shots against players wearing the then-ubiquitous Adidas , Puma and Converse `` Dr. J '' hi-tops . In all fairness , and as a disclaimer , 80 % of the opposing team members were white guys , too.Still , though I have absolutely no vertical leap left -LRB- hey . I graduated 24 years ago -RRB- , I still wear these shoes , just because . Like one reviewer pointed out , they 're a great conversation starter . Plus , they 're as comfy as a second pair of feet.At the turn of the 20th to the 21st century , it appeared that there 'd be NO Chucks left at all
 Converse Chuck Taylor All Stars are not just a fashion statement . Back in the day , they were my choice of athletic footwear -- following in my father 's footsteps -- while starting center on the high school basketball team . For a 6 ' 2 '' white guy with a moderate vertical leaping ability , I did n't have to worry about losing any spring in my step , and I always led stats in rebounds and blocked shots against players wearing the then-ubiquitous Adidas , Puma and Converse `` Dr. J '' hi-tops . In all fairness , and as a disclaimer , 80 % of the opposing team members were white guys , too.Still , though I have absolutely no vertical leap left -LRB- hey . I graduated 24 years ago -RRB- , I still wear these shoes , just because . Like one reviewer pointed out , they 're a great conversation starter . Plus , they 're as comfy as a second pair of feet.At the turn of the 20th to the 21st century , it appeared that there 'd be NO Chucks left at all
 i was looking everywhere for a deal and found the m VERY CHEAP priced here . overall the shoes look very cool and are extremely light . im used to vans shoes that feel heavy on the feet but these shoes are very light and thin as if walking on air . i like them so far . not bad at all .
 Not only are the the Puma Anjan trendy and hot but they are also the most comfortable shoes that I have ever worn . I bought my first pair last summer , as I work long shifts on my feet and these shoes are excellent for that . They are thin and have breathable mesh , I very much recommend you go out and buy them .
 I bought my puma 's on amazon like 4 years ago , before everyone else started wearing them . I ca n't stand big giant basketball shoes with velcro , and springs that look like space boots . If you want nice casual kicks you need to get some pumas . They have tons of cool colors and you ca n't go wrong with black . Who does n't love these .
 I am in the process of buying myself a pair of puma `` Anjan '' .
 Initially when I bought it I had second thoughts , but when we received my husband really loved it .
 I got the shoes b/c they were on sale and while they are not top quality by any stretch , I only planned to use them for going to church and other such occasions so the liklihood of me wearing them out in a couple years is pretty small . I was looking for something that looked decent and was cheap and this fit the bill . If I was going to wear them every day to work or something I 'd recommend going with a more expensive shoe .
 Light weight , good fit and comfortable . Excellent price . I will have too see about how long these shoes last though , so I am unable to state if they are durable .
 Very comfortable and stylish . Goes great with business casual or with jeans . A +
 Really good shoes for the sale price -LRB- $ 25 -RRB- . Very comfortable , light-weight , and casual , yet dressy enoungh to wear with slacks , shirt , and tie . Good for cruising around the block or kick 'n around the house . Leather tops , rubber souls , ok tread for ice and snow . Sizes run a bit small ... I wear a 9-10 size , the 9 M fit nice .
 Finally , a pair of shoes that combine amazing comfort , cool casual style and an unbeleivable price.If that 's what you 're looking for , then these shoes are for you.Sincerely , Happy Feet
 The shoe is very good for the price . Unlike other models the Seam Roller fits to the leg properly . It looks unique . I like the shoe .
 Comfortable , well constructed , nice looking . I am not big fan of the flat sole , but getting used to it . Excellent value for the price -LRB- $ 25 -RRB-
 These shoes are exceptional value . They have a great combination of comfort , appearance , and low price . They also fit well - they match the stated size .
 I 've been looking to buy some brown dress shoes for some time now . Usually I end up being disappointed by the quality of dress shoes -- even pricier brands -- because they end up being all flash and no comfort . These Unlisted Seam Roller Oxfords , however , are a different story . Sure , they look great , but as an Amazon shopper you knew that already . They also feel great . The footbed is very comfortable , the sole is intelligently shaped , and the upper has enough lacing to tighten if necessary.The only downside to these shoes is the durability of the sole . The soles appear to be some type of soft rubber , which is n't a big deal unless you walk everywhere , like me . Also , because of the ridged design of the sole , I was n't able to attach ` wear protectors/heel taps ' to these shoes.The bottom line
 I bought these for my husband who is on his feet all day at work . He has been looking for something ` cushy ' and says these are great .
 The shoes came exactly as ordered and a perfect fit . They are even better than I expected -- a fantastic value !!
 What more can I say . This is a great shoe for the low low . Very comfortable and stylish . If you do n't believe me ask my feet
 Good quality Great buy bought for my brother as a gift and he loved them . Great for working at a place with formal attire required
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 This brand fits me very well , making it easy to order online which I have done more than a dozen times .
 I love this shoe . It runs a little big so I had to order the next size smaller , but it came in the next week . This shoe goes with anything . It 's my &#34; go to &#34; shoe . Love it .
 They are very comfortable . However , they have stretched some so I will putinserts into them & that should correct it . Otherwise very comfortable . If theyhave them in brown I will order .
 Just exactly what I wanted and the price was fantastic . This styleshoe is comfortable on the first wearing . : -RRB-
 I had been looking for comfy shoes that require no break in time . These took no time at all , they were comfortable from the first time I put them on . They do have a little bit of an `` older '' style to them and are not fashion forward , but with the right combination of clothing and accessories you could pull these off . Definitely worth the purchase .
 I like the shoe . it is nice and basic which is what i was looking for . I ordered a 10 N and it is not really that Narrow across the arch . but i put an insole in it and its is great .
 Basic loafer at a good price of $ 49.00 Look great . Nice thing about ordering online is they are NOT used as store samples as most small sizes are so they are completely NEW . Felt broken in after only one day
 I have been wearing this shoe for about 10 years and was disappointed not to find the black patent in my size , in the dept. stores I shopped in . Was very happy to find it on several sites but Amazon offered the best deal and I purchased 2 . I am waiting for a 2nd color , in my size , to come in . You never have to break in this shoe . It is soft from heel to toe .
 This is a great shoe that my wife has worn for years and is no longer available locally . This was a grat price and arrived very quickly . We will buy again .
 The product was accurately and beautifully displayed and was received in excellent condition in a timely manner . Would defintely order this way again . Thanks !
 Great shoe ! Love the selection of colors ! A must have !
 Excellent quality . I just wish the whole shoe was patent instead of top and heel .
 I have thin narrow feet . This is the best fitting shoe I have ever owned . I have worn nothing else for the last four years . I keep buying the same shoe over and over in different colors .
 I am on my tenth pair of Enzo 's . They are always in style , available in several colors , comfortable and most important to me ... they come in my small size ! My shoes were shipped promptly and packaged well . Very happy with entire transaction .
 I bought this shoe several years ago in a store in a medium width and they never fit right . These are just wide enough to be comfortable and dressy enough to go almost anywhere . They work with narrow ankle pants and jeans to give a finished look .
 I 've owned various colors of this shoe over the years . They are classic and comfortable . They feel a little tight when you first try them on , but they always stretch to fit your feet like a glove . Great shoe !
 I was really surprised at how great these shoes fit . They are really comfortable and I love wearing them . At first I thought they would n't be wide enough , but they fit great .
 They were a gift for my Mother . She likes them . ` Nuff said ? -LRB- Apparently not , since I had to add this filler . -RRB-
 Enzo most comfortable shoes . Have been wearing them for years . I highly recommend them to all who want a comfortable shoe .
 I have worn Enzo Liberty Loafers for years because they are the perfect flat shoe . This pair did not disappoint . The quality is excellent . The leather is soft and supple . No break-in time needed . They are true to size . I purchased black smooth leather which is basic black . I recommend these shoes . They are the most comfortable shoes in my closet . A great shoe with slacks , jeans , skirts or dresses . The ordering and shipping experience was good . I received the shoes during the time frames outlined during the ordering process .
 Loved them , but sent them back , because they are too narrow . I would keep them , but after 10 minutes of wearing them home , I felt pain , very sorry because they are so classy and nice .
 I love these shoes because the medium runs on the narrow side . They do come in narrow , but not always easy to find in popular size 7 . They are classic , tailored , like much of my wardrobe , so I own them in every color and color combination . They also wear well . Excellent quality at a good price . When I 'm really lucky , I find them on sale .
 These shoes fit true to size for me . I have this same style in several colors , and this is my 3rd pair of the chocolate color over several years . Highly recommended for comfort . Not a lot of padding in the sole , but the leather upper molds to the foot well . Great casual shoe .
 These are great shoes . I was thinking loafer , but not quite loafer and ran into these while searching . They are perfect with a little Croco flair to make them a little jazzier than just plain black . Always well made and size is just perfectly correct .
 These shoes are simple and comfortable , which is what I like in footwear . I purchased black , and I like them so much I 'm contemplating getting another pair in another color . I also think they 're very versatile -- somewhat dressy , but also look nice with a pear of jeans . I do n't think you 'll be disappointed with these -- they 're quality shoes .
 I have worn this brand of shoes for years - they are very soft leather and feel so good on my feet . This is a classic style that I hope they keep forever . They come in variety of colors and have that professional look that fits in the work place or anywhere else . Very comfortable shoes !
 These shoes were very nice and just what I was looking for but I had to return them because theydid not fit .
 I adore these shoes . It is so hard to find a nice pair of comfortable dress shoes . I hate high heels , and someone on the internet recommended these to me . I now have 3 pairs . You can dress them up or down , they are perfect for work with a pair of slacks , and best of all you can walk around A LOT without your feet hurting .
 These have got to be the most comfortable shoes I have ever purchased . The fit is perfect . The quality is flawless . I am sold . These are my first Enzo Angiolini 's . And they certainly will not be my last .
 I have bought many -LRB- 20 + -RRB- pairs of Enzo Angiolini Liberty Loafers over the years in different colors and fabrics -LRB- leather and suede -RRB- . They are great flats to wear to work or casually , and they fit true to size . A really good , solid , basic shoe . Shipping occurred within the advertised time frame .
 Based on a recommendation from my friend Becky , I purchased this shoe . She buys ONLY Enzo shoes and has them in various colors . We have bunions and since this is a soft shoe , it molds to the feet .
 This is my favorite shoe and brand.It always has the best fit and wear . I love the classic styling that is perfect for both pants and skirts.I received my order in a timely matter and am very happy with the seller.Thanks !
 Since I wear a hard to find shoe size -LRB- 9 N -RRB- , it has been more and more difficult to find a practical shoe in stores in our location -LRB- even in N.Y. , City -RRB- . I was delighted to find the The Enzo Angiolini `` Liberty '' shoe through Amazon . It 's perfect for casual and dressy casual wear - shopping and running to the dentist or doctor . Ordering was easy and service was prompt . I 'll do it again in the future .
 The softest shoe you can wear . Feels like putting on a glove . Have a number of colors . Lasts for years . Even accommodates my orthotics . Wear them for pleasure and dress .
 Enzo Liberty shoes are my favorites and this seller was excellent ; shipped quickly and was pleasant to deal with . Thanks !
 I am in love with Enzo Angiolini shoes ; I can always count on their style and comfort . The leather is really soft , almost decadent . I never have to worry about the fit ; you can slip them on right out of the box and wear them comfortably all day . I am ashamed to say how many pair I own , but definitely in the double digits . I liked the aloe color because it is so fresh and pretty for spring and summer ; I can wear them with a variety of outfits . They are especially nice for someone who does n't like heels because they look stylish and dressy . I could n't be happier with my purchase .
 I love these shoes . This was my second pair . The first pair had a leather sole and wore out quickly but these have a synthetic sole . They feel just as good but I hope to get a little longer wear out of them . However , I wear them a lot so I ca n't complain that they wear out ! I have very sensitive narrow feet and have a tough time finding shoes . I tried these on in a B width in a department store to make sure the length was OK and then ordered the narrow . Enzo Angiolini is great in my book .
 These are the very best shoes ever ! I have 6 pairs of them in different colors . I received them right away ! Very good service and shipping is reasonable !
 I love this shoe . I 've been looking for a flat comfortable shoe and Enzo is the one . I really love that fact that I was able to get this particular shoe on sale less that half the regular price and in large size . I have ordered several more colors and I love them all .
 I was very pleased . Comfortable fit.looks great under slacks . I have purchased several other pairs . These were at a sale price which was a bonus . Shoes arrived as stated .
 I 've been buying these shoes since the 1990 's and I love how comfortable they are . However , the last couple of pairs I got had soles that wore out quickly . I 'm hoping this was a fluke and that the next pair I get will be better .
 It 's a reliable and good product . I always wear this make of shoe . it was shipped well.thanks . and good price .
 I have had several pairs of this shoe . Looks good and feels great plus I wear a 101/2 which is hard to find . Ido not know why manufacturers of shoes think that after 10 they only make whole sizes . Will probably buy other colors of this shoe .
 These are probably my eighth or ninth pair of Enzo Liberty Loafers . I have had them in many colors over the years ; they wear well . I do have to replace my basic colors occasionally and these are replacing my old black ones . Thsey are comfortable from the first wearing forward , are a flattering fit and look good with casual and work clothes . When they are on sale , they are an unbeatable value .
 I am very pleased with these shoes . Only wish I could get them in white also . If available let me know
 I liked the flat enzo shoes . These are very comfortable.I have been wearing these shoes for quite some time.I would recommend these shoes to my family and friends .
 I love these shoes ! I had one pair and used them so much I was dreading having to get rid of the so I searched to find another pair since I had bought these so long ago , I was afraid they wer no longer available . Not only did I find them at amazon , but they were on sale and available with prime shipping . Need I say more . Ok maybe I will . They are comfortable and the patent leather on the top only dresses them up just enough but not too much .
 These are my favorite flats , by far . They are so comfortable and work well both with work clothes and my favorite pair of jeans . When one pair eventually wears out , I just buy another.I 'm very hard on shoes , but these tend to last better than other flats I 've tried , and they 're more comfortable .
 I 've been buying these shoes since 1991 and love them . The soft leather never gives you blisters and they always look great !
 These are my favorite shoes , and I have them in several different colors . I could n't find them in the stores anymore , but I found them here . They are very comfortable and stylish . I received them quickly and in excellent condition . The free shipping was just icing on the cake . I would recommend these for work - your feet wo n't hurt at the end of the day !
 Ordered this for a family member . They are the exact brand and type as I ordered in past , but this time do n't seem quite as well-made . Maybe they 've changed manufacturers or something . When I looked at inside , was a little sloppy re way put together .
 Have been buying these shoes for about 17 years . I love shoes , but hate wearing them ! These shoes I can wear comfortably from the get go . I was a little worried about size and quality changes as the last couple of pairs I bought were not true to size - I wrote the manufacturer to let them know . These are good , reliable , well made , comfortable shoes . And they come in lots of colors . Well done Enzo Angiolini for maintaining a great product and quality for all these years .
 I 've bought many -LRB- 20 + -RRB- pairs of Enzo Angiolini Liberty flats/loafers over the years in all colors and fabrics -LRB- leather and suede -RRB- , and they are comfortable , quality shoes for work and casual wear . Shipping as advertised .
 I own these shoes in about ten colors . They are well made and I search the internet to find them . Lazarus carried them but Macy 's bought Lazarus , and now these shoes are no longer available locally ! That 's why I am buying them online .
 Received the shoes I ordered very fast and they were just what I ordered . I 'm very happy with this transaction and would purchase again in the future .
 I have been buying Enzo Angolini 's Liberty flats since the late 80 's / early 90 's . These are my favorite flats to wear with just about anything !! Not only does the style go with so many outfits , it 's exceptionally comfortable . I have many -LRB- MANY -RRB- shoes and these are the only ones I wear often enough to wear out . I 'm so happy to find that Amazon is selling this shoe -- making it much easier to purchase !!
 The Enzo Liberty flat arrived in a timely manner and was exactly what I ordered and what I expected . It has become increasingly difficult for me to find 10N in a store so this is the ideal way for me to buy shoes .
 I have had two pair of these shoes and they have always been the most comfortable & frequently worn.It is difficult to find a narrow width in the stores & I was happy to find them on amazon . Theshipping was fast & the shoe was as ordered , however , it was much too tight & had to bereturned . I am very disappointed that the shoe was too tight .
 Very good flats for everyday use ... great to slip into for going to the mall or groceryshopping , but also very chic going to the office ...
 I received these shoes within two days of ordering them andthey were exactly what I wanted . I know my exact size and this shoe was consistent with the sizing I had experienced in department stores . This product was unavailable in these same stores and had been replaced by a generic brand , so I was delighted to find it on line and the quick delivery was second to none !
 The Angioline Liberty Flats are available in numerous colors for a reason . The comfort , fit , quality , and appearance ca n't be beaten . No matter what you wear , there 's a color of shoes to match , and they always look nice . I have many people ask me where I buy my shoes , and I 'm more than happy to tell them . I recommend The Shoe Mall , and Angioline shoes to anyone who 'll listen .
 These shoes are like wearing slippers . I have them in every color and wish they would wear out so I could buy more . They last forever .
 The process for finding this shoe on the web site was easy and straight-forward . I received a confirming email from both Amazon and Shoe Mall . The shoes arrived within a week and are just as illustrated online . For me they are a tad snug , but I expect that to lessen as I wear them . I plan to order again from this vendor .
 Enzo never lets me down . This is a great shoe - comfortable , classic , tailored with a little bit of flare . Works well with jeans , slacks and even the right dress or skirt . I 'm considering buying another pair .
 The Loafers arrived , they looked great . They were a tad tight , but after the first wearing , they were perfect.I am very happy with the quality of the leather , the fit and the workmanship.I would and will buy these again .
 I love these shoes ! This is the 2nd time I have purchased these . I have them in both silver and gold and they are very comfortable and stylish . I am a teacher so I am on my feet all day and these are some of my favorite shoes . You ca n't go wrong with these !
 I purchased these shoes as a gift for my wife - she has several pair in various colors . They arelight weight , made of real leather , and they lookgood either dressed up or with jeans .
 These shoes are fun and comfy . The can be used for either casual or dressy attire . I love Enzo 's . They fit well , are made well and last forever . I 'd recommend them to anyone looking for a great pair of flats .
 My husbands aunt gave me a pair of these shoes and I have been hooked ever since . These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned to work in . I am overweight and they do n't really give any support ... but oddly ... my feel never ache ! When my current pair wears out , I will be buying another just like them ... and will continue to do so . Also , if I ever find them on sale , I will stock up on several pairs ! ... that is how great they are ! Love 'm
 I loved my shoes so much that I wanted to purchase an additional pair . However , the vendor stated the shoe was out of stock and no longer available for purchase . It would have been nice to be notified once the shoes was back in stock
 I found it impossible to locate the Enzo Angiolini Liberty flats in stores locally . They are only available online . I have worn these shoes for many years and delighted that I am still able to locate them through Amazon . The shoe is like wearing air , extremely comfortable and stylish with a variety of colors .
 I keep buying Enzo Liberty black patent/leather shoes . When one pair wears out , I buy another . They are comfortable ; they dress up a pair of jeans -LRB- I ca n't wear heels -RRB- ; they dress down a skirt or dress . I love them .
 This is a wonderful soft comfortable shoe that 's perfect for every day wear but can take you into the evening as well . I bought two of the same in different colors . Highly recommend .
 Excellent fit . made well . would definitely purchase again.I wear a 5 1/2 but since these shoes tend to stretch a little over time i purchased a 5 .
 I own 6 pairs of these shoes in different colors . They are classic flats ! I wear them to work and for both casual and semi-formal events . You simply can not beat them for comfort and style !
 On the Amazon page , these shoes were listed for 24.95 or something similar to that . Amazon apparently passes this order along to `` Shoe Mall '' and the price there was 59.95 . The shoes were listed with the size and then AA , or AAA . On the bottom of my old shoes the width is listed as N for narrow . The problem was that I did not get any information until the order was confirmed . I still wanted to order these shoes , because I like them and can no longer find them in the department stores here in Orlando . I could not see the finished order to confirm that it was what I wanted until I got the confirmation . When the shoes were received , they were too narrow and I had to return them for a different size . Returning cost me $ 8.90 . It has not been a very good experience .
 This shoe is a classic . When I could no longer find this style in the stores , I was delighted to find it was available online .
 Have worn these for work for years and they are wonderful . They are leather and wear very well and are very comfortable and last for years .
 These shoes never go out of style because they are classic . I ordered the black as mine were worn out . I have other colors , too.No breaking - in period or size problems , either . And the price was great !
 I did not give this a 5 star only because the sizing was large . I always wear a 7.5 but these are wide on me .
 Nicely made and soft leather shoe . Very comfortable and smart looking . Would recommend to all . A good price compared to the department stores .
 I 've worn Enzo 's Liberty Loafers for many years and I LOVE them . When these shoes arrived I slipped them on and felt comfortable right away . There was no need to break them in or use a shoe stretcher to get them to fit just right .
 I bought this pair to replace another black pair that I have worn for years . I wear these to my dance class and with the leather soles , they glide smoothly on the floor .
 Vert comfy - but I would suggest a half size to full size larger if you are not fimilliar with such bodacious heels - they make your legs look KILLER !
 I am very pleased with this purchase ... Shipping was prompt and smooth ... Not everybody can handle a 5 '' heel ... but this is what I had been looking for ... I 'd definitely buy from this seller again !!!
 i was looking everywhere for a deal and found the m VERY CHEAP priced here . overall the shoes look very cool and are extremely light . im used to vans shoes that feel heavy on the feet but these shoes are very light and thin as if walking on air . i like them so far . not bad at all .
 Not only are the the Puma Anjan trendy and hot but they are also the most comfortable shoes that I have ever worn . I bought my first pair last summer , as I work long shifts on my feet and these shoes are excellent for that . They are thin and have breathable mesh , I very much recommend you go out and buy them .
 I bought my puma 's on amazon like 4 years ago , before everyone else started wearing them . I ca n't stand big giant basketball shoes with velcro , and springs that look like space boots . If you want nice casual kicks you need to get some pumas . They have tons of cool colors and you ca n't go wrong with black . Who does n't love these .
 I am in the process of buying myself a pair of puma `` Anjan '' .
 These Hot Sexy Two Lips Wedge Shoes are a pair of my Favorite 's ... ! I Love These Shoes , they are comfortable & look great with jeans , shorts & skirts or dresses . They are just a great pair of heels to have in your collection . Thank 's , Cherie Ball
 I had been looking for some mountain biking shoes for while and I bought these with some gift cards that I had and did n't expect much since I did n't try them on before buying them . These shoes have been great and I have had no issues in the 2 seasons that I 've been riding with them . Like many shoes , the cleats on the bottom are adjustable and I use the wrench to tweak them from time to time without any issues . Normally Adidas do n't fit well for me , but these work great . I like the tread on the bottom and the ability to hose them off after a muddy ride . They have kept their shape well too .
 I recently purchased these after a prior purchase of Rockport for a week long convention where I was always on my feet . There quality brought me back and the style sold me . I am 100 % satisfied with this shoe it 's how shoes should be done . If you think about how much we are on our feet each day then it is worth it to not get the cheap shoes if you can help it trust me I know ! Out of five pairs of my favorite shoes Rockport 's are two of them .
 These shoes are very comfortable and trendy . Only problem is the laces which are short and are made of nylon instead of cotton which makes it slippery , I need to tie it atleast 4-5 times a day .
 For $ 35 , it is a steal . It looks really beautiful and expensive.Anyway , it seems to be half a number smaller than it is.After wearing it for a while , it turned to be ok for me now.So I wear it everyday . Very comfy and Great traction on every surface.In sum , I am very satisfied for every buck I spent for it .
 I have had these for about a year , just love them . They are comfortable , stylish and warm in the winter . A good buy .
 i was looking everywhere for a deal and found the m VERY CHEAP priced here . overall the shoes look very cool and are extremely light . im used to vans shoes that feel heavy on the feet but these shoes are very light and thin as if walking on air . i like them so far . not bad at all .
 Not only are the the Puma Anjan trendy and hot but they are also the most comfortable shoes that I have ever worn . I bought my first pair last summer , as I work long shifts on my feet and these shoes are excellent for that . They are thin and have breathable mesh , I very much recommend you go out and buy them .
 I bought my puma 's on amazon like 4 years ago , before everyone else started wearing them . I ca n't stand big giant basketball shoes with velcro , and springs that look like space boots . If you want nice casual kicks you need to get some pumas . They have tons of cool colors and you ca n't go wrong with black . Who does n't love these .
 I am in the process of buying myself a pair of puma `` Anjan '' .
 I took up jogging in 1995 and the Adidas Response was my very first pair of `` true '' running shoes . I run ~ 4 miles everyday -LRB- currently -RRB- . Ive tried many-a-shoe over the years and these are still the best & most comfortable thing I have ever run in.Running everyday means having more than a single pair of runners is a necessity -LRB- to prevent injury and sore feet -RRB- , and by far , the Response is my favorite .
 I have to say after a month usage this is a great sneaker . I actually use them as an everyday sneaker because I walk a lot on concrete and I 'm on my feet all day . The comfort level is fantastic . The heal is like a shock absorber . They are very light and breathable . The only downside I found was the lack of water resistance . Since the material `` breaths '' it lets in water so I would not run on grass early in the morning when the dew is present . I 'm very pleased with this running shoe .
 I have tried all brands of running shoes over the last 30 years ... and have found Nike to be superior to all others in terms of fit and durability . I got this Adidas shoe to use as my racing shoe based on a strong rating by Runner 's World combined with its good price . It is built for training but is much lighter than the Nike shoes I actually use for training . My only complaint is the arch support digs in a little bit -LRB- otherwise , 5 stars -RRB- . That said , if money was no object , I 'd stick with Nike.The best news ... it does n't even feel like I have a shoe on when racing !
 I bought these shoes because I have a foot condition -LRB- it happens when you get older -RRB- . It does what I need , gives good support and comfort and looks great . I have always had good results with Adidas shoes and will continue to buy them .
 i have always liked adidas but for some stupid reason i shopped around for a new pair of running shoes . i ended up returning a pair by a brand not to be nike , uh , er , named . i really like the way these feel on my feet . i run between 15 and 20 miles a week , i highly recomend these to anyone who runs , walks , or just needs some comfy shoes .
 I bought these shoes , broke them in for a couple of days , then went on a 5-mile run . It was amazing . I could hardly feel these shoes . I have very high arches , so these shoes are perfect for me . I 've loved Adidas and Asics shoes . I 've tried on Nike shoes , but they never fit me very well . Everyone 's feet are different . I bought these shoes without trying them on , but I 'm glad I took the chance .
 As everything I buy from Amazon it is an Excellent Product , Excellent dispatch time and Excellent Service . What more can you ask ?
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 Vert comfy - but I would suggest a half size to full size larger if you are not fimilliar with such bodacious heels - they make your legs look KILLER !
 I am very pleased with this purchase ... Shipping was prompt and smooth ... Not everybody can handle a 5 '' heel ... but this is what I had been looking for ... I 'd definitely buy from this seller again !!!
 I kid you not , from the moment that I put these shoes on , I felt well supported . They form to your foot without getting too cushy . And still , they support your arches and keep your foot in a position that helps your posture and overall positioning greatly.A power walk in these will give you about 50 % more workout , due to the Kalso Negative Heel . It 's pretty amazing . You 'll get a whole lot more bang for your buck.I have had these for about a month now . I 've gotten very attached to them . The other day I was doing some junky and messy yard work , so I put on my Old Balance -LRB- though still quality shoes -RRB- and within 30 minutes my knees and back were feeling the lack of support.I 'm sold ! I also bought a pair of sandals from Earth , equally wonderful.I do believe that I 'm starting a monogamous relationship with a shoe company .
 I bought these shoes to help with a problem I 'm having with pain near the ball of my foot . The problem is not existent while wearing these shoes ! The way these shoes feel does take a little getting used to ... they will actually change the way you walk . There is a lot of arch support . I tried changing shoes as often as possible and nothing really seemed to help ... I decided to buy these -LRB- I had tried them on at a local retailer first -RRB- because of how different they felt ... if you 've never tried an Earth shoe before I 'd recommend trying them on somewhere before buying . I normally take a size 8.5 and I had to return for a size 8 ... apparently they run a little big . The shoe does seem to be made very well and I will most likely buy another pair .
 The shoes were dlivered on time and are wonderful.If you like the way neg . heel shoes just roll along you will love these shoes.I walk 6 miles a day.As you walk your legs start to work with the shoes , it takes time , and the fluid motion gets easy.You just flow along.You 'll see . I think 8-10 miles will be easy.I hope these shoes last many miles.Dan
 i was looking everywhere for a deal and found the m VERY CHEAP priced here . overall the shoes look very cool and are extremely light . im used to vans shoes that feel heavy on the feet but these shoes are very light and thin as if walking on air . i like them so far . not bad at all .
 Not only are the the Puma Anjan trendy and hot but they are also the most comfortable shoes that I have ever worn . I bought my first pair last summer , as I work long shifts on my feet and these shoes are excellent for that . They are thin and have breathable mesh , I very much recommend you go out and buy them .
 I bought my puma 's on amazon like 4 years ago , before everyone else started wearing them . I ca n't stand big giant basketball shoes with velcro , and springs that look like space boots . If you want nice casual kicks you need to get some pumas . They have tons of cool colors and you ca n't go wrong with black . Who does n't love these .
 I am in the process of buying myself a pair of puma `` Anjan '' .
 Converse Chuck Taylor All Stars are not just a fashion statement . Back in the day , they were my choice of athletic footwear -- following in my father 's footsteps -- while starting center on the high school basketball team . For a 6 ' 2 '' white guy with a moderate vertical leaping ability , I did n't have to worry about losing any spring in my step , and I always led stats in rebounds and blocked shots against players wearing the then-ubiquitous Adidas , Puma and Converse `` Dr. J '' hi-tops . In all fairness , and as a disclaimer , 80 % of the opposing team members were white guys , too.Still , though I have absolutely no vertical leap left -LRB- hey . I graduated 24 years ago -RRB- , I still wear these shoes , just because . Like one reviewer pointed out , they 're a great conversation starter . Plus , they 're as comfy as a second pair of feet.At the turn of the 20th to the 21st century , it appeared that there 'd be NO Chucks left at all
 Converse Chuck Taylor All Stars are not just a fashion statement . Back in the day , they were my choice of athletic footwear -- following in my father 's footsteps -- while starting center on the high school basketball team . For a 6 ' 2 '' white guy with a moderate vertical leaping ability , I did n't have to worry about losing any spring in my step , and I always led stats in rebounds and blocked shots against players wearing the then-ubiquitous Adidas , Puma and Converse `` Dr. J '' hi-tops . In all fairness , and as a disclaimer , 80 % of the opposing team members were white guys , too.Still , though I have absolutely no vertical leap left -LRB- hey . I graduated 24 years ago -RRB- , I still wear these shoes , just because . Like one reviewer pointed out , they 're a great conversation starter . Plus , they 're as comfy as a second pair of feet.At the turn of the 20th to the 21st century , it appeared that there 'd be NO Chucks left at all
 Great product and at a great price -- shipping was fast & exactly as pictured .
 i was looking everywhere for a deal and found the m VERY CHEAP priced here . overall the shoes look very cool and are extremely light . im used to vans shoes that feel heavy on the feet but these shoes are very light and thin as if walking on air . i like them so far . not bad at all .
 Not only are the the Puma Anjan trendy and hot but they are also the most comfortable shoes that I have ever worn . I bought my first pair last summer , as I work long shifts on my feet and these shoes are excellent for that . They are thin and have breathable mesh , I very much recommend you go out and buy them .
 I bought my puma 's on amazon like 4 years ago , before everyone else started wearing them . I ca n't stand big giant basketball shoes with velcro , and springs that look like space boots . If you want nice casual kicks you need to get some pumas . They have tons of cool colors and you ca n't go wrong with black . Who does n't love these .
 I am in the process of buying myself a pair of puma `` Anjan '' .
 Well constructed , tightly sewn , fur-lined . Keeps my feet warm and toasty in cold weather . Soles stick to icy surfaces good , limited slippage . Can be flattened somewhat to put in suitcases .
 I love these slippers so much , that I purchased an extra pair . I 've had these before & they are super comfy !
 My wife bought me these as gift when my old slippers got too ratty . I hate change but loved changing to these . They are warm and comfy . They are also good quality and will last many years .
 These slippers are very comfortable and warm . I 'm very happy to have bought them.My only &#34; problem &#34; is that even though they 're a size 16 , they felt smaller at first.All n ' all , I 'd recommend them .
 I ordered a men 's size 10 . I wear size 9 shoes . These seem a bit narrow , so double socks are not an option . They are warm , though .
 I 'm glad I read the reviews and ordered a larger size than I thought I would need . I normally wear size 12 , but after reading the reviews that all said they run small I ordered the largest size available at the time which was 13 W. I would have ordered a 14 but it was n't available at the time . 14 would have been perfect but these will do . ORDER LARGER THAN YOU THINK YOU NEED .
 They are nice and warn and can wear outside . But the fit a little too snug . They strech a little , so you need to buy larger sizes than what you wear ! Other than that I love them
 My husband really enjoys these new slippers . He has very wide feet and the slippers could have been a little wider , but I 'm sure will stretch a little with use .
 The product arrived quickly and in good condition . They were a gift for a friend and since it is summer , he has n't really worn them yet . They fit well -LRB- he is a size 11 or so -RRB- and are comfortable .
 I received them several days earlier than the estimated time , that is really nice . I read the reviews and ordered an 11 size , I normally take a 10 or 10 1/2 , the size is just right , Thank You to those who suggested a larger size.I think these slippers are almost perfect , they are warm , they breath so my feet do n't sweat , they stay on my feet while walking around , and are made well enough to wear outside to feed the dog or get something out of the car , I 'm not sure though how they would be if walking through wet grass because of the outside material -LRB- maybe spraying then with some Scotch-Brite would work -RRB- , all in all I recommend these and will certainly order another pair when necessary.The free fast shipping is excellent too.Edit on this purchase
 Great warmth , comfort and quality ... IF you order 2 sizes larger than what you wear . These slippers are wayyyy small . Also order the `` W '' for wide . You will NEED it . I wear mens size 12 . Based on other reviews , I ordered size 13W . Wish I had ordered one size larger .
 very comfortable and keep my feet very warm . I would recommend this product to a friend . wow I am not sure what else to say to complete th amount of words .
 Positively order these a size to large . I wear size 12 shoes , as other reviewers suggested , I ordered size 13 . I could have even ordered 2 sizes but they 'll do , as they will stretch some . Very quick shipping , unlike some other items I have ordered . They are nice slippers , warm . . just nice .
 This is the same slipper given to me as a gift 2-3 years ago , and I wore the darn things out -LRB- very reasonable under the circumstances of use -RRB- . So , I ordered a replacement pair for myself because my old pair are wearing thin.Recommend ? Absolutely yes ... 100 % !!! They are fantastic for not just wearing around the house , but also for slipping outside to grab the mail , pull in the trash recycle bins , or just running to the car to get something I forgot.Just be sure to pick the right size and width , otherwise you 'll have slippers that are so tight-fitting that there is no air circulation , and then foot odor will be a problem.A + + + , two `` thumbs-up '' , 5 stars , or whatever rating system you have confidence in . I love 'em ! NOTE
 I looked high and low for this type of boot slipper . Deerfoams used to make them but apparently not anymore . When I wear sliipers I want them to keep my ankles warm too and these are perfect . I only gave four stars because within a month one of the pull straps broke . Otherwise I love them .
 I got these because they were the least expensive I could find of this type . I had previously paid -LSB- ... -RSB- for very comfortable boot slippers at Walmart , 3 pairs of them over the years , and if I got the chance to look again I 'd do so ... and stock up.I went a size larger as as most people suggested and , although they are a little big theyare OK . They are not as flexible as my earlier ones and they do have a tendency to fall hard on the floor almost like an actual shoe and not your typical slipper , but hopefully they will improve with wear .
 I concur with one the earlier reviews in that the boot slipper is excellent but watch the sizing . If you go 1 to 2 sizes above your regular size you will be good to go . Recommended .
 I am very satisfied with these slippers . Lightweight , warm , comfortable , and have good outdoor soles These slippers felt too tight in the toe area at first , but after a week of wearing them the fleece lining compacted . They need a break in period to know their size . Low price is a bonus . They appear sturdy but have had them only a week so can not judge durability .
 I do n't know how I missed all the warnings about how small these run but I did . I ordered size 9 's for my husband and he ended up giving them to our daughter who wears a women 's size 9 and they were even a tad tight at the top of her feet but will probably stretch in time . Very well made and very warm and comfy but not at all true to size . A bit narrow too . I have now ordered 11 's for my husband because he often wears socks with his slippers . I 'm hopeful they will be a good fit . Order at least one size up , perhaps two sizes if your feet are wide or if you like to wear socks with your slippers . Quality and comfort are 5 stars but fit gets only 1 .
 I have a finished basement than can get pretty cold so I went to look for something that was good and affordable . I got it in these slippers . The only reason I did n't rate it a 5 star is that the small pulling tab at back of one slipper ripped off the 2nd time I put them on . No biggie though .
 Great slippers . Good sole -- tough but flexible . Very warm , but breathable so feet stay snuggly and dry . Obviously designed for function -- not going to make a fashion statement here -- but look better than the photos suggest .
 I bought these slippers for my son for Christmas . He loves them ... says they 're warm & comfy . I love them because he can walk next door in them and have coffee with me .
 The shoe is very comfortable , but is small and tight in the toe . I would recommend ordering a size up from what you typically wear , especially if you want to wear socks inside the shoe .
 I had a previous pair of these slippers and they really were comfortable but wore out after two year so I got a replacement .
 Had to cut with scissors the front tongue where the sewing begins so that I could wear the slippers . The slippers are fine now .
 These are nice slippers and were received in a timely manner . However , even though I ordered these a size larger based on other reviews , they were still way too small . I returned them and reordered them two sizes larger . Return and reorder process was very easy . Other purchasers may want to consider ordering 2 sizes larger .
 It is important to order a size larger , I have large size 13 feet , and the size 14 slipper fitted me . I have been wearing the daily for about a week , and they mold to my feet , and fit better each day.I have used them outdoors for taking out garbage , and feeding birds etc , and they seem to stand up well to light rain , and humidity ... They do keep my feet warm , and -LRB- so far -RRB- not uncomfortably hot.So far I 'm happy and would recommend them . I took off one star for inaccurate sizing , make sure you buy one size bigger then your feet .
 I have been wearing these for about a week now . They keep my feet nice and warm . They have a good enough rubberized sole that I have felt comfortable walking outside with them . They go high enough to keep my ankle warm -LRB- which is one of the main reasons I picked this style out -RRB- . If they wear out too quickly , etc , I will update this review .
 Theses arrived on time , well shipped . Took the advice of other reviewes and ordered a size up . Good Idea ! They are comfortable wearing around the house .
 My son loves his new slippers - he 's been wanting a pair just like his dad 's . They fit him well and seem to be well constructed .
 The boot slipper is good . Nevertheless , it was a little bit hard at first . Now that I 've used several days , they have soften . I guess this is what happens when you buy clothes online ... the problem is that you can not try them first .
 My husband wanted these high topper slippers and I could n't find them in any store this holiday season . Glad to see we could find them online . He loves them !
 These slippers are very comfortable . They are made very well and are just what they are described .
 These slippers are very comfortable and durable for the price . I compared them to at least 7 other pairs before purchasing them . They have a very durable anti-slip sole .
 they are VERY comfortable ... i ordered the wider size based on the other comments on this site ... i wear them all the time now at home
 Comfortable , warm and well made . I would recommend to anyone that would like to keep their ankles warm .
 These slippers are exactly what I needed . They are very warm and durable . They have the solid sole I require for the times I need to step outside and do not want -LRB- or have time -RRB- to change footwear .
 The slippers were just what my husband needed . The price was very reasonable too . The service was flawless .
 He is plagued with cold feet and did n't have any heavy duty slippers . These are definitely heavy duty . I do n't think that the all man-made materials were noted in the description , but they 're great just the same . I absolutely concur with the other reviewers-order 2 sizes up and in wide if possible ! The 13W fit his average 11s perfectly with socks and without a complaint about the cold .
 The products are made smaller than the spec . I bought size 9 even though I wear 8-1/2 shoes yet I have force them to put them on . They will keep your feet worm like they say . I suggest the other to buy at least a size larger .
 Husband really likes these shoes . He is normally a 9 1/2 , rarely a 10 . I purchased size 11 and they just fit . He says they are comfy and really keep his feet warm . I also bought size 14W for my size 13M son . He has large ankles and a high instep so the extra size larger and wider makes this shoe just fit really nicely for him . He also says this shoe keeps his feet warm on our chilly cabin floors . Inside the shoe , there is a little tag that states 100 per cent man made material , so I guess these are not shearling like I thought they were when I purchased them . Oh well , they still really like them .
 Taking other reviews into consideration , I ordered this one size larger than usual and it fit my EE wide foot sized dad just perfectly.High cut keeps even ankles nice and toasty warm without having to wear socks.High cut also means it 's not as easy to just slip on and off like normally cut house slippers , but unless you 're frequently taking them on and off , it 's not a big deal at all.Nice , solid soles make it fit and feel more like supportive house shoes , rather than sloppy , floppy house slippers .
 I like me fuzzy slippersthese are a bit expensive and feel tight on the footthey are warm thoughthere are less expensive slippers from the same sellerprobably have the same tiny slot to put yer foot inmaybe they will stretch outwe 'll see they came in todaythey shipped first and arrived last
 They have been the perfect gift for my cold natured sweetie . He said they are very comfortable and warm ! Two big requirements for him !
 I first ordered these slippers for Christmas 2010 as a gift for husband . He liked them so much that he wore them almost every day . Even though they are still in good shape -LRB- a plus -RRB- I ordered him another pair for Christmas 2011 in a slightly different color . He was thrilled to get them . My only issue is that the price for these went up almost 100 % from last year . But I still consider them a great buy .
 I have to say that I was a little skeptical about buying something I could n't try on first . But I was more than happy when I got them and tried them on for the first time . The fit was perfect . I like my slippers a little snug . They do stretch just a bit . I would suggest going up half a size from your normal shoe size if you would rather they be a little looser.The slippers themselves are comfortable and very warm ! Love the sole and the traction it gives . I do have just the slightest bit of slippage around the area of my heel though . -LRB- Not a design flaw just a narrow heel on my part -RRB- The color is exactly what I expected and shipping was quick . I recieved them just a couple of days after I put in my order.Overall I am very happy with the slilppers and everything else .
 I find these shoes to be very , very , comfortable . I received them in a prompt fashion and I would highly recommend them for warmth and comfort .
 These slippers are extremely comfortable and warm . You will not be disappointed . I would recommend you order 1 size larger than you would normally wear as a shoe . I strongly recommend this product .
 these are great . All winter my feet were freezing so cold that when I got into bed , My wife would scoot to the other side to escape the frigid aura emanating from my feet . I would go to sleep cold and wake up cold . Horrible . And then my slippers arrived and it was like spring had sprung . I practically live in these now and am wearing them at the time of this writing . I did order them a little big which I think was a good idea because they slip on easily , but do n't fall off . Exceptionally comfortable , incredibly warm .
 Very nice pair of slippers . I bought these to replace the ones my husband has been wearing for at least 3 years . They hold up very well . The soles are great ! - no slipping . The higher tops keep his ankles happy . Would definitely buy again .
 I have been wearing these slippers while working in my home office for the past month , and with severe stretches of cold weather -LRB- between -5 F and +5 F -RRB- my feet have been comfortably warm . My old slippers , and shoes , just could not find a way to keep my feet warm . These Tamarac slippers are outstanding and it looks like they will last a long time , given the initial workout that I 've given them -LRB- wearing them outside on rough pavement , etc. -RRB- .
 I got these for my father . Florida can get cold for the elderly . The best tip though ... buy them in a bigger size !!
 I received these for Christmas . At first , I did not care for them as they pinched the tops of my feet . However , after wearing them for a few days they stretched nicely and now are extremely comfortable . They are very warm , also . Glad I got them after all !
 i was looking everywhere for a deal and found the m VERY CHEAP priced here . overall the shoes look very cool and are extremely light . im used to vans shoes that feel heavy on the feet but these shoes are very light and thin as if walking on air . i like them so far . not bad at all .
 Not only are the the Puma Anjan trendy and hot but they are also the most comfortable shoes that I have ever worn . I bought my first pair last summer , as I work long shifts on my feet and these shoes are excellent for that . They are thin and have breathable mesh , I very much recommend you go out and buy them .
 I bought my puma 's on amazon like 4 years ago , before everyone else started wearing them . I ca n't stand big giant basketball shoes with velcro , and springs that look like space boots . If you want nice casual kicks you need to get some pumas . They have tons of cool colors and you ca n't go wrong with black . Who does n't love these .
 I am in the process of buying myself a pair of puma `` Anjan '' .
 These shoes are great , not too narrow , just wide enough for my feet , plus the cushions are good and its light . One of my favorite basketball shoes .
 Vert comfy - but I would suggest a half size to full size larger if you are not fimilliar with such bodacious heels - they make your legs look KILLER !
 I am very pleased with this purchase ... Shipping was prompt and smooth ... Not everybody can handle a 5 '' heel ... but this is what I had been looking for ... I 'd definitely buy from this seller again !!!
 Every shoes I 've purchased by Donald Pliner has been stylish and comfortable.These mules add some zing to an ordinary outfit . Love them !
 i was looking everywhere for a deal and found the m VERY CHEAP priced here . overall the shoes look very cool and are extremely light . im used to vans shoes that feel heavy on the feet but these shoes are very light and thin as if walking on air . i like them so far . not bad at all .
 Not only are the the Puma Anjan trendy and hot but they are also the most comfortable shoes that I have ever worn . I bought my first pair last summer , as I work long shifts on my feet and these shoes are excellent for that . They are thin and have breathable mesh , I very much recommend you go out and buy them .
 I bought my puma 's on amazon like 4 years ago , before everyone else started wearing them . I ca n't stand big giant basketball shoes with velcro , and springs that look like space boots . If you want nice casual kicks you need to get some pumas . They have tons of cool colors and you ca n't go wrong with black . Who does n't love these .
 I am in the process of buying myself a pair of puma `` Anjan '' .
 I love these hard to find shoes !! I 've been a fan of these shoes since I was in high school 20 years ago and I still love the way they fit . Even though they are quite a bit harder to find these days , the quest is worth it . I have never found another shoe as comfortable even though there is no arch support , they fit like a glove .
 Converse Chuck Taylor All Stars are not just a fashion statement . Back in the day , they were my choice of athletic footwear -- following in my father 's footsteps -- while starting center on the high school basketball team . For a 6 ' 2 '' white guy with a moderate vertical leaping ability , I did n't have to worry about losing any spring in my step , and I always led stats in rebounds and blocked shots against players wearing the then-ubiquitous Adidas , Puma and Converse `` Dr. J '' hi-tops . In all fairness , and as a disclaimer , 80 % of the opposing team members were white guys , too.Still , though I have absolutely no vertical leap left -LRB- hey . I graduated 24 years ago -RRB- , I still wear these shoes , just because . Like one reviewer pointed out , they 're a great conversation starter . Plus , they 're as comfy as a second pair of feet.At the turn of the 20th to the 21st century , it appeared that there 'd be NO Chucks left at all
 My husband fell in love with these shoes but could n't find this exact color in his size in other stores . When I finally found them on Amazon for such a great price , we snatched them up immediately . These shoes are very nice and also very comfortable . They look good with almost anything ; you can dress them up or down and look fashionable . My husband is very picky with his shoes , and comfort is a must for him . If you have a hard time finding shoes that fit your style and comfort , these may be the ones for you .
 This is nice looking , comfortable and true shoe size as mentioned . I am happy with this purchase .
 Very comfortable & stylish . I use these for my work where dress code is dress shirt/slack . They blend in just fine .
 My husband has always been a fan for the Sketchers Critics . He loves the fit and the fact it can go with almost anything . The price was the best price I have seen from any website , or store . I will definitely continue to buy his shoes through this website .
 I bought these over a year ago for a much cheaper price . I wear them all the time . Good for casual to business casual . . VERY comfy
 Skecher 's shoes have always provided a good fit for me since I am between a size 11.5 and 12 most shoes don ' r really feel good on my feet . THe fit that these shoes provide is perfect for my feet . These shoes are great for work since I tend to walk around a lot during the day at a high school , and they look good .
 great looking tought shoes , not quiet as good looking in the flesh as they are in photos , but good none the less .
 I am very happy with this product , its comfortable and good looking . Worth buy ...
 Very competive prices and quick service equals a firm I will continue to do business with
 I received my order quickly and the product was just what I was looking for . Navy shoes -- true navy shoes -- are extremely difficult to find . They are stylish and comfortable and the service was great , too !
 These are so cute and stylish ! I 've only worn them once so far and got tons of compliments ! Unfortunately , I took the advice from the previous reviewer and ordered a 1/2 size up to make up for the `` pointed toe . '' Do not do this , the manufacturer has already taken this into account for you . I normally wear a 7 and the 7 1/2 is waaaay too big !!! Save yourself having to make a return/exchange , just order your normal size and get ready for lots of compliments !! By the way , these look so cute with the dark denim skinny jeans that are so popular now !
 The red leather is so smooth and beautiful , my feet look so feminine and delicate . Comfortable , too . I fell in love with them at first sight . They look better in person .
 I hate flats ! They always look like ballet slippers -- not these ! Very stylish but comfortable . Make sure you order a half size up to acct for the pointed toe . Shipping was superfast . Quality workmanship . Very good choice !
 I love these slippers ! They are hilarious ! Your toes fit into the compartment that becomes Freud 's tongue so when you wiggle your toes , it looks like his tongue is wiggling . They are very warm as well , which was unexpected as it does n't have a back to the slippers . It is a little tight on the sides of the toes that fit into the tongue and bothers you for about 5 minutes until you get used to it . That 's the only negative . It also has a hard sole so that it wo n't wear out as fast and wo n't soak through if you happen to walk on a wet floor . I recommend !!
 I had these Freudian Slippers delivered to a Psychotherapist friend.He got such a charge out of them that it kept him laughing.That was worth it !
 Really comfortable and funny . Slippers that any lover or enemy of freudian 's ideas must have .
 She loved them ! The designer of these unusal slippers with Sigmund Freud 's head on themdefinitely has a creative mind as well as a wry sense of humor . I highly recommend them !
 I bought these for myself because they 're hilarious . Never mind whether Freud was a nutjob or not . Anyways , to give you an idea on the sizing , I 'm a mens shoe size 10 . I bought the medium slippers , and they technically fit , but I think the large would have been more comfy . And if you 're buying these for yourself , it 's worth knowing that they are n't quite traditional slippers . Your toes go into the tongue , which is basically a sock . Just so you know . They are comfy slippers for sure though !
 I got these for my psyche major boyfriend , and when he saw them he flipped ! They are amazing and hilarious , the only thing is he 's afraid the glasses might be easily torn off
 Bought these for a high school grad present for my niece who is majoring in psychology in College . . they were a big hit . .
 gave as an xmas present to one of my pun loving friends . LOVED IT ! the best part was that i received 2 left feet on top of it !! 1 lol . did n't really matter cuz the slippers were shaped the same - just made the present even funnier . he immediately put them on and kept looking at them all night giggling .
 Converse Chuck Taylor All Stars are not just a fashion statement . Back in the day , they were my choice of athletic footwear -- following in my father 's footsteps -- while starting center on the high school basketball team . For a 6 ' 2 '' white guy with a moderate vertical leaping ability , I did n't have to worry about losing any spring in my step , and I always led stats in rebounds and blocked shots against players wearing the then-ubiquitous Adidas , Puma and Converse `` Dr. J '' hi-tops . In all fairness , and as a disclaimer , 80 % of the opposing team members were white guys , too.Still , though I have absolutely no vertical leap left -LRB- hey . I graduated 24 years ago -RRB- , I still wear these shoes , just because . Like one reviewer pointed out , they 're a great conversation starter . Plus , they 're as comfy as a second pair of feet.At the turn of the 20th to the 21st century , it appeared that there 'd be NO Chucks left at all
 I kid you not , from the moment that I put these shoes on , I felt well supported . They form to your foot without getting too cushy . And still , they support your arches and keep your foot in a position that helps your posture and overall positioning greatly.A power walk in these will give you about 50 % more workout , due to the Kalso Negative Heel . It 's pretty amazing . You 'll get a whole lot more bang for your buck.I have had these for about a month now . I 've gotten very attached to them . The other day I was doing some junky and messy yard work , so I put on my Old Balance -LRB- though still quality shoes -RRB- and within 30 minutes my knees and back were feeling the lack of support.I 'm sold ! I also bought a pair of sandals from Earth , equally wonderful.I do believe that I 'm starting a monogamous relationship with a shoe company .
 I bought these shoes to help with a problem I 'm having with pain near the ball of my foot . The problem is not existent while wearing these shoes ! The way these shoes feel does take a little getting used to ... they will actually change the way you walk . There is a lot of arch support . I tried changing shoes as often as possible and nothing really seemed to help ... I decided to buy these -LRB- I had tried them on at a local retailer first -RRB- because of how different they felt ... if you 've never tried an Earth shoe before I 'd recommend trying them on somewhere before buying . I normally take a size 8.5 and I had to return for a size 8 ... apparently they run a little big . The shoe does seem to be made very well and I will most likely buy another pair .
 The shoes were dlivered on time and are wonderful.If you like the way neg . heel shoes just roll along you will love these shoes.I walk 6 miles a day.As you walk your legs start to work with the shoes , it takes time , and the fluid motion gets easy.You just flow along.You 'll see . I think 8-10 miles will be easy.I hope these shoes last many miles.Dan
 i was looking everywhere for a deal and found the m VERY CHEAP priced here . overall the shoes look very cool and are extremely light . im used to vans shoes that feel heavy on the feet but these shoes are very light and thin as if walking on air . i like them so far . not bad at all .
 Not only are the the Puma Anjan trendy and hot but they are also the most comfortable shoes that I have ever worn . I bought my first pair last summer , as I work long shifts on my feet and these shoes are excellent for that . They are thin and have breathable mesh , I very much recommend you go out and buy them .
 I bought my puma 's on amazon like 4 years ago , before everyone else started wearing them . I ca n't stand big giant basketball shoes with velcro , and springs that look like space boots . If you want nice casual kicks you need to get some pumas . They have tons of cool colors and you ca n't go wrong with black . Who does n't love these .
 I am in the process of buying myself a pair of puma `` Anjan '' .
 I love this sneaker so much.They are comfortable , nice and look good with a pair of jean . I am looking for the second pair , even sometime the top is not stick well but I 'm still give them 5 stars .
 The only reason I did n't give these 5 stars is the white sole
 Converse Chuck Taylor All Stars are not just a fashion statement . Back in the day , they were my choice of athletic footwear -- following in my father 's footsteps -- while starting center on the high school basketball team . For a 6 ' 2 '' white guy with a moderate vertical leaping ability , I did n't have to worry about losing any spring in my step , and I always led stats in rebounds and blocked shots against players wearing the then-ubiquitous Adidas , Puma and Converse `` Dr. J '' hi-tops . In all fairness , and as a disclaimer , 80 % of the opposing team members were white guys , too.Still , though I have absolutely no vertical leap left -LRB- hey . I graduated 24 years ago -RRB- , I still wear these shoes , just because . Like one reviewer pointed out , they 're a great conversation starter . Plus , they 're as comfy as a second pair of feet.At the turn of the 20th to the 21st century , it appeared that there 'd be NO Chucks left at all
 I love these hard to find shoes !! I 've been a fan of these shoes since I was in high school 20 years ago and I still love the way they fit . Even though they are quite a bit harder to find these days , the quest is worth it . I have never found another shoe as comfortable even though there is no arch support , they fit like a glove .
 These things are freeking cool , I love Puma 's . . I just wan na make out with girls when they were them and not even take them off ...
 A lot of people recommend up-sizing on this shoe for a comfortable fit and I did just that ; works great . I wear these everywhere and will be buying another pair if I need to replace them . Price paid
 this shoe is not bad at all ! kind of tighter than most shoes and not a very wide grip/sole . takes a while to get used to the feeling they are almost like slippers . very light and comfortable .
 I love these shoes this is the second pair i have owned and the only one i will , -LRB- unless they come back out with the game cats again , -RRB- this are bar far the best looking shoes out there im always getting stoped and asked who makes them and were can they get em , I highly recomend these shoes the only thing is order a half size larger they run a little small per size
 These shoes are both stylish and comfortable . I am planning on purchasing another pair in a different color !
 I received my item within a week , and it was in perfect shape . The item was new , no shop-wear , and packed as if it had just come from the factory . The Puma box was packed inside a larger box that had packing material to protect it as well . I would definitely use the store again.As for the shoes , they fit narrow and/or short for many , so ordering a half-size larger than normal might be necessary . I order in the same size as I get my other shoes like Nike , but they are definitely less roomy than other brands . However , they feel and look great when you 're properly sized .
 The shoes are great ! Really good-looking shoes . The reason I rate a 4 instead of a 5 , is that the shoe sizes run a bit small .
 Perhaps the most comfortable shoe I have ever worn . In addition , I received my order about 2 days after submitting it . These are great to wear with almost anything and it is amazing how fast one can drive while wearing them !
 these shoes ... just looked comfy to me . and they are . i do n't do anything in them , but walk , go to church , and pretty much just lounge around . and they work for that ! and i believe they would work for other things . not exactly warm of course , but you would n't expect that , would you ? ok , good . i think they are pretty nifty shoes , and will replace them with another pair when i wear them out , probably .
 Got the product in 2 days , much sooner than expected . Fantastic shoes , probably my all time favorites . Very comfortable , thought they do run a little small so take that into consideration when you order them !
 I purchased these sneakers for my husband . When I placed the order , I picked the wrong size . I contacted the vendor and they changed it for me without a problem . Product arrived on time and the whole experience was excellent !
 I 've bought these shoes three times in a row , I always get the black ones . The design is good and look very sporty . They are very low shoes . These are NOT running shoes and they are shoes you do n't want to walk in for more than six hours . The bottom of the shoes are thinner than converse chucks shoes . You ca n't fit any inserts into these shoes . These shoes are not recommended if you have flat feet . If you walk on rocky surfaces you WILL feel them . These shoes are more for hanging out . They are very durable . The fabric has a velvet finish and some parts eventually fade to a light black color but that does n't happen right away , they are very breathable . I might get another pair and they are worth it .
 Speed Cat runs SMALL . Thankfully , I had time to readthe reviews before my purchase . Whatever your size maybe , they DO run SMALL and NARROWER than the listed sizes.I normally wear a 10.5 D and the 11D fit just about right.If you have a WIDE foot , forget it ! These are designed aftercar racing shoes worn in various types of racing -LRB- i.e. F1 , Indy Car , Grand Prix , NASCAR , etc. ... -RRB- and not for a lot of walking.If you 're not of normal proportions -LRB- read
 I have owned 3 pairs of these shoes , and am ordering a 4th . They are the best driving shoes I 've ever had . the thin sole -LRB- which some see as a drawback -RRB- , gives amazing tactile feedback from pedals , and will never catch on a pedal while heal-toe or left foot breaking . the sole cups around the heel of to give extra padding against the floorboard , and prevents the rubber from seperating from the material , like many shoes do , after putting a lot of miles on them . they are so good i can hardly stand wearing anything else if i 'm driving anywhere.Some people have complained that they are too small , or sized small . in my experience this is true for the first 2 or 3 days , but once broken in , they will fit like a second skin . once broken in , they become a natural extension of you foot , and almost feel like your walking around barefoot.I recommend buying a half dozen , just in case puma stops making them one day .
 Love the pumas , I was looking for womens but after alot of research and frustration over the fact that womens shoes are so expensive I found in this case mens and womens are the same only mens are 1/2 the price . I just ordered 2 sizes smaller then I usually take for the mens size and they are perfect . I will do this again .
 Amazing shoes , may not be for people with wide feet since it has a tightly snug width . As a reviewer mentioner , do order a 1/2 size larger than your regular shoe size for the most comfort fit because these do run just a tad small . These are the most comfortable shoes i 've ever worn . Perfect for driving and very comfortable to walk around for an extended amount of time . Wore these around NYC and got a lot of looks . I have two pairs these black ones and the blue ones .
 I bought these sneakers for my husband who is very particular about his footwear . He loved the style and found them to be as comfortable as slippers . He wore them constantly and is now ready for a new pair . I would recommend these sneakers to anyone seeking a sleek style that does not shout out for attention .
 I own three pairs of Speedcats and my favorite BY FAR is the black suede w / white stripe shoe . I often pair these shoes with a 2-button black suit , crisp white dress shirt with open collar -LRB- no tie ! -RRB- and black t-shirt underneath . A very , very cool fashion statement that tells people I do n't always play by the rules . I 'm definitely NOT a slave to silly fashion trends and always stick to the basics , but my classic Speedcats are a staple for my business and casual wear . They always look great for any occasion and feel like a glove on my feet . Besides , women really dig the look -- especially on a more mature man -LRB- I 'm 57 ! -RRB- . Puma should send me a commission check every month for all the Speedcats I 've probably sold for them .
 I 've had these shoes for almost 2 years now and they 're still just as comfortable as the day I bought them . I do try and stick to wearing them as a pure driving shoe though since they do n't provide that much all-day walking comfort as a thicker souled sneaker .
 The Puma Speed Cat SD sneaker is by far one of the best sneakers I 've worn in a while . There are only a handful of such sneakers that fit this persona of such quality . I have always wanted a pair of these since they first came out several years ago , however , I 've just been leary because my foot is narrow and small . The moment I tried them on , instant comfort . There have been few sneakers that I 've been able to say that about , ` instant comfort ' . I have received many compliments about this sneaker . I think it 's probably because of the sleekness of the design , as it is not only sleek , but sexy even . Other reviewers have stated that wearing it for prolong times guarantees soreness on the sole of the foot . I have found this to be slightly true . The toebox is a little tight against the smallest toe on either foot , but I believe the more it 's worn and the shoe will become looser , this problem will diminish . If you have this problem , switch to another pair of shoes for a few days . Actually , this is recommended anyhow from medical doctors to balance the form of walking and alignment of the spinal cord.I would n't know what to say about this sneaker for people who have narrow feet . I would say to try it . I did n't have to order a half-of-size larger or a whole size larger . I order a size 9 , -LRB- my actual foot size -RRB- , and I was perfectly fine with the sneaker fitting . I also would n't recommend going a half size smaller , then the sneaker will fit too snugly . If you have a wider foot , I probably would n't buy these Pumas as they would most likely damage the ankle , and possibly even cause swelling.All-in-all , a great sneaker . I tried to purchased the leather Pumas , but they were sold out . These are the next best ones , and better yet , the suede/leather cleans just as easily . I would n't recommend these sneakers if you 're going out in the snow or rain , mud/anything soft like clay , etc. . I never wear sneakers of quality like this out . Recommendation , bring your hiking boots . As far as terrain goes , just do n't go climbing rock walls with these on . traction is surprisingly well-made , not too bad for standing on uneven terrain . I would n't say to do this for long periods of time . -LRB- These sneakers are great for guys with smaller feet -RRB- , the excellent ability to move are outstanding . Originally designed for motocross , I suppose that 's why.OUTSTANDING FOR THE PRICE.Other great sneakers for people who have small , narrow/er feet ; -LRB- Reebok Freestyle Hi , Reebok Ex-O Fit Lo , and of course , Puma Speed Cat SD -RRB- . ***** stars
 This is the second pair for me to buy for my son . He wants to always have a pair because they are so comfortable . He is 10 yrs old , wears a mens size 9 . His feet are like narrow boat oars !! These shoes fit him perfectly and he says he can sneak up on anyone ! Treads are silent and feel like bare feet !
 I bought these directly from Carrie B 's -LRB- I live in Portland -RRB- . They are fantastic practice dance shoes . The tops are soft , glove-like leather and you can wear them for hours at a time -LRB- they feel more like you 're dancing in socks than shoes -RRB- . They 're particularly slick on hardwood floors , but I even swing with them on carpet .
 Converse Chuck Taylor All Stars are not just a fashion statement . Back in the day , they were my choice of athletic footwear -- following in my father 's footsteps -- while starting center on the high school basketball team . For a 6 ' 2 '' white guy with a moderate vertical leaping ability , I did n't have to worry about losing any spring in my step , and I always led stats in rebounds and blocked shots against players wearing the then-ubiquitous Adidas , Puma and Converse `` Dr. J '' hi-tops . In all fairness , and as a disclaimer , 80 % of the opposing team members were white guys , too.Still , though I have absolutely no vertical leap left -LRB- hey . I graduated 24 years ago -RRB- , I still wear these shoes , just because . Like one reviewer pointed out , they 're a great conversation starter . Plus , they 're as comfy as a second pair of feet.At the turn of the 20th to the 21st century , it appeared that there 'd be NO Chucks left at all
 I received this shoe yesterday and it was way way too small . Amazon sent me another one to replace the first pair which I got today -LRB- one day shipping on a return ! -RRB- and it is still too small but not quite as bad . Or maybe it 's the same , but I love it so much I 'm pretending it fits . I would definitely order at least a half size larger than what you wear , and if you have wide feet , maybe even consider a whole size larger because these are somewhat narrow . I 'm thinking about keeping this pair to give as a gift and ordering a larger size for myself , but that 's tricky . I 'm worried about ending up with a shoe too big . It would be really nice if they were just sized correctly in the first place .
 I ordered these for my daughter for Christmas and she loved them . They are really cute , fit well and were comfortable .
 I was looking for a nice looking pair of shoes for a decent price and this most certainly fits the bill.The only bad thing is that it has absolutely zero support and is a bit like the leather version of converse All-Stars .
 These shoes are darling . They are a little hard to walk in .
 Martini Tote with Set for 2Compact , well-made , wish the glasses were stainless steel instead of acryllic but , all in all , it 's a great item for the traveller .
 Vert comfy - but I would suggest a half size to full size larger if you are not fimilliar with such bodacious heels - they make your legs look KILLER !
 I am very pleased with this purchase ... Shipping was prompt and smooth ... Not everybody can handle a 5 '' heel ... but this is what I had been looking for ... I 'd definitely buy from this seller again !!!
 I bought these boots for both every day wear and dress they just dont wear well they look good to , I had found another pair of boots for stepping out at a local store and tried to cancel the order but it shipped out before I could . When I recieved the boots I checked them out I was very impressed with the workmanship and decided to keep them !
 The boots have exceeded by expectations . Double-H has been my favorite brand since I discovered them in a boot store in Nashville . I 'm wearing them to work with slacks , polo , and dress coat . The smooth finish allows you to dress formal -LRB- suit -RRB- and also looks good with jeans . Being new , the lower section -LRB- foot covering -RRB- has a glossy finish that does not match the shaft . When worn for a while , the boots look somewhat uniform in color and texture . The lower portion still shines more than the shaft . Unlike other boots , these have a sole with traction control . I recommended going to the Double-H website and reviewing the product . While wearing these boots six days a week -LRB- 14 hr days -RRB- , I have not noticed any foot , leg , or back pain . These boots weigh less than other Double-H boots I own . The `` break-in '' period was short . I recommended conventional black shoe polish . In 2011 , I will order a second pair . It would be ideal if Double-H offered a natural leather option -LRB- tan -RRB- in this same boot . I hope this helps ...
 These boots were a gift to my Grandson . Double H has always have had good products and this is no exception . They were received on time , packed well to arrive in perfect condition , which they did . My Grandson is wearing these and likes them very much .
 Very please with my boots . I usely wear a 5E and the 3EEE fits like a glove.Has a nice shine and finish . Excellent quality boots.Thanks Double-H and Amazon came to the rescue again.A very happy camperDavid M. from the cold country
 Love these shoes ! They feel great and fit well - 8W . Perfect for professional events or evenings out . My new favorite dress shoe brand !
 I bought these for my son . Amazon had the best price , not to mention he had trouble finding them elsewhere . Thanks for offering such a wide variety of products .
 Shoes are nice and comfortable , but they squeak when you walk . Put some leather lotion on the inside of the shoe where the tongue rubs and makes the noise . This has taken care of the noise . They should not have made the tongue with nylon , that is what is causing the squeak .
 These boots are a great !! Very comfortable , light weight and for the price you ca n't beat them !!!
 Could not be more satisfied . Probably the most comfortable casual boot I have ever had . I now wear these every day to work ... in an office setting . Great style , and are holding up just fine . Short period for break in and now they are perfect . I hope they still have this style when I need a new pair , but the way it looks it may be quite a while .
 Have had two pairs of these same boots for fifteen years . They are old school reto boots that go with anything . They are good for active people and fit like glove . You can wear these boots hiking , walking or working .
 I am now on my second pair of this exact style and color of Dr. Martens boots . My first pair was purchased in 2005 , and I wore them nearly every single day for about 6 months a year , for 5 full years , before I finally declared them to be `` worn out '' . For the amount of use those boots got , I could not BELIEVE how good of a condition they were still in . Apart from creases in the leather , and a little wear on the soles , they still felt as good as the day they were brand new.After half a decade of nonstop use , I finally decided to spring for a new pair , and was absolutely delighted to find that they still make and sell the exact same style , color , and model of boot . I happily purchased my second pair from Amazon , and so far things are going great with the second pair . I wear them mostly with jeans , and they are exceptionally comfortable for boots , and they stand up well in all weather conditions.I 'm hoping they still sell the same style and color of boot 5 years from now , at which time I will almost certainly purchase my third pair .
 I 've worn the hell out of these things day in day out . Snow , rain , sleet , mud ; you name it , these boots have endured it . For $ 35 and some change , best pair of boots I 've purchased .
 These were my second pair of Dr. Marten 's and as with the first pair they fit great and are comfortable right out of the box !
 These boots are the great quality expected from Dr. Martin 's but at a fraction of the cost from other providers . Thank You !
 Dr.Martens , what can you say ?! They are always quality !! Slight issue with the size 9 seeming a bit smaller than a normal 9 . But as leather does stretch , it should n't pose a problem . I originally purchased these boots for my husband for work , however he has been wearing them as a casual boot so far ! We love Dr.Martens , so we definitely give them thumbs up !
 I bought these boots before going on vacation on a ranch in Arizona . They are very good-looking boots - and after a couple days of breaking them in - very comfortable . Now I wear these boots whenever I go out . They are warm , comfortable , and stylish . I highly recommend these boots , especially at Amazon 's low prices ! : - -RRB-
 I purchased these boots for my husband for valentine 's day -LRB- but ended up giving them to him sooner ! -RRB- . I saw these same boots at the mall for $ 110 . I could not believe I got them here on Amazon for just under $ 40 ! My husband , a 7th grade math teacher on his feet all day , says they are very comfortable ... Great buy and fast shipping !
 This boot is very comfortable and light weight compared to my wife 's more expensive Dr. Martens boot . I was very surprised at how light it weighted . It did take like a 1.5 week to wear out the leather to make it soft and comfortable . Before the wear time it did hurt my left toe 's Proximal Phalanges bone area -LSB- ... -RSB- It is very well built too so it would last for years like my first Dr. Martens shoe I got .
 This is the first pair of Dr. Marten 's I 've ever owned -LRB- it took me a while to get around to it I guess -RRB- and I must say that these are some of the most comfortable shoes/boots I have ever had the pleasure of putting on my feet . Not to mention that Amazon offered a great price at their usual quality service . If these shoes ever wear out , I 'll definately buy another pair .
 The pairs of doctor martens are good , comfortable and looks elegant . It is good in jeans and in cotton . It is one of the best quality well-known shoes in the world .
 I thought these were exactly like my husbands old boots . These are actually lined , his others were n't . He said they are comfortable , and much warmer than the last ones . Since we live in the great white north now ... I think that will work out fine !
 Pros
 I ordered these as a christmas present for my son . They were the perfect fit and they are his second pair he loves the boots
 Shoes are really pretty and comfortable . I have received many compliments . They are easy to clean and have a little elastic on the back that makes them easy to put on and take off . I have trouble wearing heels but I was able to handle these well .
 Just got the Brown Croc Patent today . Such a beautiful shoe ; photo does n't do it justice . Best of all , it is comfortable , especially for someone who has WW-width feet like me.Ross Hommerson rocks ! 4/3/2012 update
 Quality , stylish , comfortable and all around fabulous ! -LRB- Wife 's words ... -RRB- Will be buying in all colors ! So impressed , looks great , do n't hesitate to buy . = -RRB-
 My first pair of croc pumps I think they are very very comfortable I got the wide width the slingback is comforable I would diffently buy them again or refer them to my family and friends you will be pleased .
 Donald J Pliner shoes are superior . The Amazon price onthis product was superior . Product was easy to order , got free shipping , and it came in very reasonable time . I love the choices at Amazon .
 I did n't know what to expect . I had to take a chance and buy this online . I love the wide spread as I have wide feet . It 's a very comfortable shoe and I love the colour . I really hope they continue with this line . As I hate shopping for new fits .
 As advertised , a well made shoe.Now I have to fill more words so that my review can be submitted ... well now its OK to post !
 I love the fact that when you put on a pair of Skechers , they fit right away . I can put them on for the first time just before a long day of walking and not worry about blisters , sore feet or too tight . I have bought similar models to this one every year since 2004 and the only complaint I have about these Skechers and other models like it are the rubber soles are the same materials put on running shoes , so while the grip on a slope is great , they wear out pretty quick if you walk on sidewalks a lot.Comfort
 I love Skechers . Been wearing them almost exclusively for about 10 years now -LRB- with exception of a pair of AE and Kenneth Cole -RRB- . I usually go with Bully boots , but wanted something like boots without high heels this time . Since they had these , and at a great price , I went for 'em . Only problem was they had either 10.5 or 11.5 , and being an 11 , I figured better be loose than tight . If I had to do it again , I 'd probably go for the 10.5 but I suppose I could wear 2 pair of socks . Then again , it gets a little warm here in San Diego and my feet would get all sweaty -LRB- nice image , huh ? -RRB- and half the year I wear sandals anyways -LRB- Skechers , of course -RRB- . All in all , I 'm still satisfied .
 My mother-in-law has so much trouble finding comfortable shoes Between diabetes & problems that should be surgically corrected , but her high blood pressure prohibits surgery , finding shoes is like the proverbial needle in a hay stack search . Aetrex offered a full grain leather comfort shoe with velcro closures for easy adjustment . One look & I thought , `` That 's the shoe for Mom ! '' ... and it was ! She put them on , grabbed her cane , & wore them for her weekly shopping outing , & kept them on when we arrived back home . Amazing !!! Thanks , Amazon , for leading me in the right direction , & thanks to Aetrex , also , for solving the comfort dilemma !
 The Conair Power Shoe Polisher is a very satisfactory purchase . I have had several spinal surgery leaving me disabled in some of my abilities . Conair has given me the ability to keep my shoes and boots shined and presentable . Prior to this purchase trying to polish my shoes was tedious and caused pain in neck and arms . I 'm very pleased with this product and would purchase again .
 this shoe is the best mtb footwear i 've ever used for all ` round trail riding , trail making , and general bushwacking . single trackor no track it 's comfortable , full of support , and works as well climbing over or under an un-ridable section as they do pedalling.probably not intended for top level competition but the cuff or gaiter over the ankle truely keeps the crud and junk out includingthe ever abundant ticks that infest my region . i test ride equipment for a bicycle component maker and these shoes are the onlybike related item i 've ever puchased . one pair of ' 06 's another pair of ' 07 's and if it appears as if it were to ever be discontinuedi would buy all of this model in my size possible
 I really like these shoes ! I just bought them at a local retail store and was looking on here to see if I could find them cheaper . I 've always loved Asics running shoes because they are so comfortable on my feet . But the main problem with my old Asics is they 're dorky looking for casual wear . These new casual style of Asics fit my feet like my old shoes and actually look great too ! They are very lightweight and almost feel like I 'm not even wearing shoes . Unlike running shoes , these are very thin and offer very little little support . Lots of shoes make my feet look big , but these make my feet look sleek . Workmanship appears good but I do n't think they will last as long as other shoes because they are so thin . Normally I would n't pay $ 70 for casual shoes but I did this time because these are so comfortable and good-looking . If you like Asics running shoes but want something better looking , I highly recommend these shoes!Update 10-2009Well I 've had these shoes over 5 years now and they are still in good shape . Granted I do n't wear them on a daily basis any more but I was really surprised how well they held up given how thin they are . Hope I can find another pair once these finally do break down ...
 I really like these shoes ! I just bought them at a local retail store and was looking on here to see if I could find them cheaper . I 've always loved Asics running shoes because they are so comfortable on my feet . But the main problem with my old Asics is they 're dorky looking for casual wear . These new casual style of Asics fit my feet like my old shoes and actually look great too ! They are very lightweight and almost feel like I 'm not even wearing shoes . Unlike running shoes , these are very thin and offer very little little support . Lots of shoes make my feet look big , but these make my feet look sleek . Workmanship appears good but I do n't think they will last as long as other shoes because they are so thin . Normally I would n't pay $ 70 for casual shoes but I did this time because these are so comfortable and good-looking . If you like Asics running shoes but want something better looking , I highly recommend these shoes!Update 10-2009Well I 've had these shoes over 5 years now and they are still in good shape . Granted I do n't wear them on a daily basis any more but I was really surprised how well they held up given how thin they are . Hope I can find another pair once these finally do break down ...
 I used these to go along with my daughter 's halloween costume but she ended up wearing them all the time . They are so cute I wanted her to get more wear out of them than just one night . They run a little small . We got so many positive comments about them . They are so cute .
 I bought the Ladybug Girl books for my granddaughter 's 2nd birthday and decided to include other ladybug items to go along with them . She opened the shoes before the books and loved them , calling them her `` wadybug '' shoes . She insisted on wearing them right away so they were a good fit since she was n't wearing any socks .
 I really like these shoes ! I just bought them at a local retail store and was looking on here to see if I could find them cheaper . I 've always loved Asics running shoes because they are so comfortable on my feet . But the main problem with my old Asics is they 're dorky looking for casual wear . These new casual style of Asics fit my feet like my old shoes and actually look great too ! They are very lightweight and almost feel like I 'm not even wearing shoes . Unlike running shoes , these are very thin and offer very little little support . Lots of shoes make my feet look big , but these make my feet look sleek . Workmanship appears good but I do n't think they will last as long as other shoes because they are so thin . Normally I would n't pay $ 70 for casual shoes but I did this time because these are so comfortable and good-looking . If you like Asics running shoes but want something better looking , I highly recommend these shoes!Update 10-2009Well I 've had these shoes over 5 years now and they are still in good shape . Granted I do n't wear them on a daily basis any more but I was really surprised how well they held up given how thin they are . Hope I can find another pair once these finally do break down ...
 Purchased these work shoes for a friend who is on his feet all day delivering oil in all kinds of weather . It is the only shoe he has liked and he finds them comfortable and durable considering the work he does . This is a good shoe .
 Vert comfy - but I would suggest a half size to full size larger if you are not fimilliar with such bodacious heels - they make your legs look KILLER !
 I am very pleased with this purchase ... Shipping was prompt and smooth ... Not everybody can handle a 5 '' heel ... but this is what I had been looking for ... I 'd definitely buy from this seller again !!!
 These boots kept my feet not only warm , but totally dry ! Not particularly stylish , but in the middle of a snowstorm who cares !!!
 Purchased these work shoes for a friend who is on his feet all day delivering oil in all kinds of weather . It is the only shoe he has liked and he finds them comfortable and durable considering the work he does . This is a good shoe .
 I bought tbese for my dad who is suffering with severely swollen feet and legs . He has been to several stores trying to find a pair that are wide enough and has not had much luck . I got these in the extra wide size and he is just thrilled to have a pair that actually fit and look good .
 excellent craftsmanship
 This is an excellent pair of shoes that will last . The sole -LRB- heel section -RRB- of my current pair is about half worn -LRB- but still very wearable -RRB- , but get this , this is after 7 years of almost daily wear , including long walks along the Vegas strip in various types of terrain . If I do n't look at the shoe bottom , my current pair is still looking new , since this pair of shoe is easy to keep looking new with only simple occasional maintenance -LRB- I clean and polish with some brown oil only once every few months -RRB- . It is also very stain resistant , as on a couple of occasions I got it dirty with a few scratches and I thought the shoe is now looking worn , but after cleaning and polish , they turn beautiful again and the scratches disappeared . I was amazed ! I even went out and bought a 2nd pair for future replacement , as I 'm very picky about my shoes . If you want a pair of shoes that looks descent and will last , then you should n't go wrong with this .
 I bought these shoes for my husband because he goes through shoes so quickly . He had a pair of these several years ago that he would still be wearing except our pomeranian chewed them up . Most shoes we buy him , even expensive name brands , seem to fall apart after just a few months . These shoes however last for years and are really comfortable . They are definitely worth the price .
 My husband has had a pair of these shoes in the past and really liked them . They size well , wear well , and are comfortable from Day one . Amazon outdid themselves with their pricing and very quick delivery ; ahead of schedule . Paperwork was enclosed in case there needed to be a return , but these were absolutely what was described and what my husband ordered . We would use them again !
 Previously purchased this same Clark 's Portland Oxford model several years ago . They were getting a little worn so I purchased this new pair . Hope that when the new pair gets worn out Clark will still have this model available . Its comfortable and well made . It is great value for the money .
 This shoes is beautifull , very comfortable , very flexible , leather genuine.Me encanta este zapato , es muy comodo , muy flexible y puro cuero de verdad.Clarks = Confortable
 I bought almost the exact same Clark 's shoe years ago , It lasted forever until the outside soles finally wore down . The upper body is still ok.Its comfortable and sturdy with a good fit . Good price as well .
 Cowboy boots do not fit the bottom of my foot , the shoe platform and insoles do on these shoes . So I wear them to do cowboy chores in and they have taken the abuse of work boots . More comfortable than any boots . Cowboys say the fit of the shoes to the hoof is very important.Sore hooves , no horse . Same with our feet!It 's all about COMFORT and DURABILITY .
 these shoes are very comfortable , the quality is excellent , the size was perfect and the shipping was very fast , I am very pleased and would definitely go back to trust this brand
 I got this as a gift for my husband . Everyday he comes home talking about how comfortable these shoes are .
 These are very comfortable shoes , hold up well to the snow here in Wyoming . Somehow , the seam that goes around the upper border of the toe box makes them look a little cheap . Otherwise , these are really very comfortable . I can wear these for 14 - 16 hours in a day and my knees and feet are not aching at the end of the day so I am willing to accept however they look for that reason alone .
 Bought these for walking trade shows and work days , but good for casual evenings too.Very comfortable and nice looking .
 Suffering from real foot pain due to years of working on my feet . Tried &#34; Rockports &#34; which were n't bad , but would regularly cause blistering or hot spots . These shoes are probably the best I 've worn for comfort . I bought a brown and black pair and wearing them daily to work has completely eliminated the sharp pains I 'd occasionally get in my feet . The manufacturer seems to use high quality material both inside and out . I think you will be pleased with these shoes if you work in a professional environment but need that extra support for long hours on your feet . Great buy !
 excelentes zapatos , lo recomiendo 100 % , son muy comodos , la compra se realizo sin problemas y el envio fue inmediato no duden en comprarlo
 Excelente producto y por eso es la calificacion que le otorgo al vendedor y tambien fue entregado en el tiempo estipulado . Los recomiendo 100 %
 This is my clarks 's shoe.I like it , it 's fit for my foot and comfortable.it 's worth to buy it.I think that i &#34; ll buy it next time .
 I THINK THAT THIS IS LEGEND AND IT IS VERY COMFORTABLEI LIKE IT AND ITS VERY NICE THANK FOR ALL
 They are much lighter than they look which was a surprise and a good one . They are very comfortable . I looked and looked and could not find any shoes like this . The Chukas were too heavy and bulky .
 I must admit , that I do n't have that many shoes , but have more than I need . I 've had these over a year now and do n't use them as much as I wanted to , because they are not the best looking -LRB- or probably not my favorite ones -RRB- . However , they do not look bad at all -LRB- they are just not trendy , but hey
 I live and work in New York City , which is a walking city . I work for a non-profit at the United Nations , so I need a shoe that is comfortable and appropriate for work at the United Nations . This is my new favorite shoe . It fits well . I got a 10 N. Most shoes no longer come in narrow sizes , so it is a real treat to have a shoe that actually fits my feet . It is comfortable , durable and looks great . Could n't ask for more . I 've tried many shoes looking for the perfect shoe for me . I 've had this pair for over a month and I 've found my perfect shoe for both walking and business .
 First time I tried on Clarks . Very nice looking shoe . Extremely comfortable right out of the box . Soft leather , padding below the ankles very soft . Only problem was the sizing is generous . Have to return the shoes but ordered one half size smaller . Liked them to much not to try again .
 Well made comfort shoesLike - Thick soft leather . Does not require wearing in - Very comfortable . Fits like a glove on day one - rubber sole has very good grip - leather is breathable - non leather material around collar makes it very comfortable for long walks . Good design . - leather is darker than pic . makes it suitable for business casual . Looks very good with jeansDislike - rubber on the heel has a very very slight hardness to it if you tend to land hard on your heel when you walk . Suspect because of the extra thick rubber padding at the heel for added durability - front design of shoe is a little flat and old school - retro `` grandpa shoes '' ; -0 ConclusionThis shoe runs half size big I think . Typical Clarks . I purposely bought my usual size so that I can add in an extra insole . It fits perfectly even with the insole.One of the most comfortable shoes I 've ever bought . Great Clarks design and quality .
 I received the shoes that fit what I saw in the picture when I decided to buy them . for which I am happy with my product and I recommend buying it !
 A great pair of shoes . The most comfortable pair of shoes I have ever owned
 Man , these shoes are comfortable , right out of the box . Similar shoes I have tried poach my feet ; these are comfortable after 8 hours on the job . I got really annoyed trying to find a wide shoe at all the usual places . `` These run wide '' they 'd say . I do n't need something that `` runs wide '' pal , I need a wide shoe . As a bonus , I found a place called Resole America that refurbishes Clarks , and have a had a pair of Clarks loafers resoled twice . There is n't a stitch out of place on them after five years . Great product .
 I received this shoe from UPS and very happy with it . This shoe was well made and comfortable . Only one thing that it made in china , so how long does It last I really do n't know . I will very happy if it made in england ... never , so sad .
 It iw a very good product i hope i has more less prices to make big market every where as it is very compfort , some of my friend will buy soon.thanks
 I have been wearing these Clark 's Portland Oxfords almost every day year round for the past 3 or so years and they seem to last forever . I recently bought a new pair only because of concerns that the style might be discontinued some day when they do finally wear out . Unlike many things being sold today , Clarks brand although a little pricey , are well worth the extra few dollars as they last forever and are extremely comfortable too .
 fue una buena esperencia de haber echo negocio con ustedes y espero que sigamos haciendo negocio , el producto es bueno la talle fue exacta tonto que lo seguire comprando
 That shoos one of the best I buy ever high quality almost I have it more than 24monthe and stile in good shape .
 Comfortable . lives up to the reviews although probably the plainest -LRB- ugly -RRB- Clarks I have ever bought . And good value . If you just want a comfortable pair of shoes to walk in these will do it . I have had problems in my feet and frankly Clarks walking shoes mean that do n't have to spend money on orthopedic shoes .
 I like them . They are a little dorky looking but perfect for work . Very comfortable and great price , i recieved them on the earliest possible date , which was great !
 I love these shoes ! First , they are comfortable . I stand for most of the day , and the souls of these shoes are made perfectly , such that I can stand without leg aches . They are also comfortable when you are walking . The second great thing about these shoes is that they look good . They are in that range between casual and dress shoes . You would not wear them with a suit , but they are great with a pair of pressed slacks and a dress shirt . Finally , they last . The shoes are well made and do n't fall apart . The other thing I love about these shoes is that they come in Narrow . I have a narrow foot , and it is very hard to find narrow shoes . This is the best pair of shoes I have been able to find that come in narrow .
 Very well made and seem durable . I would like to inform those of you with flat feet that the portland oxford has a very high arch support insert . I 'm 100 % flat and these shoes are impossible to wear with the inserts that are provided . I replaced them with a set of the leading tennis shoe inserts and now it 's the perfect shoe !!! I 'll probably order the black in the near future .
 Excellent shoes , very confortable and they look good . Exactly what you would expect from clarks . Would recomend them to anyone looking for a light and confortable everyday shoe .
 These shoes are one of a very few I have been able to wear all day without a break-in period .
 These are great looking shoes that are very comfortable to wear . For the price , you just ca n't beat them . They can be worn in the office or in a more casual setting . They are so good , I am ordering a second pair .
 The shoes are excellent and very comfortable . I have been using them for a week since they arrived and they fit like a pair of gloves .
 I bought these shoes , mainly for work . They look good with jeans , and I was getting tired of the adolescent look of my Vans . They 're comfortable to wear , they have a soft sole that does n't make hardly any sound when you 're walking , even on hard floors . I do n't know why I like that , but maybe you do too !
 I have an extra wide foot and a job that requiresme to be on my feet a good deal . These shoes havebeen remarkable . Like wearing slippers .
 These shoes were on sale and were a good buy ! Comfortable and good looking I 'm pleased with the purchase .
 The leather is soft . Materials are high quality . Craftsmanship is perfect . The bottom is like sport shoes , but the top is like dress shoes . I can wear it with jeans , khaki or even slack pants . But the best of all is that I can walk all day long at work without hurting my feet .
 Those pair of shoes are so comfortable , i just need one of this kind to care my feet .
 What else to say ? Good value for this decent brand . Comfortable and true to size . Flawless delivery , too .
 Good quality , but not true to size :--LRB- My husband usually wear sise 11W , but this item - Clarks Men 's Portland Oxford , Black Leather , 11 W - bigger ...
 I was looking for a strong pair of shoes that would be worth investing in . Look no further . I trusted the ` Clarks ' brand and i was duly rewarded . This shoe is waterproof to an amazing extent . It also has nice stitches on it that hold it together very well unlike other shoes which use glue . the insides are made for comfort and really take good care of your feet on long working / active days ... I can attest to that , I 'm a high school teacher .
 They are so comfortable that they feel like tennis shoes to me . The actual color is darker than what they appear online .
 I have had these shoes for about a year now & they have been wonderful . Very comfortable & despite heavy use , they have held up well . Great if you do a lot of walking .
 I grew up wearing Clarks shoes . And had forgotten how comfortable they actually are . Well , i received my shoes today , put them on , and was immediately reminded . These shoes are terrific ! Amazon should have a category for people who are thoroughly satisfied with any given product . For anyone looking for total comfortability and style , you can not -LRB- repeat , CAN NOT ! -RRB- go wrong with these shoes . I was so satisfied , i purchased another pair -LRB- different kind though -RRB- . Amazon gets props for such a speedy delivery.Tarikh Bandele .
 Shoes arrived quickly . Bought husband 's regular size and they fit very well . Sturdy , strong leather . Very good arch support . Good heel height , very comfortable . Would buy them again .
 I have been wearing this for quiet sometime now . About 4 + yrs . . on and off It felt like tennis shoes from day one and still is.I always wanted to buy an ECCO Men 's Track II . I had tried the Ecco -LRB- my firend 's -RRB- but to tell the truth , these shoes are even better . I have worn it to showel snow and in hot sun . They are the best shoes so far I ever had . Good to see that it is still in the market without any design change . If at all the current pair wears out , without wasting time I will repeat the purchase : -RRB-
 I meant to try these on for a few minutes , but had them on for an hour because I kept forgetting to take them off . Usually I ca n't wait to take off a pair of new shoes . I 'm impressed .
 These shoes are nice to wear , leather is supple and appears to be good construction . Although I wish it was made in the U.S.A. it is made in vietnam . The sole comfort on your feet is not the best , ok i guess but i think dockers are more comfort . Perhaps it has to do with the outer rubber sole ? These have a sort of V design tread which is kinda weird to have as far as everyday shoe . More flat designs are more comfortable . Improvements Needed
 muy buen producto . rapido facil y a tiempo la entrega . sin contratiempos en todo el proceso . lo recomiendo a a
 Tremendo zapato Clarks entrega rapida buen precio comodo y de buen material se recomienda el producto saludos desde Venezuela ...
 There was absolutely no complaints involving this product.The quality is top of the line!Now this product was shipped way to the Caribbean , it came wonderfully packaged and intact.I would suggest this product to anyone who 's looking to invest in great quality at and affordable prices .
 este producto esta bien en la condiciones esperadas , entrega por el vendedor a tiempo , sin ning&uacute;n problema segun lo requerido gracias , lo recomiendo .
 This pair of shoes is very comfortable and met my expectations . The photos however does not show exactly how the shoe looks and feel .
 Why oh why did they discontinue this shoe . What a great basic shoe for everyday . I replaced it with a J&M shoe which i got a great deal on because i work with them on some things and it is a good shoe but not exactly what i liked like this one is .
 Excellent fit , no breaking in , just put on a go . They are like walking on pillows , ca n't wait to but another pair of Clark 's .
 I ordered this as a replacement for a pair I wore out . It took me several years to go through the first pair . These feel good but may not be as sturdy as my old ones . I 'm going to give them a few miles test walk then may go up to the 5 stars .
 Im on my feet all day on concret floors . The shoes carks are like walking on air ... I would buy them again for my next pair of shoes in the furture ... Eric Philadelphia Prison
 I am very happy !! i do n't have any problem , everything is okey , i recommend , i got this item at time
 Clarks shoes are the best , stylish , comfortable , fashionable , for any occasion . used for all types of terrain and climate . my husband prefers all the features mentioned above . I recommend it . thank you very much
 son excelentes , c&ograve;modos y de gran uso . dese que los tengo los uso casi siempe y estan como nuevos , sobretodo la zuela
 Es de muy buena calidad y comodidad . Realmente comodos y el color es muy fino . Visten muy bien . Precio razonable con respecto a la calidad .
 This is the second pair of these shoe I have bought . I bought these because the first pair felt comfortable all day . I stand and walk about 75 % of the day . These shoe maybe just a little heavier than some walking shoes but you will enjoy them .
 VERY COMFORTABLE , GOOD LOOK , AND WARM SHOES , RECOMMEND , MOSTLY FOR THE PRICE . FIT TO SIZE . IT IS VERY GOOD!THANKS .
 These business casual shoes do n't scuff even if you drag your feet , and are very light and comfortable . I would buy them again !
 I purchased this pair of Clark 's shoes for a two week vacation through Eastern Europe . They were a very good choice indeed . They were low impact and really comfortable due to the high quality insoles , medium grade leather and great construction . This pair of shoes took me from Prag in the Czech Republic , Minsk Belarus , Riga Latvia , Kiev Ukraine and then to Milan Italy . I have only one reservation about this shoe . They squeek like rubber duckies due to the soft plastic like inserts under your heals . This is a top notch stylish product . Do n't pass them up.Alan Light
 Estoy muy contento con mis nuevos zapatos . Estoy ansioso por las nuevas rebajas de Clarks
 I had this shoe for 2 years and are very comfortable.Wore them for Beach , play and lot of things.Now colour is slowly coming out . I can polish and wear them again .
 I 've been buying the same Oxford shoe for years . If you want a good walking shoe that is comfortable and looks good the Portland Oxford is the one you want . I wear the heals out after a year but I walk about 7 miles a day in all types of weather -LRB- rain , snow ... etc -RRB- . The only thing I do n't like is they are made in Vietnam , I wish they made them in the USA .
 It is comfortable , great for outdoor . But it is a little biger than its size . And overall the shoe is quite heavy .
 My husband has been very pleased with these shoes .
 we recently brought these shoes from amazon and they are great comfortable shoes to wear . The postage and packing was good as well and arrived about the time they said they would . will definitely buy agagin
 This is a good conservative shoe for wearing to work . The leather is soft and the stitching is consistent . The tab in the back makes it easy to pull the shoes on if you have n't loosened the shoelaces totally . So far there are no visible scuffs after about 10 wears .
 I bought these Portland shoes in brown because they look classier than the other pair I was considering , the Rockport World Tour , which look okay in black but does n't cut it in brown for anything much more than casual dress . But since I do own the Rockport 's in black and chocolate nubuck , I can make some comparisons to the Clark 's . The Rockport 's are lighter and slightly more comfortable thanks to the softer leather and cushier sole . However despite their firmer sole the Clark 's are still very comfortable in their own right , and I experience no problems even after hours of walking , it 's just that the Rockport 's are like walking on a cloud versus the firmer feel of the Portland . Another difference is the removable insole - the Rockport 's is thin and cheap versus the Clark 's thicker and more supportive unit . Though I had to replace it with my custom orthotic -LRB- which has less padding -RRB- , I suspect that if you have normal feet , leaving the stock insole in place would go a long way to countering the hard sole.Despite the sport-stripe loop at the heel of the Portland , the shoe is classy enough to be worn with anything less than a suit , whereas the Rockport 's are slightly more casual . So , if you favour class go with the Clark 's ; if you want comfort above all go with the Rockports .
 The shoes were just what i was looking for i think clark has stopped making that model shoe received the shoes in a couple of days great service
 I am addicted to Clarks shoes . I was looking for a strong pair of shoes that would be worth the money . Look no further , this pair is durable and really care for my foot . The shoes is very comfortable specially when wearing it for long hours , and they fit my foot perfectly.Another thing , is the price . I got this shoes after paying a visit to my local `` Clarks '' labeled store to find the same shoes on display for approx 170 $ in Dubai !! And that was it for me . I managed to get the shoes shipped to me and the total cost -LRB- including shipping -RRB- was less than half the price of my local store .
 This is the second pair I 've ordered , and that in itself should say something . I 'm on my feet almost all day four days each week , and a car accident left me with a bad back . Together , these two things could be a disaster , but the shoes have made all the difference . They 're comfortable and supportive , they cushion your feet against the hardest surface , and they actually look pretty good . I 'll buy a third pair when the time comes if they keep making the shoes this well !
 First shoes i ever ordered online and i 'm happy with the purchase . Shoes are very comfortable , not stiff leather . I 'm just happy to find the shoes that fit my personal style and my size !
 My husband says these are comfortable , but is a little less enthusiastic about them than the other Clark 's I 've bought him . I purchased three pairs of Clarks at the same time , all on sale , and the other two fit better while this pair ran a little large . He wears them , but not very often , because they feel too big .
 Very comfortable . Light weight , water resistant . I ordered the extra wide . It 's a bit wider than the normal W size . I should order the regular one instead . Overall , it 's very good .
 `` Comfortable '' does n't do these shoes justice ... like walking on cotton candy puffs all day long ! No need to break them in , either . Snug fit so they do n't slip or slide off while walking . Sturdy sole makes for surefootedness . Shoes are a bit heavy - fine for me , but some may need to be aware . Waterproof too . Will buy more when needed .
 These shoes were an ideal match for a slightly odd-colored skirt I have . The color has worked really well with a lot of my wardrobe . Even though the shoes are patent , the insides are lined with leather - that 's really nice ! However , I 've worn these shoes twice and both times they 've rubbed my toes - but not to the point of blisters thankfully . I 'm a teacher and spend a LOT of time on my feet . The second wearing was less painful , so hopefully I 'll be able to break them in . These shoes will get you lots of compliments ! : -RRB-
 I just got these in the mail yesterday and I 'm wearing them today . Very comfortable for first day and I really like the arch support . Classy with a bit of an edge - very versitile !
 Finally i found a shoe from kenneth cole that fits me on my true size , pretty and comfy , they lasted for year .
 These shoes are so cute , and super comfy . Great for work and for going out after work too .
 This is the first pair of Kenneth Cole shoes that I have purchased . They are great ! They fit perfectly - they do n't pinch or squeeze anywhere ! They have a padded sole so they are more comfortable than most flats , too ! They are much cuter in person than they are in the picture . I got complements all day long the first time I wore these !
 These Kenneth Cole flats are fantastic . I saw them in a store for four times the amount that I paid . They are super comfortable , but the patent leather gives it a classy dressy look . I wear them with a white tee shirt or a great dress . Last week I saw an article on Hilary Swank 's great flats , and these were them ! Note
 great little shoes ! need just a little breaking in , but really comfortable . they have good sole support , traction , and very flattering . not to mention the price was fantastic ! definitely recommended ...
 I do n't usually like to wear flats that are enclosed , but when I saw these I just had to have them . I was even more impressed that they looked just as good when I received them , and they are very comfortable .
 I love this shoe ! It 's fashionable , fun & comfortable . The fit is true to size . The only negative I have was that the back of the left shoe scratched my ankle the first few times I wore it .
 This shoe is so hot , i got it in the mail when i saw it i said wow . This is a bargain girls go get it .
 Product is EXACTLY what I wanted and expected . I have purchased the same shoe several times and using Amazon is the only way to go .
 Purchased a pair of Bostonian 's after many years of lower cost brands . Have to say the finish , the craftmanship , depth of color is what I would expect from them . Whatelse needs to be said !!!
 Bostonians ' produce comfortable good looking shoes for a professional environment . They are my favorite shoes to wear . I purchase them regularly .
 Bought a black and burgundy pair . The black pair had a faulty tassel attachment . Shoe Station emailed me a pre-paid return label , sent them back and got a new pair within a few days . Great shoes , great service !
 I love these shoes - have had a burgundy pair for about five years and they are still in great shape . Added the black pair . Good quality leather and sole and very comfortable .
 These shoes normally retail for $ 120 plus , I purchased two pairs for $ 160 with free shipping . You ca n't beat that for value . These shoes consistently wear well , these are my 6th and 7th pairs . You can definitely have them resoled once , sometimes twice .
 I am japanese , I ca n't buy cool shoes in Japan . Amazon is usuful for me . First I met these , 18 years ago in N.Y . Bostonian is my favorite shoes .
 As most already know , I dress in mens business professional attire for work almost every day . I tried Bostonian once before and had a less than great experience with durability -LRB- one heel actually came off for no apparent reason but that was YEARS ago -RRB- I inspected these shoes carefully upon arrival and found to my pleasure that the shoes seem to be very nice and have a high quality look and feel to them . Best of all , when I slipped them on they were fairly comfy right off the bat . I ordered an 11 D even though I size at 10.5 D. Wear a nice high quality dress sock and you should be fine ... wear the cheapo no padding version and you may be a bit loose if you order half sizes above your exact fit . The proof will be in the pudding of course , but so far , so good !
 I order shoes online next to never , but having owned a pair of these shoes in black -LRB- same size and style -RRB- my expectations were good.I think everyone wants that `` Cinderella '' fit in a shoe , but in reality few are like that . Every brand of shoe is cut a little differently , and thus the real question is whether or not it gives in a way that does n't cause discomfort . In my case , this shoe felt fine the first time I wore it which was for about 3 hours in church.I like it . The shine of the leather and the wingtip imprint make it a standout . The sole feels lighter than some of the classic dress shoes used to be , but in my book this is a good thing as it invites better shock absorbtion when you walk . Also noticeable is that the leather forms creases easier than older shoes used to , but some buyers will see them as character marks , while others view it as a shortcoming.All in all , I will probably invest in another pair -LRB- brown -RRB- when they become available in my size -LRB- 11-1/2 W -RRB- .
 Sharp set of shoes . Comfortable , too , and they fit well.But I believe they were shipped on Cinderella 's Coach - while the mice were still mice . It took FOREVER to arrive , so be warned .
 I wear these shoes every day of the week when I travel , and they are great . The support and form of the shoes make them ideal if you have weak arches or suffer from diabetes .
 My husband has worn this shoe for years because they keep the shine and wear like iron . He has hadonly one pair that was not a perfect fit , and a shoe stretcher fixed that .
 These shoes look sharp and wear well after an initial break in period . One warning , the sizing seems to be on the small size . And when you get the shoes out of the box they are very stiff , which is n't uncommon for some dress shoes , but these seem extraordinarily stiff . Add that to the small sizing and you may encounter a fit problem . My suggestion is to order the shoes about a half size larger than you typically wear .
 I got these for my husband for Christmas . The fit and color was perfect , quality is excellent . I would definitely buy these again !
 The shoe has a classy appearance and comfort to match . They keep their shine and they are easy to maintain .
 Easy slip on shoe , good for church and going out to dinner . Good with slacks and jeans . Do n't get rough in them though .
 Fit is fine -LRB- 11 D -RRB- . High instep will create issues in getting into the shoe initially . After a wearing or two they will loosen , so slipping them on will become easier . Classic design .
 Purchased these shoes and am very familiar with Bostonian and the Evanston . Shoes are comfortable from the very onset of placing them onyour feet . Came within a few days and am very happy and satisfied .
 These are high quality shoes . Very classy and sharp in appearance . Comfortable . Good price . What more could you ask for ?
 I usually wear size 13 , but I 'm not sure about which size I should buy , 13N ,13 W or13M
 These are same shoes Men 's Warehouse sells for $ 100 . They fit very well and are very comfortable . I definitely would buy again .
 What a pleasure it is to purchase such a quality , comfortable , shoe . This style is such a great looking shoe , and the price can not be beat .
 My first thought when I saw this deal was , `` I can deal with anything for $ 30 . '' , but these shoes are extremely comfortable . I routinely slip my shoes off during the day and immediately after crossing the threshold upon returning home . I am able to keep these on all day and throughout the evening . I have to remind myself to take them off to let my feet breath .
 The Leather used in the main part of the shoe were thin and so after about 6 months wearing they cracked and split on the outside of the right foot down from the little toe . Check the consistency and quality of the leather when you get them . Other than that these are outstanding shoes . I have worn this style by Bostonian for many years .
 My husband is very pleased with his shoes . He told me he can tell they are high quality shoes because the leather is good and they have great arch support . I looked in all the local stores and a lot on line . These were the most economical product I found for the quality . Amazon.com has proved once again to be a good source for shopping .
 Minimalist styling and made in the spirit of old school shoes like Superstar , Campus , etc. . . Very accommodating of my prodigiously wide feet . Nicely padded on the inside and a slightly thicker soul -LRB- thanSuperstar -RRB- . I hope adidas continues to produce these .
 Fantastic heels . Comfortable , well made , and very sharp looking.I would definitely buy again
 I needed a pair of new sneakers to officiate basketball during the summer for AAU games . Now , I did n't want to wear my usual patent leather that I normally wear during the winter season.These shoes are great for running up and down the court b/c they are light on your feet and as a true running sneaker ... they have this ` mesh ' look to them which kinda gives off an air condition feeling.The look of them is mostly black with a shade of titantium on the Adidas stripes . They hardly show up . Bersides , most refs I see sually have some distinct white showing on their mostly black shoes.I would buy these again especially for under $ 50 .
 This has been my first dedicated running shoe in a while . I would say that I have been very pleased with this shoe . It is light , flexible , and very comforable . I suppose that a hard core runner could recomend a better shoe for 3 or 4 times the price , but for a shoe around $ 50 , this is fairly good .
 I love these running shoes I have put close to 100 miles on them and I am 240lbs , and they still fell good .
 These are pretty ugly shoes I think , but then again , I 've NEVER seen an attractive pair of real running shoes . These were way cheaper than the average pair of running shoes , but had great support and bounce . Very comfortable to run in !
 These shoes are very sharp looking and the size was perfect . Highly reccommened them .
 I bought these shoes on line , the first time I have ever bought shoes on line . I did it because I had a similar pair , the same brand , and after years of use , they were dying . These new shoes are functional and comfortable for everyday work wear , and the size was a perfect fit , matching their predecessors .
 I bought this shoes for my brother and he is very happy with it ... totally recommended !!!
 Very comfortable , and for 25 bucks , what a great deal !
 I love them . I paid under 30 $ for them and they look wow !! Very comfortable , true to the size.Yes , I would again buy them if needed .
 I bought this purse because I needed something that could go over the shoulder and hold everything and anything . I took a trip to NYC and never once was I without anything I needed . I also took it to Disney World with my kids and it held water bottles , snacks , juice boxes , glasses , sunglasses , kleenex ... you name it ! One bag , everything you need ! I highly recommend this purse for anyone who is looking to have secure that are convienent to find .
 I used this on a trip to Maui , and it held everything I needed , including my digital camera and iPod . I especially like the phone holster . My only complaint is about the strap , which could be more comfortable .
 These were a great bargain . Well made , comfortable , and stylish . They do n't match Allen Edmunds , but neither do the prices by a long shot .
 it looks very nice ... very comfortable . You will love it if you have one .
 Vert comfy - but I would suggest a half size to full size larger if you are not fimilliar with such bodacious heels - they make your legs look KILLER !
 I am very pleased with this purchase ... Shipping was prompt and smooth ... Not everybody can handle a 5 '' heel ... but this is what I had been looking for ... I 'd definitely buy from this seller again !!!
 Amazon is the most incredible place and I wonder what I did before they started offering products other than books , movies and CDs . I live in a small town and the only place to shop is Wal-Mart , which is n't saying much if you want nice things . So , thank you , Amazon , for doing what you do . But this review is really supposed to be about the product I ordered - in this case , the Walking Cradles sandal known as `` Jenna '' . Walking Cradles are the most comfortable shoes -LRB- other than my everyday Crocs ! -RRB- that I 've ever worn . And that 's saying a lot in my case because I have a very hard-to-fit foot . It 's wide and I have an extremely high instep . But these sandals fit like a dream , which is why I now have them in every color they make . And I wear a half size smaller than I do in a regular shoe because they offer the wide width . If you ever need a well-made , comfortable shoe , go with Walking Cradles ; I do !
 Purchased Walking Cradles Women 's Jenna Sandal for my wife . She says they are very confortable , and true to size . My wife is ready purchase another pair of Jennas in a different color .
 I actually bought this item for my younger brother while preparing for my wedding day . It was difficult to get the colour I wanted in his size so I placed a rush order through amazon when I finally found this . The shoe fit him perfectly and it also arrived just in time for my wedding .
 I bought these Mary Janes for my Niece and she loved them . Fit was perfect and very comfortable she said .
 Converse Chuck Taylor All Stars are not just a fashion statement . Back in the day , they were my choice of athletic footwear -- following in my father 's footsteps -- while starting center on the high school basketball team . For a 6 ' 2 '' white guy with a moderate vertical leaping ability , I did n't have to worry about losing any spring in my step , and I always led stats in rebounds and blocked shots against players wearing the then-ubiquitous Adidas , Puma and Converse `` Dr. J '' hi-tops . In all fairness , and as a disclaimer , 80 % of the opposing team members were white guys , too.Still , though I have absolutely no vertical leap left -LRB- hey . I graduated 24 years ago -RRB- , I still wear these shoes , just because . Like one reviewer pointed out , they 're a great conversation starter . Plus , they 're as comfy as a second pair of feet.At the turn of the 20th to the 21st century , it appeared that there 'd be NO Chucks left at all
 These shoes are one of a very few I have been able to wear all day without a break-in period .
 These are great looking shoes that are very comfortable to wear . For the price , you just ca n't beat them . They can be worn in the office or in a more casual setting . They are so good , I am ordering a second pair .
 The shoes are excellent and very comfortable . I have been using them for a week since they arrived and they fit like a pair of gloves .
 I bought these shoes , mainly for work . They look good with jeans , and I was getting tired of the adolescent look of my Vans . They 're comfortable to wear , they have a soft sole that does n't make hardly any sound when you 're walking , even on hard floors . I do n't know why I like that , but maybe you do too !
 I have an extra wide foot and a job that requiresme to be on my feet a good deal . These shoes havebeen remarkable . Like wearing slippers .
 These shoes were on sale and were a good buy ! Comfortable and good looking I 'm pleased with the purchase .
 The leather is soft . Materials are high quality . Craftsmanship is perfect . The bottom is like sport shoes , but the top is like dress shoes . I can wear it with jeans , khaki or even slack pants . But the best of all is that I can walk all day long at work without hurting my feet .
 Those pair of shoes are so comfortable , i just need one of this kind to care my feet .
 What else to say ? Good value for this decent brand . Comfortable and true to size . Flawless delivery , too .
 Good quality , but not true to size :--LRB- My husband usually wear sise 11W , but this item - Clarks Men 's Portland Oxford , Black Leather , 11 W - bigger ...
 muy buen producto . rapido facil y a tiempo la entrega . sin contratiempos en todo el proceso . lo recomiendo a a
 Tremendo zapato Clarks entrega rapida buen precio comodo y de buen material se recomienda el producto saludos desde Venezuela ...
 There was absolutely no complaints involving this product.The quality is top of the line!Now this product was shipped way to the Caribbean , it came wonderfully packaged and intact.I would suggest this product to anyone who 's looking to invest in great quality at and affordable prices .
 este producto esta bien en la condiciones esperadas , entrega por el vendedor a tiempo , sin ning&uacute;n problema segun lo requerido gracias , lo recomiendo .
 This pair of shoes is very comfortable and met my expectations . The photos however does not show exactly how the shoe looks and feel .
 Why oh why did they discontinue this shoe . What a great basic shoe for everyday . I replaced it with a J&M shoe which i got a great deal on because i work with them on some things and it is a good shoe but not exactly what i liked like this one is .
 Excellent fit , no breaking in , just put on a go . They are like walking on pillows , ca n't wait to but another pair of Clark 's .
 I ordered this as a replacement for a pair I wore out . It took me several years to go through the first pair . These feel good but may not be as sturdy as my old ones . I 'm going to give them a few miles test walk then may go up to the 5 stars .
 Im on my feet all day on concret floors . The shoes carks are like walking on air ... I would buy them again for my next pair of shoes in the furture ... Eric Philadelphia Prison
 I am very happy !! i do n't have any problem , everything is okey , i recommend , i got this item at time
 I was looking for a strong pair of shoes that would be worth investing in . Look no further . I trusted the ` Clarks ' brand and i was duly rewarded . This shoe is waterproof to an amazing extent . It also has nice stitches on it that hold it together very well unlike other shoes which use glue . the insides are made for comfort and really take good care of your feet on long working / active days ... I can attest to that , I 'm a high school teacher .
 They are so comfortable that they feel like tennis shoes to me . The actual color is darker than what they appear online .
 I have had these shoes for about a year now & they have been wonderful . Very comfortable & despite heavy use , they have held up well . Great if you do a lot of walking .
 I grew up wearing Clarks shoes . And had forgotten how comfortable they actually are . Well , i received my shoes today , put them on , and was immediately reminded . These shoes are terrific ! Amazon should have a category for people who are thoroughly satisfied with any given product . For anyone looking for total comfortability and style , you can not -LRB- repeat , CAN NOT ! -RRB- go wrong with these shoes . I was so satisfied , i purchased another pair -LRB- different kind though -RRB- . Amazon gets props for such a speedy delivery.Tarikh Bandele .
 Shoes arrived quickly . Bought husband 's regular size and they fit very well . Sturdy , strong leather . Very good arch support . Good heel height , very comfortable . Would buy them again .
 I have been wearing this for quiet sometime now . About 4 + yrs . . on and off It felt like tennis shoes from day one and still is.I always wanted to buy an ECCO Men 's Track II . I had tried the Ecco -LRB- my firend 's -RRB- but to tell the truth , these shoes are even better . I have worn it to showel snow and in hot sun . They are the best shoes so far I ever had . Good to see that it is still in the market without any design change . If at all the current pair wears out , without wasting time I will repeat the purchase : -RRB-
 I meant to try these on for a few minutes , but had them on for an hour because I kept forgetting to take them off . Usually I ca n't wait to take off a pair of new shoes . I 'm impressed .
 These shoes are nice to wear , leather is supple and appears to be good construction . Although I wish it was made in the U.S.A. it is made in vietnam . The sole comfort on your feet is not the best , ok i guess but i think dockers are more comfort . Perhaps it has to do with the outer rubber sole ? These have a sort of V design tread which is kinda weird to have as far as everyday shoe . More flat designs are more comfortable . Improvements Needed
 Clarks shoes are the best , stylish , comfortable , fashionable , for any occasion . used for all types of terrain and climate . my husband prefers all the features mentioned above . I recommend it . thank you very much
 son excelentes , c&ograve;modos y de gran uso . dese que los tengo los uso casi siempe y estan como nuevos , sobretodo la zuela
 Es de muy buena calidad y comodidad . Realmente comodos y el color es muy fino . Visten muy bien . Precio razonable con respecto a la calidad .
 This is the second pair of these shoe I have bought . I bought these because the first pair felt comfortable all day . I stand and walk about 75 % of the day . These shoe maybe just a little heavier than some walking shoes but you will enjoy them .
 VERY COMFORTABLE , GOOD LOOK , AND WARM SHOES , RECOMMEND , MOSTLY FOR THE PRICE . FIT TO SIZE . IT IS VERY GOOD!THANKS .
 These business casual shoes do n't scuff even if you drag your feet , and are very light and comfortable . I would buy them again !
 I purchased this pair of Clark 's shoes for a two week vacation through Eastern Europe . They were a very good choice indeed . They were low impact and really comfortable due to the high quality insoles , medium grade leather and great construction . This pair of shoes took me from Prag in the Czech Republic , Minsk Belarus , Riga Latvia , Kiev Ukraine and then to Milan Italy . I have only one reservation about this shoe . They squeek like rubber duckies due to the soft plastic like inserts under your heals . This is a top notch stylish product . Do n't pass them up.Alan Light
 Estoy muy contento con mis nuevos zapatos . Estoy ansioso por las nuevas rebajas de Clarks
 I had this shoe for 2 years and are very comfortable.Wore them for Beach , play and lot of things.Now colour is slowly coming out . I can polish and wear them again .
 I 've been buying the same Oxford shoe for years . If you want a good walking shoe that is comfortable and looks good the Portland Oxford is the one you want . I wear the heals out after a year but I walk about 7 miles a day in all types of weather -LRB- rain , snow ... etc -RRB- . The only thing I do n't like is they are made in Vietnam , I wish they made them in the USA .
 It is comfortable , great for outdoor . But it is a little biger than its size . And overall the shoe is quite heavy .
 My husband has been very pleased with these shoes .
 we recently brought these shoes from amazon and they are great comfortable shoes to wear . The postage and packing was good as well and arrived about the time they said they would . will definitely buy agagin
 This is a good conservative shoe for wearing to work . The leather is soft and the stitching is consistent . The tab in the back makes it easy to pull the shoes on if you have n't loosened the shoelaces totally . So far there are no visible scuffs after about 10 wears .
 I bought these Portland shoes in brown because they look classier than the other pair I was considering , the Rockport World Tour , which look okay in black but does n't cut it in brown for anything much more than casual dress . But since I do own the Rockport 's in black and chocolate nubuck , I can make some comparisons to the Clark 's . The Rockport 's are lighter and slightly more comfortable thanks to the softer leather and cushier sole . However despite their firmer sole the Clark 's are still very comfortable in their own right , and I experience no problems even after hours of walking , it 's just that the Rockport 's are like walking on a cloud versus the firmer feel of the Portland . Another difference is the removable insole - the Rockport 's is thin and cheap versus the Clark 's thicker and more supportive unit . Though I had to replace it with my custom orthotic -LRB- which has less padding -RRB- , I suspect that if you have normal feet , leaving the stock insole in place would go a long way to countering the hard sole.Despite the sport-stripe loop at the heel of the Portland , the shoe is classy enough to be worn with anything less than a suit , whereas the Rockport 's are slightly more casual . So , if you favour class go with the Clark 's ; if you want comfort above all go with the Rockports .
 The shoes were just what i was looking for i think clark has stopped making that model shoe received the shoes in a couple of days great service
 I am addicted to Clarks shoes . I was looking for a strong pair of shoes that would be worth the money . Look no further , this pair is durable and really care for my foot . The shoes is very comfortable specially when wearing it for long hours , and they fit my foot perfectly.Another thing , is the price . I got this shoes after paying a visit to my local `` Clarks '' labeled store to find the same shoes on display for approx 170 $ in Dubai !! And that was it for me . I managed to get the shoes shipped to me and the total cost -LRB- including shipping -RRB- was less than half the price of my local store .
 This is the second pair I 've ordered , and that in itself should say something . I 'm on my feet almost all day four days each week , and a car accident left me with a bad back . Together , these two things could be a disaster , but the shoes have made all the difference . They 're comfortable and supportive , they cushion your feet against the hardest surface , and they actually look pretty good . I 'll buy a third pair when the time comes if they keep making the shoes this well !
 First shoes i ever ordered online and i 'm happy with the purchase . Shoes are very comfortable , not stiff leather . I 'm just happy to find the shoes that fit my personal style and my size !
 My husband says these are comfortable , but is a little less enthusiastic about them than the other Clark 's I 've bought him . I purchased three pairs of Clarks at the same time , all on sale , and the other two fit better while this pair ran a little large . He wears them , but not very often , because they feel too big .
 Very comfortable . Light weight , water resistant . I ordered the extra wide . It 's a bit wider than the normal W size . I should order the regular one instead . Overall , it 's very good .
 I got this as a gift for my husband . Everyday he comes home talking about how comfortable these shoes are .
 These are very comfortable shoes , hold up well to the snow here in Wyoming . Somehow , the seam that goes around the upper border of the toe box makes them look a little cheap . Otherwise , these are really very comfortable . I can wear these for 14 - 16 hours in a day and my knees and feet are not aching at the end of the day so I am willing to accept however they look for that reason alone .
 Bought these for walking trade shows and work days , but good for casual evenings too.Very comfortable and nice looking .
 Suffering from real foot pain due to years of working on my feet . Tried &#34; Rockports &#34; which were n't bad , but would regularly cause blistering or hot spots . These shoes are probably the best I 've worn for comfort . I bought a brown and black pair and wearing them daily to work has completely eliminated the sharp pains I 'd occasionally get in my feet . The manufacturer seems to use high quality material both inside and out . I think you will be pleased with these shoes if you work in a professional environment but need that extra support for long hours on your feet . Great buy !
 excelentes zapatos , lo recomiendo 100 % , son muy comodos , la compra se realizo sin problemas y el envio fue inmediato no duden en comprarlo
 Excelente producto y por eso es la calificacion que le otorgo al vendedor y tambien fue entregado en el tiempo estipulado . Los recomiendo 100 %
 This is my clarks 's shoe.I like it , it 's fit for my foot and comfortable.it 's worth to buy it.I think that i &#34; ll buy it next time .
 I THINK THAT THIS IS LEGEND AND IT IS VERY COMFORTABLEI LIKE IT AND ITS VERY NICE THANK FOR ALL
 They are much lighter than they look which was a surprise and a good one . They are very comfortable . I looked and looked and could not find any shoes like this . The Chukas were too heavy and bulky .
 I bought tbese for my dad who is suffering with severely swollen feet and legs . He has been to several stores trying to find a pair that are wide enough and has not had much luck . I got these in the extra wide size and he is just thrilled to have a pair that actually fit and look good .
 excellent craftsmanship
 This is an excellent pair of shoes that will last . The sole -LRB- heel section -RRB- of my current pair is about half worn -LRB- but still very wearable -RRB- , but get this , this is after 7 years of almost daily wear , including long walks along the Vegas strip in various types of terrain . If I do n't look at the shoe bottom , my current pair is still looking new , since this pair of shoe is easy to keep looking new with only simple occasional maintenance -LRB- I clean and polish with some brown oil only once every few months -RRB- . It is also very stain resistant , as on a couple of occasions I got it dirty with a few scratches and I thought the shoe is now looking worn , but after cleaning and polish , they turn beautiful again and the scratches disappeared . I was amazed ! I even went out and bought a 2nd pair for future replacement , as I 'm very picky about my shoes . If you want a pair of shoes that looks descent and will last , then you should n't go wrong with this .
 I bought these shoes for my husband because he goes through shoes so quickly . He had a pair of these several years ago that he would still be wearing except our pomeranian chewed them up . Most shoes we buy him , even expensive name brands , seem to fall apart after just a few months . These shoes however last for years and are really comfortable . They are definitely worth the price .
 My husband has had a pair of these shoes in the past and really liked them . They size well , wear well , and are comfortable from Day one . Amazon outdid themselves with their pricing and very quick delivery ; ahead of schedule . Paperwork was enclosed in case there needed to be a return , but these were absolutely what was described and what my husband ordered . We would use them again !
 Previously purchased this same Clark 's Portland Oxford model several years ago . They were getting a little worn so I purchased this new pair . Hope that when the new pair gets worn out Clark will still have this model available . Its comfortable and well made . It is great value for the money .
 This shoes is beautifull , very comfortable , very flexible , leather genuine.Me encanta este zapato , es muy comodo , muy flexible y puro cuero de verdad.Clarks = Confortable
 I bought almost the exact same Clark 's shoe years ago , It lasted forever until the outside soles finally wore down . The upper body is still ok.Its comfortable and sturdy with a good fit . Good price as well .
 Cowboy boots do not fit the bottom of my foot , the shoe platform and insoles do on these shoes . So I wear them to do cowboy chores in and they have taken the abuse of work boots . More comfortable than any boots . Cowboys say the fit of the shoes to the hoof is very important.Sore hooves , no horse . Same with our feet!It 's all about COMFORT and DURABILITY .
 these shoes are very comfortable , the quality is excellent , the size was perfect and the shipping was very fast , I am very pleased and would definitely go back to trust this brand
 fue una buena esperencia de haber echo negocio con ustedes y espero que sigamos haciendo negocio , el producto es bueno la talle fue exacta tonto que lo seguire comprando
 That shoos one of the best I buy ever high quality almost I have it more than 24monthe and stile in good shape .
 Comfortable . lives up to the reviews although probably the plainest -LRB- ugly -RRB- Clarks I have ever bought . And good value . If you just want a comfortable pair of shoes to walk in these will do it . I have had problems in my feet and frankly Clarks walking shoes mean that do n't have to spend money on orthopedic shoes .
 I like them . They are a little dorky looking but perfect for work . Very comfortable and great price , i recieved them on the earliest possible date , which was great !
 I love these shoes ! First , they are comfortable . I stand for most of the day , and the souls of these shoes are made perfectly , such that I can stand without leg aches . They are also comfortable when you are walking . The second great thing about these shoes is that they look good . They are in that range between casual and dress shoes . You would not wear them with a suit , but they are great with a pair of pressed slacks and a dress shirt . Finally , they last . The shoes are well made and do n't fall apart . The other thing I love about these shoes is that they come in Narrow . I have a narrow foot , and it is very hard to find narrow shoes . This is the best pair of shoes I have been able to find that come in narrow .
 Very well made and seem durable . I would like to inform those of you with flat feet that the portland oxford has a very high arch support insert . I 'm 100 % flat and these shoes are impossible to wear with the inserts that are provided . I replaced them with a set of the leading tennis shoe inserts and now it 's the perfect shoe !!! I 'll probably order the black in the near future .
 Excellent shoes , very confortable and they look good . Exactly what you would expect from clarks . Would recomend them to anyone looking for a light and confortable everyday shoe .
 I must admit , that I do n't have that many shoes , but have more than I need . I 've had these over a year now and do n't use them as much as I wanted to , because they are not the best looking -LRB- or probably not my favorite ones -RRB- . However , they do not look bad at all -LRB- they are just not trendy , but hey
 I live and work in New York City , which is a walking city . I work for a non-profit at the United Nations , so I need a shoe that is comfortable and appropriate for work at the United Nations . This is my new favorite shoe . It fits well . I got a 10 N. Most shoes no longer come in narrow sizes , so it is a real treat to have a shoe that actually fits my feet . It is comfortable , durable and looks great . Could n't ask for more . I 've tried many shoes looking for the perfect shoe for me . I 've had this pair for over a month and I 've found my perfect shoe for both walking and business .
 First time I tried on Clarks . Very nice looking shoe . Extremely comfortable right out of the box . Soft leather , padding below the ankles very soft . Only problem was the sizing is generous . Have to return the shoes but ordered one half size smaller . Liked them to much not to try again .
 Well made comfort shoesLike - Thick soft leather . Does not require wearing in - Very comfortable . Fits like a glove on day one - rubber sole has very good grip - leather is breathable - non leather material around collar makes it very comfortable for long walks . Good design . - leather is darker than pic . makes it suitable for business casual . Looks very good with jeansDislike - rubber on the heel has a very very slight hardness to it if you tend to land hard on your heel when you walk . Suspect because of the extra thick rubber padding at the heel for added durability - front design of shoe is a little flat and old school - retro `` grandpa shoes '' ; -0 ConclusionThis shoe runs half size big I think . Typical Clarks . I purposely bought my usual size so that I can add in an extra insole . It fits perfectly even with the insole.One of the most comfortable shoes I 've ever bought . Great Clarks design and quality .
 I received the shoes that fit what I saw in the picture when I decided to buy them . for which I am happy with my product and I recommend buying it !
 A great pair of shoes . The most comfortable pair of shoes I have ever owned
 Man , these shoes are comfortable , right out of the box . Similar shoes I have tried poach my feet ; these are comfortable after 8 hours on the job . I got really annoyed trying to find a wide shoe at all the usual places . `` These run wide '' they 'd say . I do n't need something that `` runs wide '' pal , I need a wide shoe . As a bonus , I found a place called Resole America that refurbishes Clarks , and have a had a pair of Clarks loafers resoled twice . There is n't a stitch out of place on them after five years . Great product .
 I received this shoe from UPS and very happy with it . This shoe was well made and comfortable . Only one thing that it made in china , so how long does It last I really do n't know . I will very happy if it made in england ... never , so sad .
 It iw a very good product i hope i has more less prices to make big market every where as it is very compfort , some of my friend will buy soon.thanks
 I have been wearing these Clark 's Portland Oxfords almost every day year round for the past 3 or so years and they seem to last forever . I recently bought a new pair only because of concerns that the style might be discontinued some day when they do finally wear out . Unlike many things being sold today , Clarks brand although a little pricey , are well worth the extra few dollars as they last forever and are extremely comfortable too .
 They are exactly what are in the picture . Fits my husband 's narrow feet well . Guess they do not suit wide ones . I love the color and style . Exactly what I expected .
 I bought these shoes November 26 , 2005 and I threw them out December 20th , 2008 . For $ 35 they lasted quite a while . I wore them on a 2 week tour of Europe every day , and they were my main shoes for 3 years . Never had any issues with them , and the soles were wearing out so I bought another pair.I have read these `` Unlisted '' shoes can be hit or miss and I guess I got a good pair .
 i like this website how i can buy shoes and clothings ???
 I ordered Jan. 1st but I do n't know what 's going on.Please tell me thereis no problem .
 The boot looks good . I like Aerosole . They are always soft and comfortable . This one is comfortable as well . But , you need to have slim legs . I was 125lb , 5 ' 3 '' , I could n't fit in . Now , I am down to 119lb , I can fit in OK . I think you have to be 115lb to feel comfortable with this boot .
 I love it . Its light and felt like you 're wearing a tennis shoe . Very Comfortable . This is the best shoe I ever puchased online .
 Bell&iacute;simas botas en color oliva id&eacute;ntica a la foto . Muy c&oacute;modas . La talla del zapato es igual a la talla que solicit&eacute; .
 Converse Chuck Taylor All Stars are not just a fashion statement . Back in the day , they were my choice of athletic footwear -- following in my father 's footsteps -- while starting center on the high school basketball team . For a 6 ' 2 '' white guy with a moderate vertical leaping ability , I did n't have to worry about losing any spring in my step , and I always led stats in rebounds and blocked shots against players wearing the then-ubiquitous Adidas , Puma and Converse `` Dr. J '' hi-tops . In all fairness , and as a disclaimer , 80 % of the opposing team members were white guys , too.Still , though I have absolutely no vertical leap left -LRB- hey . I graduated 24 years ago -RRB- , I still wear these shoes , just because . Like one reviewer pointed out , they 're a great conversation starter . Plus , they 're as comfy as a second pair of feet.At the turn of the 20th to the 21st century , it appeared that there 'd be NO Chucks left at all
 Converse Chuck Taylor All Stars are not just a fashion statement . Back in the day , they were my choice of athletic footwear -- following in my father 's footsteps -- while starting center on the high school basketball team . For a 6 ' 2 '' white guy with a moderate vertical leaping ability , I did n't have to worry about losing any spring in my step , and I always led stats in rebounds and blocked shots against players wearing the then-ubiquitous Adidas , Puma and Converse `` Dr. J '' hi-tops . In all fairness , and as a disclaimer , 80 % of the opposing team members were white guys , too.Still , though I have absolutely no vertical leap left -LRB- hey . I graduated 24 years ago -RRB- , I still wear these shoes , just because . Like one reviewer pointed out , they 're a great conversation starter . Plus , they 're as comfy as a second pair of feet.At the turn of the 20th to the 21st century , it appeared that there 'd be NO Chucks left at all
 I love these shoes . If you have narrow feet , read no further , as these run very wide . I have a wide foot with a high arch and these are perfect . I get my regular size , as the length is fine . I also have them in the suede and find that they really stretch out after wearing awhile ; so might get them a half size smaller . I wear mine like house slippers , to the store , well everywhere . I have a really bad back and although I am still going to have to have surgery , they do help . If you love mules , you have wide feet , like a good arch support , go for it !!! I just wish they came in orange or red or some fun colors . I do n't know why shoes like this always have to look so earthy !!!
 i like this website how i can buy shoes and clothings ???
 These are very comfortable athletic shoes for both walking and running . Well made and very good quality . Fast shipping as well . I 'm very happy with this putchase .
 These shoes are light weight and very comfortable . Great for running and aerobic classes ! Love the pink color too ... get lots of compliments !
 This show is not only cute and wonderful color , but so very comfortable . Almost like wearing slippers . True to size and width .
 They arrived quickly and as expected . I ended up returning them due to purchasing two pairs by accident . No hassles and great customer service .
 The pink is gorgeous . The fit is roomy -LRB- Ihave a c foot -RRB- . Cushy , yet supportive-perfect blend . Oh , true to size and 50 bucks !
 I love these shoes . If you have narrow feet , read no further , as these run very wide . I have a wide foot with a high arch and these are perfect . I get my regular size , as the length is fine . I also have them in the suede and find that they really stretch out after wearing awhile ; so might get them a half size smaller . I wear mine like house slippers , to the store , well everywhere . I have a really bad back and although I am still going to have to have surgery , they do help . If you love mules , you have wide feet , like a good arch support , go for it !!! I just wish they came in orange or red or some fun colors . I do n't know why shoes like this always have to look so earthy !!!
 I brought this for my Mother . She loves the shoes . This is the only place I could get them . Her Christmas was made by receiving this product .
 I found these to be a perfect fit . They are very comfortable and great for those long shopping trips . Look very nice with both casual dress and jeans .
 Finding these shoes on Amazon were like winning the grand prize in a raffle.My mother is 91 yrs . old and sent me on a ride visiting Easy Spirit stores totry and locate these shoes in this particular color to replace an older pair.I did not find these in any store . I decided to check Amazon and was nicelysurprised to find them . She is so happy and they are comfortable.Best part is making your mother happy , thank you Amazon .
 I have worn Easy Spirit shoes for many years and find them comfortable and durable . I have had ongoing back problems , and find these shoes to help lessen back pain .
 Easy Spirit shoes of all types are unquestionably the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn . I recently bought 5 different types of shoes and they are all fantastic . I have medical issues that make it difficult for me to wear shoes of any kind . Easy Spirit allows me to walk like I have n't for several years . Quality and comfort are fantastic .
 I purchased these for my mother and she was happy with the color and the size . Thank you very much .
 I always liked the Easy Spirit shoes.These are very comfortable and a good buy.I may order another pair in a different color.I would recommend them to anyone who wants a comfortable shoe .
 This is the 3rd pair of Easy Spirit Walkers I 've owned ... and have worn out the first two ! The new ones carried me happily all over Boston on a recent vacation and not a single complaint ! These are the most attractive walking shoes I 've seen or worn
 Easy Spirit 's Motion Sport Lace Up shoes :1 . Provide all day comfortable -LRB- sometimes you forget you have them on -RRB- .2 . Come in great colors .3 . May resemble ` old lady ' shoes -LRB- not meaning to be offensive -RRB- . Yet they match just about anything you wear -LRB- casual or business -RRB- .4 . Last a very , very long time . I am still wearing several pairs I bought five-six years ago and have n't had a problem yet .5 . Come in a large variety of sizes .
 These shoes are extremely comfortable . I have several pairs in different colors and wear them all the time .
 I love these shoes ! I have bought several pairs in different colors . They are as comfortable as atheltic shoes but much more stylish . But beware -- they run small ! I normally wear a size 6.5 , but I have to order a size 7 with these .
 What a pleasure to walk all day in a stylish flat that also offers cushioning and good support and not have to wear clunky running shoes with skirts . I broke several bones in my right foot four years ago and ca n't wear heels . I also have narrow feet . Well , this is the first shoe I 've been able to wear all day and still feel stylish without breaking the bank . I bought them in every color , including metallic silver and gold ! A shoe for all seasons : -RRB-
 The shoes have cushion where needed which makes it a very comfortable shoe for walking . They are also very good when you have to be standing for a lenghth of time . I would recommend this shoe for people who have to be on their feet -LRB- working/standing -RRB- for a long period of time .
 A great fit . Comfortable . Easy care.Con
 I have worn this style of Easy Spirit shoe for many years . I 'm so thankful that it has n't chaged . It 's stylish , yet very comfortable and gives my feet excellent support . I thoroughly recommend it .
 Having been an Easy Spirit fan for many years , I 'm always looking for less-than-full price shoes . These `` Motion '' have been a consistently good buy , a great value shoe that holds up well , comfortable , polishes like new , and never separates at the seams . I wear the newest ones for outings , the older ones for around the house , the oldest ones for the garden . But I always watch for when they go for less than full price ... because I know I will get great , consistent shoes .
 My order was processed and shipped in amazing time . Thanks so much for your 5 Star Service
 This is a great shoe for me . It is light weight yet supportive . It looks dressier than I expected , which I am very pleased about .
 These are the most comfortable shoes if you are on your feet all day . They look good and fit so well .
 I love these shoes , well made , comfortable and nice looking . I expect them to last me a good long time .
 Like all Easy Spirit Shoes , these are great . Order arrived a few days after placing the order . High quality shoes at a great price .
 I know I wear these shoes more often than I should , there are days when I should probably wear dressier shoes , but I wear one of my pairs of Easy Spirit Motions Sport Lace-ups everyday because they are so comfortable . They seem quite durable too .
 The shoe runs narrow . The inside label says both &#34; B &#34; and &#34; D &#34; , B is printed on top of a line and D is printed underneath . I do n't know what that means , I ordered D width , but they seem to be a B width by appearance . HOWEVER , they are very comfortable anyway on my wide feet ! They are well-made and quite attractive , I can wear them with nice dresses/skirts . I am going to order more .
 OK . I have been wearing this style of shoes for decades . Decades ! You do n't go back time and again to buy a shoe that is n't comfortable , long wearing , and a good value.One reason I keep coming back to this style of shoe is it looks very nice and neat . It does n't look weird . So many shoes look just awful and I ca n't imagine how anyone could wear them . I call them chunky-clunks as they do n't look feminine in the least.These shoes come in many colors -LRB- I usually buy a neutral color -RRB- and everyone should be able to find a color they like . I 've worn them in the rain and have had no trouble with them -LRB- not talking about floods here . -RRB- All in all , I recommend this style of shoes .
 I have been wearing this style for years at work where I am always on my feet . I was unable to find them at the Easy Spirit outlet but got them here no problem
 I LIKE THESE SHOES THE STYLE AND WEAR IS VERY COMFORTING . THEY CAN BE DRESS DOWN AND UP IN WHAT EVER YOU WEAR .
 These shoes are one of the most comfortable I have ever worn . They hold up very well . I have been buying them for years . It was great to find them on line because not every store carries them . I do n't know why .
 This is the third pair of Easy Spirit Motion shoes I 've bought . They are so comfortable and support my feet . I wear them to work and they look great with slacks . These shoes are very sturdy and well made as well as comfortable . I heard that Easy Spirit is discontinuing this style . I hope it is n't so !
 I have had several pair of these in the last 25 years or so . These are so comfy , no break in time required . I 'd like to see more fashion colors , though . I 'd love to have pairs in turquoise , bright yellow , orange , kelly green , hot pink , etc. . I wear these with slacks and tailored skirts , even certain dresses . They are very soft and comfy , durable , and make your foot look very small . I ca n't recommend them strongly enough to anyone who needs to be on thier feet a great deal , or who has foot problems , or who simply wants a sturdy-but-stylish walking shoe .
 My 94 year old Mom loves these shoes and they are almost impossible to find in the store . She as several colors of this style . Her feet are now smaller so we needed to adjust the size . Could not find them in regular stores . Mom loves the comforrable fit and they are safe for her to wear .
 I have worn Easy spirit Women 's shoes for years and they are really a good shoe.Gives good support and always fits well .
 Easy Spirit Women 's Motion Sport Lace UpThese are comfortable , casual shoes . They look dressier than most sport walking shoes and look good with better quality pants . However , I would not wear them to an exercise class .
 I have a difficult time finding shoes that will work for me . Most stores do not carry fashionable women 's shoes in wide widths . I am enjoying this pair of Easy Spirit Shoes in the color red . I would purchase these again without hesitation .
 Like all Easy Spirit shoes , this pair was well-made . I had to return the pair because the shoe was too small . Although I wear a 6.5 in other Easy Spirit styles , this shoe was too short . You may want to order a half-size larger if you order this style .
 The shoes were perfect but my Mother needed a 9.5 N and the shoe came in as a 9N and I had to return it . It cost me $ 15.00 to return the shoe and I wanted the right size but I received the credit for the shoes only on my credit card but not for the shipping either way ! So I was n't happy and probably wo n't use this service again.Thanks , kathy
 My feet are hard to fit , but I find this shoe comfortable and it provides good support . I 'm glad it is still available .
 I used to buy these shoes 15 years ago -- their quality has not changed . Still a good fit & made very well .
 I wanted a pair of comfortable walking shoes to use on a trip . I frankly hate the clunky , chunky , clumsy Frankenstein-like clodhoppers that seem to be ubiquitous in every store I visited looking for a simple fashionable walking shoe.I did n't think `` fashionable '' and `` comfortable '' were mutually exclusive ! I finally found these Easy Spirit shoes , and they were exactly what I was looking for.Easy Spirit shoes are light , airy , comfortable and go perfectly with jeans or chinos . They are water-resistant as well , so I had no worries about wearing them in rainy weather either . Love 'em .
 Love the shoes . I have this shoe in 5 colors . When I wanted a third WHITE pair could not find them on line at J. C. Penney 's as I have in the past and could not find the white shoes on line at Easy Spirit . Amazon directed me to Shoemall.com where they had this shoe in about 18 different colors . Thank you Amazon !
 I got these for my 93 year old mother who still walks for exercise . She has an extremely hard to find shoe size -LRB- 8 AAAA -RRB- and this is almost the only shoe made in that size any more so we are lucky to be able to buy it for her . She has these in several colors and finds them comfortable to wear every day , all day .
 Love these shoes - could not find them in ther stores in my area . They hae every color but white . Have a pair but they are really old and wanted a pair that looked nicer . The shoes are comfortable and they look a little more dressy than the normal tennis shoe . Paid a little more than the price at our stores but , they are worth the extra cost .
 I love Easy Spirit walking shoes . They are n't a sneaker and do n't look like one but that is what they feel like - very comfortable !
 I love these shoes . I work in a place that has a professional dress code and I ca n't wear sneakers or shower type shoes . Recently my company instituted a fitness/walking program of 10,000 steps a day . The floors in my building are hard stone/granite and can be slippery when the humidity is high , so I needed a shoe with a rubber sole , looked professional and gave support and comfort ... this shoe fit the ticket . The shoes are comfortable , very lightweight , well constructed and good value for my money . I would recommend them to anyone who walks or are on their feet a large percentage of the day.I 'm thinking of getting another pair in an alternative color . I have seen these shoes in various mail order catalogs for about $ 10.00 more than from Amazon -LRB- and the vendor -RRB- .
 I love these shoes . Have been wearing them for years and hope Easy Spirit does not EVER stop making them ! Great support for tired feet !
 I have a very narrow foot and I need shoes that I can put an orthotic in . Easy spirits work well for me . I love this color . It gives me a lift and I do n't feel quite as dowdy as usual !
 FOR ME , THE EASY SPIRT `` MOTION '' SHOE IS T_H_E PERFECT SHOE . I am unable to wear heels , -LRB- long story -RRB- -- but these shoes , which lace up as in any true oxford , have a streamlined look that many other oxford shoes today , burdened as they are with extra outside padding , do not . The result is , that this is indeed a SLIM , WALKING shoe , not a bulky sports shoe . It is as neat and pretty as any woman 's oxford shoe can be.This is a very , very comfortable shoe . It is not quite accurate to say it is like walking on air -- but it IS as comortable as a shoe can be , I believe , without going to the expense of custom-made shoes.When a shoe comes in many , many colours , you KNOW it has to be a GOOD shoe . Because so many people are buying it , the manufacturer can afford to branch out and make it in many different colours . For a very long time , I happily wore the WHITE color of this shoe , whilst my mom wore the WHEAT colour . We were both very happy with them!Then , I saw in a well-known catalogue , that they are available from the store associated with that catalogue , -LRB- on special order only -RRB- , in G O L D colour ! And not just a `` goldEN '' colour -- but a true , gold foil colour ! And at the same price as all the other colours ! All that `` special ordering '' the gold -LRB- foil -RRB- shoes , was to wait a few weeks longer.I have now worn the -LRB- shiny ! -RRB- gold -LRB- foil -RRB- colour of Easy Spirit `` Motion '' shoes for a few years . I have gotten several very nice complimnts on them as well ! And no wonder -- they look almost like golden-colour `` bronzedd '' baby shoes , or , are somewhat similar to the sheen in Princess Elizabeth and Princess Margaret 's flat pumps , in the famous `` double negative '' picture , by Marcus Adams -- taken in Buckingham Palace , with their mother , father , and corgi dog . The picture is in black and white , so I have no idea if the Princesses wore gold or silver pumps in it . But -- the foil-bright SHINE is the same ! In the words of the classic song ... '' Oh ... dem golden slippers ... ! ''
 This is a wonderful shoe . I had a hard time finding it until I went to Amazon and there it was . They are so comfortable and I feel safe in them as there is good support .
 I love my Easy Spirit Women 's Motion Fitness Casual Crocs . My feet are grateful for the caressing of these shoes . I no longer need to hurry home as I have comfort for the day . Thank you !!
 I have used Easy Spirit when I show my dogs for several years . They are light weight and have good traction when moving my dog . I wore my last pair for several years until my new puppy chewed them .
 These are the most comfortable shoes ever made and they look very conservative . I have them in several colors because they look good with slacks or skirts . They hold up well with everyday use and are lightweight so they pack well . If you try one pair , you keep coming back to them for your basic wardrobe .
 I purchased these shoes to wear for casual wear with my jeans when I did not want to wear my regular walking shoes . They are cute , stylish and comfortable for everyday wear , not recommended for heavy walking .
 I have had over 10 pairs of easy spirit shoes and have these in two colours . I have high insteps , high arches and hammertoes ... and these are still comfortable . The support is not as good as in their running and training shoes , yet plenty good for walking long distances and taking public transport daily .
 I got this pair of Easy Spirit shoes to replace my previous pair of Easy Spirit lace-ups , which had been my favorite pair of casual shoes for the past 15-20 years -LRB- I know , hard to believe they lasted that long - Easy Spirit is a great brand ! -RRB- . My new brown leather lace-ups are well-made , stylish , and very comfortable . If you 're looking for sharp-looking shoes that are easy on the feet for long periods of wear , I 'd say go for these !
 I have bought Easy Spirit shoes for years , so I knew the quality of this product . I was not disappointed . Shoes arrived in reasonable time , in perfect condition . Color and size as requested . Only wish I could get some other colors at this GREAT rate !
 It 's been a long time since I 've owned a pair of really great court shoes . They have just enough support in the ankle without being stiff . They are also super light weight and comfortable . I also use these for weight training and Bosu . The best guard in the NBA has put his signature on the best basketball / fitness shoe out there !
 This is a great looking shoe . It is very comfortable and a great value . I would recomend this shoe to anybody .
 I 've been wanting a pair of the Red/White/Blue Billups since they first dropped in March . So when I found them on here for $ 26 I immediately bought them . I now have two pairs and am about to order a third after I finish writing this review . Great shoe as far as style , and they feel good on the basketball court also .
 The weight difference is pretty big between the TMAC team 3s and this shoe ... the Billups shoe is much lighter . Great shoe overall .
 Want to get this shoe for half price ? Well check out the team mac 3 's . No really , the shoes are identical besides the extra color schemes here . I have the team mac 3 's , great shoe , and ive compared them at the shoe store with the billups . Almost everything is the same besides some minor aesthetic differences in surface materials on the sides of the shoes .
 Got these shoes for my son as he is a big-time Piston fan . He loves the look of the shoes and says they are comfortable too . I like the price .
 i like this website how i can buy shoes and clothings ???
 I really like these shoes ! I just bought them at a local retail store and was looking on here to see if I could find them cheaper . I 've always loved Asics running shoes because they are so comfortable on my feet . But the main problem with my old Asics is they 're dorky looking for casual wear . These new casual style of Asics fit my feet like my old shoes and actually look great too ! They are very lightweight and almost feel like I 'm not even wearing shoes . Unlike running shoes , these are very thin and offer very little little support . Lots of shoes make my feet look big , but these make my feet look sleek . Workmanship appears good but I do n't think they will last as long as other shoes because they are so thin . Normally I would n't pay $ 70 for casual shoes but I did this time because these are so comfortable and good-looking . If you like Asics running shoes but want something better looking , I highly recommend these shoes!Update 10-2009Well I 've had these shoes over 5 years now and they are still in good shape . Granted I do n't wear them on a daily basis any more but I was really surprised how well they held up given how thin they are . Hope I can find another pair once these finally do break down ...
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 Converse Chuck Taylor All Stars are not just a fashion statement . Back in the day , they were my choice of athletic footwear -- following in my father 's footsteps -- while starting center on the high school basketball team . For a 6 ' 2 '' white guy with a moderate vertical leaping ability , I did n't have to worry about losing any spring in my step , and I always led stats in rebounds and blocked shots against players wearing the then-ubiquitous Adidas , Puma and Converse `` Dr. J '' hi-tops . In all fairness , and as a disclaimer , 80 % of the opposing team members were white guys , too.Still , though I have absolutely no vertical leap left -LRB- hey . I graduated 24 years ago -RRB- , I still wear these shoes , just because . Like one reviewer pointed out , they 're a great conversation starter . Plus , they 're as comfy as a second pair of feet.At the turn of the 20th to the 21st century , it appeared that there 'd be NO Chucks left at all
 Converse Chuck Taylor All Stars are not just a fashion statement . Back in the day , they were my choice of athletic footwear -- following in my father 's footsteps -- while starting center on the high school basketball team . For a 6 ' 2 '' white guy with a moderate vertical leaping ability , I did n't have to worry about losing any spring in my step , and I always led stats in rebounds and blocked shots against players wearing the then-ubiquitous Adidas , Puma and Converse `` Dr. J '' hi-tops . In all fairness , and as a disclaimer , 80 % of the opposing team members were white guys , too.Still , though I have absolutely no vertical leap left -LRB- hey . I graduated 24 years ago -RRB- , I still wear these shoes , just because . Like one reviewer pointed out , they 're a great conversation starter . Plus , they 're as comfy as a second pair of feet.At the turn of the 20th to the 21st century , it appeared that there 'd be NO Chucks left at all
 These are very comfortable athletic shoes for both walking and running . Well made and very good quality . Fast shipping as well . I 'm very happy with this putchase .
 These shoes are light weight and very comfortable . Great for running and aerobic classes ! Love the pink color too ... get lots of compliments !
 This show is not only cute and wonderful color , but so very comfortable . Almost like wearing slippers . True to size and width .
 They arrived quickly and as expected . I ended up returning them due to purchasing two pairs by accident . No hassles and great customer service .
 The pink is gorgeous . The fit is roomy -LRB- Ihave a c foot -RRB- . Cushy , yet supportive-perfect blend . Oh , true to size and 50 bucks !
 This is the second pair of Carolina boots I have purchased in succession . I do not remember the model of last years pair but I paid about $ 30 more . I work in a metal fabrication shop and am pretty hard on boots . I expect and depend a pair of boots to last a full year as our company does provide a limited boot allowance . The sole on these boots wore as well as any pair I have owned . I have owned Caterpillar and Wolverine in the past . This pair -LRB- 8510 -RRB- took a few days to break in so I had to alternate with an old pair but once broken in I was very satisfied with the comfort . Eventually I put in some neoprene inserts to help with cushioning . I walk briskly and put on many miles in our large shop and I was happy with how the support held up . The only problem I had was the leather around the steel toe came apart earlier than last years pair and toward the end of the year I was concerned the toe would actually fall out . Keep in mine that working with steel and sheet metal is brutal on foot wear . I decided to move up a bit this year and just purchased the 1809 model and though early they broke in much easier . I intend to buy some Toe Guard or Gorilla Toe Guard to protect the toe . If it was n't for the toe leather falling apart I would have given it five stars
 These Boots are it ! I bought a pair -LRB- Non-steel toe -RRB- about 10 years ago for working around my hobby farm . I loved them , but when I tried to get another pair a couple years ago , I found out they were out of production . Tried several other brands/styles since then with poor results - I work on concrete floors all day now and need something that feels like a walking shoe , but can handle oil spills and such . So , a few months ago while about to buy yet another brand , I looked for these Carolina 's again , and much to my surprise , I found there are back !! I immediately bought a pair to see if they were the same . Not quite , but still better than any others I 've tried.PRO : Glove leather-ish soft.Very comfortable sole that is flexible , not stiff as steel , VERY MINIMAL break in period.Very sturdy lace hooks -LRB- better than my first pair -RRB- . CON : None yet .
 These are an excellent quality and comfortable work boot . I spend 9-12 hours a day wearing these and have never found them uncomfortable . They are by far the most comfortable work boot Ive worn .
 I wore out my Bass driving mocs and was looking for a replacement when I found these . They 're comfortable , attractive , and fit great . As an added bonus , I found out upon receipt of the shoes while reading the enclosures that they are WASHABLE leather -LRB- that 's right -- machine washable -RRB- . Though I wo n't be attempting that any time soon , it 's a nice feature . Great shoe for the price .
 Sharp set of shoes . Comfortable , too , and they fit well.But I believe they were shipped on Cinderella 's Coach - while the mice were still mice . It took FOREVER to arrive , so be warned .
 I wear these shoes every day of the week when I travel , and they are great . The support and form of the shoes make them ideal if you have weak arches or suffer from diabetes .
 My husband has worn this shoe for years because they keep the shine and wear like iron . He has hadonly one pair that was not a perfect fit , and a shoe stretcher fixed that .
 These shoes look sharp and wear well after an initial break in period . One warning , the sizing seems to be on the small size . And when you get the shoes out of the box they are very stiff , which is n't uncommon for some dress shoes , but these seem extraordinarily stiff . Add that to the small sizing and you may encounter a fit problem . My suggestion is to order the shoes about a half size larger than you typically wear .
 I got these for my husband for Christmas . The fit and color was perfect , quality is excellent . I would definitely buy these again !
 The shoe has a classy appearance and comfort to match . They keep their shine and they are easy to maintain .
 Easy slip on shoe , good for church and going out to dinner . Good with slacks and jeans . Do n't get rough in them though .
 Fit is fine -LRB- 11 D -RRB- . High instep will create issues in getting into the shoe initially . After a wearing or two they will loosen , so slipping them on will become easier . Classic design .
 Product is EXACTLY what I wanted and expected . I have purchased the same shoe several times and using Amazon is the only way to go .
 Purchased a pair of Bostonian 's after many years of lower cost brands . Have to say the finish , the craftmanship , depth of color is what I would expect from them . Whatelse needs to be said !!!
 Bostonians ' produce comfortable good looking shoes for a professional environment . They are my favorite shoes to wear . I purchase them regularly .
 Bought a black and burgundy pair . The black pair had a faulty tassel attachment . Shoe Station emailed me a pre-paid return label , sent them back and got a new pair within a few days . Great shoes , great service !
 I love these shoes - have had a burgundy pair for about five years and they are still in great shape . Added the black pair . Good quality leather and sole and very comfortable .
 These shoes normally retail for $ 120 plus , I purchased two pairs for $ 160 with free shipping . You ca n't beat that for value . These shoes consistently wear well , these are my 6th and 7th pairs . You can definitely have them resoled once , sometimes twice .
 I am japanese , I ca n't buy cool shoes in Japan . Amazon is usuful for me . First I met these , 18 years ago in N.Y . Bostonian is my favorite shoes .
 As most already know , I dress in mens business professional attire for work almost every day . I tried Bostonian once before and had a less than great experience with durability -LRB- one heel actually came off for no apparent reason but that was YEARS ago -RRB- I inspected these shoes carefully upon arrival and found to my pleasure that the shoes seem to be very nice and have a high quality look and feel to them . Best of all , when I slipped them on they were fairly comfy right off the bat . I ordered an 11 D even though I size at 10.5 D. Wear a nice high quality dress sock and you should be fine ... wear the cheapo no padding version and you may be a bit loose if you order half sizes above your exact fit . The proof will be in the pudding of course , but so far , so good !
 I order shoes online next to never , but having owned a pair of these shoes in black -LRB- same size and style -RRB- my expectations were good.I think everyone wants that `` Cinderella '' fit in a shoe , but in reality few are like that . Every brand of shoe is cut a little differently , and thus the real question is whether or not it gives in a way that does n't cause discomfort . In my case , this shoe felt fine the first time I wore it which was for about 3 hours in church.I like it . The shine of the leather and the wingtip imprint make it a standout . The sole feels lighter than some of the classic dress shoes used to be , but in my book this is a good thing as it invites better shock absorbtion when you walk . Also noticeable is that the leather forms creases easier than older shoes used to , but some buyers will see them as character marks , while others view it as a shortcoming.All in all , I will probably invest in another pair -LRB- brown -RRB- when they become available in my size -LRB- 11-1/2 W -RRB- .
 These are same shoes Men 's Warehouse sells for $ 100 . They fit very well and are very comfortable . I definitely would buy again .
 What a pleasure it is to purchase such a quality , comfortable , shoe . This style is such a great looking shoe , and the price can not be beat .
 My first thought when I saw this deal was , `` I can deal with anything for $ 30 . '' , but these shoes are extremely comfortable . I routinely slip my shoes off during the day and immediately after crossing the threshold upon returning home . I am able to keep these on all day and throughout the evening . I have to remind myself to take them off to let my feet breath .
 The Leather used in the main part of the shoe were thin and so after about 6 months wearing they cracked and split on the outside of the right foot down from the little toe . Check the consistency and quality of the leather when you get them . Other than that these are outstanding shoes . I have worn this style by Bostonian for many years .
 My husband is very pleased with his shoes . He told me he can tell they are high quality shoes because the leather is good and they have great arch support . I looked in all the local stores and a lot on line . These were the most economical product I found for the quality . Amazon.com has proved once again to be a good source for shopping .
 Purchased these shoes and am very familiar with Bostonian and the Evanston . Shoes are comfortable from the very onset of placing them onyour feet . Came within a few days and am very happy and satisfied .
 These are high quality shoes . Very classy and sharp in appearance . Comfortable . Good price . What more could you ask for ?
 I usually wear size 13 , but I 'm not sure about which size I should buy , 13N ,13 W or13M
 The shoes were for my grandson , he likes them . no problems so far .
 My son has some motor difficulties , so the velcro closure is a big help . He has no problems with getting these shoes on and off by himself and he has never complained of discomfort from them . After three months of daily wear , they still look good and have several months of wear left in them . I 'm very please with this item 's performance .
 This is a great looking shoe . However you can probably order a 1/2 size smaller than you normally would because they run big , true to all sketchers . My son was running into school and his foot slipped completely out of them . I always order a half size bigger for my little one and now his shoes are a full size larger .
 I really like these shoes ! I just bought them at a local retail store and was looking on here to see if I could find them cheaper . I 've always loved Asics running shoes because they are so comfortable on my feet . But the main problem with my old Asics is they 're dorky looking for casual wear . These new casual style of Asics fit my feet like my old shoes and actually look great too ! They are very lightweight and almost feel like I 'm not even wearing shoes . Unlike running shoes , these are very thin and offer very little little support . Lots of shoes make my feet look big , but these make my feet look sleek . Workmanship appears good but I do n't think they will last as long as other shoes because they are so thin . Normally I would n't pay $ 70 for casual shoes but I did this time because these are so comfortable and good-looking . If you like Asics running shoes but want something better looking , I highly recommend these shoes!Update 10-2009Well I 've had these shoes over 5 years now and they are still in good shape . Granted I do n't wear them on a daily basis any more but I was really surprised how well they held up given how thin they are . Hope I can find another pair once these finally do break down ...
 Converse Chuck Taylor All Stars are not just a fashion statement . Back in the day , they were my choice of athletic footwear -- following in my father 's footsteps -- while starting center on the high school basketball team . For a 6 ' 2 '' white guy with a moderate vertical leaping ability , I did n't have to worry about losing any spring in my step , and I always led stats in rebounds and blocked shots against players wearing the then-ubiquitous Adidas , Puma and Converse `` Dr. J '' hi-tops . In all fairness , and as a disclaimer , 80 % of the opposing team members were white guys , too.Still , though I have absolutely no vertical leap left -LRB- hey . I graduated 24 years ago -RRB- , I still wear these shoes , just because . Like one reviewer pointed out , they 're a great conversation starter . Plus , they 're as comfy as a second pair of feet.At the turn of the 20th to the 21st century , it appeared that there 'd be NO Chucks left at all
 quality of the boot are excellent , very comfortable , leather is very soft . However , shoes come in very narrow , I usually wear 6.5 M , I ordered 6.5 W , the width in W is the same as M in Nine West or other name brands .
 I really like these shoes ! I just bought them at a local retail store and was looking on here to see if I could find them cheaper . I 've always loved Asics running shoes because they are so comfortable on my feet . But the main problem with my old Asics is they 're dorky looking for casual wear . These new casual style of Asics fit my feet like my old shoes and actually look great too ! They are very lightweight and almost feel like I 'm not even wearing shoes . Unlike running shoes , these are very thin and offer very little little support . Lots of shoes make my feet look big , but these make my feet look sleek . Workmanship appears good but I do n't think they will last as long as other shoes because they are so thin . Normally I would n't pay $ 70 for casual shoes but I did this time because these are so comfortable and good-looking . If you like Asics running shoes but want something better looking , I highly recommend these shoes!Update 10-2009Well I 've had these shoes over 5 years now and they are still in good shape . Granted I do n't wear them on a daily basis any more but I was really surprised how well they held up given how thin they are . Hope I can find another pair once these finally do break down ...
 Purchased these work shoes for a friend who is on his feet all day delivering oil in all kinds of weather . It is the only shoe he has liked and he finds them comfortable and durable considering the work he does . This is a good shoe .
 Love these shoes ! They feel great and fit well - 8W . Perfect for professional events or evenings out . My new favorite dress shoe brand !
 i like this website how i can buy shoes and clothings ???
 Converse Chuck Taylor All Stars are not just a fashion statement . Back in the day , they were my choice of athletic footwear -- following in my father 's footsteps -- while starting center on the high school basketball team . For a 6 ' 2 '' white guy with a moderate vertical leaping ability , I did n't have to worry about losing any spring in my step , and I always led stats in rebounds and blocked shots against players wearing the then-ubiquitous Adidas , Puma and Converse `` Dr. J '' hi-tops . In all fairness , and as a disclaimer , 80 % of the opposing team members were white guys , too.Still , though I have absolutely no vertical leap left -LRB- hey . I graduated 24 years ago -RRB- , I still wear these shoes , just because . Like one reviewer pointed out , they 're a great conversation starter . Plus , they 're as comfy as a second pair of feet.At the turn of the 20th to the 21st century , it appeared that there 'd be NO Chucks left at all
 I bought these two years in a row for my 27 month old and they work great ! Easy to wear , and wash off when needed . I will be buying more next year for sure .
 The crocs provided stability to my son 's first steps , and he started walking now . He loves his crocs . This is a great product , highly recommended .
 These crocs are adorable ! My nephew loves them and wears them with joy everyday ! His mother loves them because they 're so easy -- just slip them on and you 're off ! The only problem I had was that UPS shipped the item to my hometown and then , for some reason , returned them home . I had to wait an extra week for the item .
 Love Crocs . Really happy with how durable they are . Arrived quicker than expected .
 LOVE THEM ! LOVE THEM ! LOVE THEM ! Great shoes . My 27 month loves them and wears them every day now that it 's summer time . He even likes to put them on/off by himself - as he is searching for his independence .
 Great kids shoe ... my 2 yr old will not wear any other shoes besides his crocs . The best part is they are so easy to clean ... I keep a little scrub brush that makes them look like new everytime ! Also , I was really surprised that they do not `` stink '' after a hot day playing outside ... wish I could say the same about my son 's feet ! Guess they really are antibacterial .
 Crocs are Crocs , not much to sat about them , but they are perfect for kids
 Yes , little Sebie , -LRB- short for Sebastian -RRB- absolutely loves his new Croc 's . Having just turned two , he certainly knows what he likes and does not like . He loves wearing Crocs . Nuf said .
 They are comfortable and quick to put on and off . The kids love them .
 We love them ! We ended up buying a pair for each of the kids -LRB- & ourselves too -RRB- !
 My little 20 month old grandson has a short wide foot , and the little Navy crocs fit him perfectly - plus he can put them on himself ! Thanks
 Love Crocs for my toddler . He 's been wearing the Cayman 's since he was able to walk and they are always our go to shoe . They run a little big , so we 've found that going a size smaller works .
 I first bought a pair of Crocs Cayman clogs for my then 16 month old daughter who had zero interest in walking . A daycare mom said her son of the same age felt more confident wearing Crocs clogs so I thought what the heck I might as well try . Well it worked , my daughter picked up walking with in a few days of getting her Crocs . She has now had three or four other pairs since and they are still her preferred shoes for daycare.The only thing I really do n't like about the Caymans is the sizing . I am happy that it looks like some of the clogs are getting converted over to single sizing .
 I bought the first pair for my son 3 years ago . Been buying Crocs for my kids since then . As soon we outgrow one pair , we 're off to the next one . They are by far not the perfect shoes . My main complaint is that they are quite slippery when walking on smooth wet surface . My son fell in them in the pools , the water parks , etc. . But ! He loves them to death ! That 's the only pair of shoes he 'd agree to wear as a toddler . Even now these are his default shoes . And I grew to like them , too . First of all , they are breathable ! Then , with a sock , they are warm enough to wear in the cold season . They are easy on and off -LRB- which is a big thing ! -RRB- . And they actually do look cute on little kids.I prefer the original crocs to all new updated version , simply because the newer models are not as breathable as these ones . I love the look of the new ones but would not trade the comfort for the look.I am a very picky shoe buyer , mostly choosing real leather shoes from known brands . I guess , with Crocs I made an exception a long time ago , and I 'm afraid I 'll stick to this for a while now :-RRB- .
 We 'll save these for next summer . The color is perfect for all the kiddo 's summer outfits , I just overestimated the shoe size .
 We bought these for my daughter after having had such success with them for my son . She had a bit of an adjustment period -LRB- one kept falling off -RRB- but now walks in them like a pro . They take her from playground to pool without having to stop and change her shoes . My son is on his second pair and they are the only shoes he will wear all summer .
 We 've had a yellow pair for at least a couple of years . It is tough enough to use on jagged rock on the beach , and yet comfortable enough to be the first choice of sandals that my son would like to wear . The yellow is good for boys or girls , and nicely eye-catching . People who find these shoes ugly should stay in their conservative caves.Once , the croc rivet broke and I emailed crocs.com - I had n't even bought them from the site , but they were nice enough to mail me a handful of rivets that went in very easily -LRB- my then 8 year old did the repair himself -RRB- and the shoes were good as new . They really are wear-resistant play shoes . The bright yellow helps me identify him from a distance even though it 's bold for some . I think my son will outgrow them before they wear out.Personally , I love the vivid colors . They are in a class by themselves and deserve to stand out . Money well spent , Get them nice and loose , as Crocs.com recommends in their sizing charts . Five or six stars at least . For those who care they are vegan . No animal products included in their manufacture . That 's a big plus for my son who asks about things like that all the time .
 My 3-year old loves these Crocs . They 're durable , comfortable , and convenient for playing outside . They 're so easy to clean , and hold up really nicely . They also make a polish brush if you want to keep them looking new . The sizes are generous , but a little roomy is better for a growing kid !
 Shoes came quick and as ordered ... Awesome my granddaughter loves them very sturdy and durable love that they cam get wet too !
 We got these for our daughter at the beginning of summer , and they 're the only shoes she 'll wear ! I do n't know what I 'd do without them . They 're easy to throw on , they actually stay on her feet , and they 're so easy to clean ! They are the best of all worlds . Her feet get a little dirty , but that 's what her bath is for . I 'm not sure what we 'll do when it 's too cold to wear these ; she will be devastated ! She just turned 2 and is Miss Independant already - she likes that she can put these on by herself . I would get 1 bigger size than you think you need . I got these thinking they 'd be huge -LRB- but they were the smallest size -RRB- , and they fit her perfectly . Definitely worth the money . My daughter will certainly be getting another pair when she out-grows these .
 My three year old son loves them . Very sturdy and easy for him to get on . A little pricey for a toddler shoe .
 I purchased this for my 17 month old . It is the perfect shoe for him - easy to take off and on , light , washable -LRB- with just a hose -RRB- and cute . He loves the soft soled shoes , but these are easy for him to wear also . And they are just so much easier to get off and on than tennis shoes or even the leather soft shoes . I highly recommend this for small children .
 My son has been wearing crocs practically since birth ! He loves them , an so do we ! They take a long time to wear out , they 're easy to slip on and off , and I feel they give decent support .
 I bought these for my 2 1/2 - yr old granddaughter , who has -LRB- since last year -RRB- learned to say Crocs . It could n't remember whether I 'd bought fuschia or pink lemonade last year , and in the picture , the two colors were all but indistinguishable . It turned out that fuschia was the real color I 'd wanted -LRB- to match my own -RRB- , but she loved them anyway.One of my concerns before buying them was that I found it easy to stub the toe of the shoe , and I did n't want that to happen to her . Not to worry ; kids do very well in them .
 Easy fit and my boy likes to try to put them on himself . I could n't find any water shoes for Daycare . These work well for sprinkler play and easy to wash when they are dirty . Crocs are perfect for kids . They would be better if they were made in the USA .
 I bought these crocs for my son who is 2 . They work great because he can put them on himself . Good quality and so easy to clean . We LOVE them . Great buy !
 Crocs must have been invented with kids in mind . As funny and awkward as they look on most adults , they are absolutely perfect for kids ! They are cheap , comfortable , and you can just hose them off when they get dirty ! A great three season shoe for kids to use in the park , at the pool , in the garden ...
 My toddler loves these ! He had a pair he outgrew and likes to wear ` shoes ' around the house . They look cute , fit well and he can get them on and off himself . The only thing I do n't like -LRB- which is true of all crocs -RRB- is they do n't breathe well . I 'll let them wear them inside as house shoes but wo n't allow them outdoors .
 Not much to say . They 're your typical , standard Crocs . I think Target sells the same ones for kids , but did n't carry the XXS/4 -5 size . We got these in about a week after ordering and they 're as described . They 're great for my 14 month old . Really easy to put and a lot easier for him to walk around in than sandals . He ca n't tell me , but I can only assume they 're as comfortable as the ones I wear . Say what you want about the look , they 're comfortable and easy ... ca n't beat it .
 These are my 14 month old 's first pair of Crocs , and he absolutely loves them ! I did find that they ran a little big , and although he is a size 5 , we got the size 4/5 for him and there is still plenty of room to grow into them.They are durable , easy to put on and great for puddle stomping ! Great purchase , and cheaper on Amazon as opposed to the Crocs stores or Outlets .
 This sandal is a good `` house shoe '' in winter , but is great for boys who need something that will stay put and yet come off fast when needed . Also is perfect for little ones who do n't know how to tie laces yet .
 I 've been buying Crocs for my son ever since he could walk . These I just purchased are great , original Crocs . We love them !
 We purchased these for our 2 year old to wear this past summer . Actually had a hard time finding these anywhere in the retail word and took a shot buying them here . It worked great . There was a good selection to choose from and for the hassle eliminated , the price seemed good too . He loved them .
 These shoes arrived quickly and just perfect . Just because they are brown , caused the price to be -LSB- ... -RSB- less than black , which does not bother my 6 year old nephew . He thinks they are great !
 These shoes are a staple for my daughter . As soon as she wears the soles down or out grows a pair we get a new one . But , the color I saw on the screen was much more muted than what we got , so if you are n't super particular about the color , or have bought the specific color before and know what you are in for , the online purchasing is perfect !
 We have so many pairs of crocs around this house , I 've lost track of the actual number . All I can say , is DO NOT BUY THE CHEAP KNOCKOFF BRANDS !!! Paying the croc price is totally worth it . They are comfy , the kids can put them on by themselves , and they totally save my back in my kitchen ... I have stone tile floors .
 I received my son 's crocs in the time period that was stated and they were just as I ordered .
 I bought these for my son , but I had to try them out . Even though they are ugly looking shoes , they are very comfortable . Cushy yet supportive soles and those little knobs actually feel good on my feet .
 I got crocs for my son over a year ago . A little more than I wanted to spend , but they have proven themselves worth the cost . I originally got a knock off pair . Those kept rubbing against his feet and giving him blisters . The same thing happened with my daughter . These shoes have never caused a problem . he wears them everywhere , beach , park , wherever . it does n't matter if they get wet . They come in a dual size so at first were a little big , but the straps kept them on his feet , and he could grow into them . I just bought my daughter her first pair , and another pair to grow into . Love them , love them , love them .
 I ordered two pair of Crocs for my two grand daughters . Crocs are Crocs -- but why were they sent in two shipments , charging me the minimum shipping charge twice ?
 I wasted so much time going from store to store to find that they did n't carry my son 's size or a color he would like . It was so easy to do on Amazon.comHe loves these shoes and wears them everyday !
 My daughter loves yellow , and loves wearing crocs to the pool . They are comfy for her !
 Crocs are so nice for wearing all summer ! They are so easy to clean . Only down side is how big they are . For a toddler that does n't pay attention to their shoes it 's hard to keep them on their feet -LRB- think grocery cart and dangling legs -RRB- . All in all great product though .
 My son loves his crocs ! They are great quality and I recommend them to anyone . I love them because they are comfortable for him , and he can put them on himself .
 great product especially for the beach , and to walk around the sand i really love theses sandles easy on easy off .
 This was a gift and she really liked the Crocs ! They were very comfortable and an unexpected gift . Keep the good deals coming .
 Could n't resist the low price . Got the &#34; Tomato &#34; color -LRB- orange -RRB- for my 2 yr old . Stands out from the other toddlers shoes at daycare so she 'll never misplace them ! I do n't wear Crocs however I get them for my daughter -LRB- she has other styles and colors -RRB- because it protects her little toes , especially when playing outside .
 My grandson loves crocs so much it is hard to get him to wear any other shoe . Great purchase . Thanks
 Since Crocs came on the market , I have worn out 2 black pair -LRB- classics , no others -RRB- . I 'm 64 , not a &#34; little kid , &#34; and it has become harder and harder to find my size in black - I feared having only my red or chartreuse ones left for &#34; everywhere &#34; wear ... . Original Crocs have spoiled me badly for anything else - I live in them ! . Somehow they are cool in summer , great for beach and miles of travel walking - even warm inside in winter . OK , not good in snow but with socks , they 're good up until then ! I even buy snow boots based on how they compare to Crocs
 It is an excellent product meets the specifications , with good price realacion value . The product was delivered on time and in excellent condition .
 It 's your basic Croc . You ca n't go wrong . The color is hard to determine , somewhere between orange and red . My 4 year old son loved them and that 's all that really matters .
 Got these at a good price and now I love crocs . They are comfy and and strong . They clean well and when he outgrew them I bought them again . too cool .
 The ony reason I did n't give 5 stars is because of the sizing , they run large go down at least 1 sz maybe 2 . Other reviewers are right pay attention to where the croc is made and maybe even try on a pair in the store if you can .
 My son loves them . Fast delivery and in perfect condition . T he color was great to match his Mario Brothers clip on 's . I would recomend this item to any one .
 Excelent producto is original and was on time , , , , , , I will buy more because everything was ok ... I really love crocs are confortable
 I noticed that crocs shoes do n't give my kids blisters on their feet.They seem to be a softer material than if you buy the cheapers ones at Target or Walmart.These crocs are great , an nice bright blue color , and really comfortable for my son.I will definitely purchase more in the future .
 I 'm personally not a fan of crocs on adults but when we received a pair as a gift for our daughter we were very happy with them . My 2 year old has weekly swim lessons and they have been great shoe for a toddler . Not only does it protect her feet from the grimy floors , but she can take them on and off herself & walks well in them -LRB- unlike flip flops -RRB- . Not to mention the Jibbits are fun . Minnie Mouse was easy to move from the original pair to this new pair we purchased here -LRB- watched youtube for advice on how to do it -RRB- . Sizes run rather large since it 's 2 sizes in 1 . But the ankle strap keeps them in place fine . I will be back for another pair when she 's on to the next size .
 My 3-year old is very sensitive to shoes and clothing . She hates sleeves and socks , etc. . If you have a kid like this , then you know what I mean . But she loves her Crocs ! As soon as she outgrows a pair , I order a new pair . Plus , they 're waterproof , sand-proof , kid-proof , washable , super easy to slip on and off and cute too . Got ta love 'em !
 This is my second pair of crocs for my son , he loves them . Got them in blue this time , great color and easy to wear .
 My daughter of 18mo wants to sleep in these :-RRB- Really good shoes and the sizes fit very well too .
 I really love the crocs cayman / classic clog we bought for our 1 year old . its an amazing product . its light , flexible and no slip . very important for an active little guy who 's still learning his way around and very curious . no regrets in buying it coz its worth every penny . we 're actually buying another pair but in a bigger size coz he 's feet are getting bigger fast . . i highly recommend it for parents who want a reliable footwear for their active toddler .
 This is second pair that I bought for my daughter and she absolutely loves them . Quality is great . They are soft and cant beat amazon price . I would definitely order more .
 I 'm just such a convert to these funny looking shoes . My two-year-old twins can take these on and off by themselves . They STAY on while they are running , climbing , etc. . If they get dirty , just run them under water , wipe dry and go . These have pretty much replaced sneakers in our house .
 Great shoes , comfortable and durable . My kids love the crocs!The size does run a little larger than I expected . My son usually wears kid size 13 andthe Crocs size 13 is a little too big for him . So I recommend maybe order a size down .
 My 1 1/2 year old daughter loves her Crocs ! She wears them all the time , and even wants to wear them inside the house . They fit well , seem comfortable , provide sure footing and are washable for when she spills juice on them . Highly recommended for children .
 My granddaughter wears them constantly . She can put them on by herself and she is not quite 2 . Our whole family loves crocs .
 Great product , my daughter loves them and she learned to put them on by herself , my only issue is that one of the buttons that holds the straps was continually breaking loose , had to use a strong glue to keep it together , other than that I 'm happy with the product and the shipping was very fast too .
 this is my daughter second pair of shoes , she is happy am happy , this are quality sandals and look nice with anything she wears
 This is our second pair of the exact same shoe because we lost one of the other pair . They 're wonderful . They stay on my 18 mo. son 's feet really well and are great to just rinse off if they get dirty . I had looked all over town and could not find any so this is a great resource . Thanks , Amazon !
 These are great all around shoes for toddlers and pre-schoolers . They are easy to put on and very easy to keep clean .
 I bought these for my 3 year old grandson before a trip to Hawaii . They are so easy for him to get on and off and great around the water .
 These shoes are so cute and the prettiest pink . I would almost call them a `` coral '' color . Crocs are my daughters favorite shoes . She is 2 and loves that she can put them on all by herself .
 It is just usual pair of crocs . some like them and some do not.my baby wears them when he goes swimming - they are not slippery at all .
 As an adult I would n't be caught dead in these things but for kids ? The consummate warm weather / beach shoe .
 This shoe is perfect for keeping at the backdoor , slip them on and it 's play time .
 Love them ! All of my kids have crocs ! they are the best house , garden , slippers , easy to put on shoes .
 Caymen Crocs excellent . Delivery good . Size I ordered incorrect . My fault . A pain to send them back . Gave them to a neighbor . Will try again because I hate shopping in the high street , and my daughter wears nothing but CROCS , she hates other shoes as much as I hate shopping . DOUBLE CHECK THE SIZES .
 I love these shoes because they are so quick to put on and easy to clean . My son enjoys wearing them , so they must be comfortable too . In addition , the navy ones I picked are n't some outlandish color , so they go well with many of his things . We 're extremely happy with them !
 My 19 month old loves them , he even wants to go to bed wearing themThese are the original ones not some cheap imitation
 These are great little shoes , but they run big ! My 22 month old wears a size 4 and these were huge on her ; instead of sending them back though we are just going to hold onto them for when her feet grow a bit . That being said , after we got these I went onto Zappos and got the infant size 2-3 and they fit perfect . She LOVES her crocs and it is really all she will wear .
 These are the absolute best shoes for a toddler . First off , the last for two shoe sizes so the kids are slow to outgrow them . Our pair easily lasted 4 months and was our most long lived shoe , my daughter can put them on and off herself . This is key for a toddler who says no to everything and wants to do everything herself . These function like shoes , but do n't require socks . So when you are in a hurry it is great to be able to slip these on her and get on to the next task . You can just hose them down to keep them clean . So she can be here toddler self and play in mud , sand , walk through paint , etc and you can just let her have fun . They never stink , they do n't cause blisters , they come in fun colors that appeal to a toddler . The best toddler shoe
 since my son started wearing shoes Crocs have been the brand for us . it is thanks to crocs that i got him to even wear shoes ! the color is vibrant and yes red is his favorite color . they fit perfectly and give him a better sense of independence -LRB- which it seems is very important for a kindergardener -RRB- as he can get them on and off on his own . now he needs to learn to tie his shoes ! thanks crocs !
 Bought for my 2 year old son who has very sweaty feet and make even antimicrobial expensive sandals -LRB- Tevas -RRB- smell so horrible -LRB- even with foot powder ! -RRB- . Wanted closed toe sandals , but breathable shoes that wo n't make his feet smell after use . These did the trick ! He seems comfortable in the shoes , runs around without tripping , dragging or falling off his thin feet , and have yet to make any red marks from rubbing or poor fit . They are also very light and flexible so his gait does n't have to adjust for heavy footwear . Love how they are a closed toe , breathable option as it protects his feet from toe stubbing or cuts -LRB- unlike flip flops -RRB- when he 's most active . Have also gotten them wet , and they dry up quickly unlike other sandals we 've tried . Love love love them
 Kids love Crocs , what more is there to say?They come in a ton of colors , are washable and lightweight , great for hot weather , and hold up well . My daughter somehow fit into the same size for two years . No scratches , stains , holes , tears.I know that the footbed supposedly molds to your foot . For this reason , I didnt think my younger daughter should wear these as hand-me-downs , but honestly , I dont see or feel it in the shoe at all . So whether you buy into that part of the Crocs design , that 's up to you.But for us , two kids are getting use out of an inexpensive shoe that basically looks new . Ca n't beat that .
 The Crocs were just as described . Brand new and in original box with tags still attached . Perfect for my little man !
 I purchased the crocs in lime green , size 1 for my son . His shoe size is definitely a size 1 , but the crocs are more like a size 2 or 3 . I think the 12-13 would have been a better fit . I wish I had known beforehand . But I 'm keeping them and my son loves them , so he 'll just grow into them I guess .
 I bought 2 pairs of these crocs for my twin boys and they love them !! They like to put them on and run around the house and they are so easy to clean , just wipe off with a damp cloth . The sizes do run big !!
 The crocs shoes are for comfort at any age , very light and durable , i recommned for kids and adults .
 I bought these for my god daughter for the summer and I bought a size bigger and they will be perfect for her to wear ... Also they arrived way before I expected them too !!! Super Happy !!!
 My toddler loves his crocs . I love that he can put them on himself . So grateful for these shoes . .
 My son loves them . Nice bright color . They seem to fit well . Easy on and off . He uses them mainly around the house .
 Justo lo q pedi , muy bien , llego en buen estado y en el tiempo que fue solicitado y en muy buen precio ,
 Super cute . I almost feel that the classic crocs are the best of them . Just be sure to get the right size and know they run BIG . They are a summer staple . Easy to get on and off . Can get wet , super easy to clean and withstand a ton of abuse . I will be buying the next size up for next spring / summer .
 SON BUENOS Y SUAVES . LA TALLA ES EXACTA . LLEGARON A BUEN TIEMPO SEG&Uacute;N EL DETERMINADO . LAS RECOMIENDO . EL PAQUETE LLEGO EN BUEN ESTADO
 The shoes were a fantastic price , they fit great , and arrived sooner than expected . Could n't have asked for any better service .
 Crocs are one of my all time favorite shoes for my kids . Main reason , is that they can put them on and off themselves ! Crocs are my kids first choice of shoe to wear . They do wear out quite fast . 6months , then I need to buy a new pair for them . Once Crocs are worn out , the grip on the bottom becomes flat , and my kids seem to trip easier .
 Es muy bonita ... nos gusto mucho ... es de muy buena calidad ... los colores son muy vivos ... es muy buen producto ...
 Love these shoes , very easy to slide off and on . My only complaint about the pair I ordered recently , size 6-7 , is that the right shoe keeps unsnapping where the exterior croc logo connects to the strap . My son is constantly almost losing this shoe because of this issue . I think it 's to late to return them or to ask for a pair that does n't have this issue as I ordered them a month ago but just started using them a week ago .
 Great Crocs , as always . I love how durable they are . My son wears them all year , outdoors in summer and as slippers in winter . The yellow is very bright , but looks awesome . My son wears size 9 shoes but does well with the 10/11 Crocs .
 They are excellent !! My 16 month old grandaughter loves her crocs and all the different colors ! I am always looking sales for crocs in the toddler sizes ! Keep them coming ! Thank you very much !
 These are great for my 18 month old . He has spent a lot of time out in the yard getting wet & dirting during the hot summer months - I love that they stay on & that they are easy to wash . He gets lots of great comments about the flashy yellow color . Good buy !
 These crocs are really comfortble than most other sandals and I love it very much , I will recommend these to my friends .
 Perfect shoe for light outdoor activity and also used for indoor daycare shoes . I love the brown for all around color and comfort and goes with many outfits .
 These are the best for toddlers who ca n't yet tie shoes -- easy to get on and off , sturdy , great for play .
 This is the perfect shoe for my two year old who needs to have protection on his feet but likes to gets into water , mud , sand and anything else he can find . I rinse them off and we go again . Easy and quick to put on and off . Very pratical . A good summer investment .
 Bought these for my son , and he adores them . He wears them all weekend long , and switches to them as soon as he gets home from school . Comfy , and easy to take off and put back on ...
 We ordered the `` carolina blue '' crocs for our son and used standard shipping . It said 5 to 9 business days , but we got them in 3 . This worked out much better than expected given our summer vacation schedule . The product is very easy to get on and off , which is critical for little kids . This wo n't be our last pair of crocs .
 My son loves these shoes . Perfect for summer , swim class and pool . They are really comfy . Ordering another pair .
 I would order again in a New York Minute ! The color is great , size is perfect , and my Granddaughter loves them .
 I bought a pair of these for my son . He loves them , and says they 're much more comfortable than his Sketcher Callies . I love than I can give them a good rinse in the sink and they 're like new again . They do seem to run a little large .
 Beautifull Shoes , the smile on my boy says everything . The item was received just on time , thanks a lot .
 Looked all over for this one.My young friend had worn his Crocs right down to the ground.Amazon is always a first and often the last stop for me in most of the hardest to find cases . This is such a hard size to get , even from the Crocs store!Thanks , Amazon !
 CROCS PRODUCTS ARE VERY COMFORTABLE ESPECIALLY FOR KIDS WHO LOVE RUNNING AROUND . ITS VERY LIGHT AND YOU CAN CHOOSE COLORS AND MAKE IT REALLY FANCY ...
 I admit it , I did n't know what a `` Croc '' was at first . My son kept saying he wanted some Crocs because all the children had them . I told him to show me what he was talking about . That same day , he happened to have his first swimming lessons at the pool . Nearly all the children were wearing Crocs , they were excellent and were n't slippery or uncomfortable for them once they got wet ! Very easy to put on , they slide right onto the feet with no problems . I was sold and we left the pool and headed straight to the shoe store . Wonderful product but good luck on finding them . They are in high demand.DJ Come of Age
 As a -LRB- former -RRB- Birkenstock regular , I can honestly say Crocs are the easiest way to protect your feet and still be able to venture around almost anywhere . Unlike Birkenstocks , the crocs hand all terrain without worrying about any leather or cork breakdown . Not quite as supportive as Birks , they still provide comfort during long walks . While I would n't rock climb in them , they 've been on my son 's feet in the mud and rocks around the house and he 's never had an issue . They clean up easily and I always buy them a little big as those darn feet grow too fast and they do feel a little smaller when they 've been in the sun on a hot day -LRB- 100 degrees + -RRB- . Ca n't go wrong with crocs and I think everyone should own a pair .
 These will be what my girls wear for years to come . They love them and every year the selection of charms and colors just gets cuter . They feel so good and they know that already . If comfort and style is what you are looking to buy . . I recommend CROCS .
 I was very skeptical about Crocs at first . Mostly , I thought they were hideously ugly . Then I heard how comfortable they are . I decided to try a pair , and the rest is history . They are literally the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn . I love how they mold to my feet . I like to wear them to work because my feet do n't get tired by the end of the day . Great shoes ... everyone should have a pair of these !
 Though these shoes do n't offer much support for growing feet , they are great as little slip-on shoes for gardening , going to the pool or karate .
 We love Crocs in the summer . If they get wet you do n't slip . They dry easy . You can scrub them . Feet do n't sweat in the and they are comfy !
 Great shoes for the little granddaughter when she was a little younger . Ca n't get enough pink . These shoes are well made , durable and fun to wear .
 Very good product , quality and finish . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
 These little docs look so cute on my daughter 's feet , she loves wearing them ! They are good , sturdy crocs and look great .
 I bought a navy colored classic clog . It was delivered at right time in as a good quality as I already know . Not a great packaging but reasonable price , overall I am very pleased to buy crocs in amazon.I am a fan of crocs as a mom of two little kids . Have used other crocs-styled shoes but they were either uncomfortable or heavy . If you are already a fan or want to try crocs , I think this is a good chance .
 Bought a pair of cheaper knock offs that gave my 21 month old daughter blisters in a very short time . These shoes are fantastic ! They fit perfectly -LRB- bought the 6/7 for her , she is a 6.5 in other shoes -RRB- . I will definately be purchasing more of them . The bright pink looks awesome -- better than in the pics .
 This is the second pair of Crocs my 21 mos old son has had this summer -LRB- his feet grow fast ! -RRB- . Love them bc/they are easy to put on an active toddler , are non-slip which is great when running around and easy to clean .
 These crocs are great shoes for my toddler . We bought some Keens , for swimming and playing on the beach , but they did n't dry quickly and were clunky . The crocs are super lightweight and get wet and then dry quickly . My 2 year old can sprint in them and put them on himself . Awesome find !
 I love the Crocs , they are so comfortable and fit perfect for my babies ... easy to clean and they can put them on themselves.This particular pair I bough came fast and exactly as shown in the picture , prices is good , you could find them in a mall store with similar price , but if you have no time or ca n't find the color you need , buy them online .
 We love Crocs as kids sandals , for at home , garden , quick trips etc. . Our 6 yol wears them , and he likes them a lot . A bit pricey , but they are comfortable -LRB- seem to be at least ot our son -RRB- , easy and quick to put on , looks good with almost any day-to-day outfit , and very durable . We just ordered his 3rd pair . He last about 1 year with a pair . His 2nd pair is almost worn out now.But check the sizing if you can . Ordering online is a bit tricky with regards to the sizing , since you ca n't try them on . I could not remember the current size of our son 's 2nd pair , nor could I check it because his current Crocs are too worn out . I figure it had to be 1.5 kid size , since that is his size with other shoes.But there 's no 1.5 for Crocs . Instead there 's sizing for Toddler , Little Kid , and Big Kid etc. . There 's size 1 and 2 M for Little Kid . No 1.5 . Concerned that 1 could be small or just too exact -LRB- he would grow out of them too fast -RRB- I decided to order the 2M for Little Kid . It does n't have to be an exact fit . He 's always start wearing them a bit bigger , and he 'll grow in them . That always worked fine . But on arrival I noticed that the 2M is quite big . Much bigger then expected . Now I 'm considering ordering the 1M for Little Kid , and save the 2M for over a year.The sizing info that you can click on , was not much help for me . If I get a chance I will measure the 2M in inches and post it here . Perhaps that might be of help to some .
 I got these for my daughter to easily slip on for swim lessons and when we were going in the back yard to play . She is 20 months and can get them on herself which is a big bonus . We got the pink ones and she never wants to take them off . They also dry very quickly if you have a child like mine who likes to jump in her pool with them on .
 I have to say that I do n't like crocs on adults . They are comfortable , sure ... but there are other shoes that are as comfortable and not so ... absurd looking.But I did buy a black pair for my 2 year old daughter . She looks totally cute in them and she LOVES them . Unfortunately they are a bit large around the toe box and she tripped over her feet while wearing them . So now we have relegated them to bedtime shoes -LRB- meaning she can wear them to go to bed at night only , concessions , concessions -RRB- . I think when she 's a bit bigger and her foot fits inside them a little better , she will be able to wear them out and about . But right now the size 6/7 is too big for her 5.5 narrow feet and cause injury .
 Crocs are really a classic shoe . We bought this pair for our daughter , as she has outgrown her last few pair . We wear them to the pool , when we just need to run outside for a minute , when we take our dog outside ... and I do n't know if this is recommended or not , but frozen crocs feel wonderful on sore feet !
 I bought a pair of crocs for my 18 month old daughter . The original purpose is to have a pair of shoes for playing with water in the back yard . Now it is her every day shoes . Her shoe size is 5 and I ordered crocs size 4/5 for her and the fit is perfect .
 My 19 month old daughter loves them and so do I . They are very easy to wash and sure seem comfy for my daughter . The only downside is that when it 's really hot , the shoe does not let enough air go through . Her feet would sweat a lot in these shoes unlike other shoes she has from different companies . I also know that I am not the first to see that happen because many of my other friends with kids had the same problem . To avoid this we would have to put on light socks . Overall I am satisfied with the shoes . From all the shoes in my daughter 's closet she always picks these to wear .
 What can I say about crocs that is no already there . My kids love them I love them . Quick and easy to wear . I do n't know why is the crocs company going out of business ?? . These shoes are fenomenal for kids .
 I got these in orange for my granddaughter , and she 's much easier to find !! They are so great and run wide so good for kids with a wider foot , as well as easy to slip into and comfy . .
 Bought the fuchia -LRB- bright pink -RRB- for our 3 year-old daughter 's first pair of crocs . She loves them . They are easy to put on and she has no trouble keeping them on -LRB- I did wonder about that -RRB- . They are very light and seem hard-wearing so far . A good price from Amazon and shipping was fast , as usual , with Prime membership .
 These crocs ar so perfect for ny 2 1/2 year old . They are easy on , easy off . The shipping time on this item was awesome !
 The wrong item was shipped . Ordered a 1M child 's size and received baby-sized shoes -LRB- some bizarre number not anywhere near what we had ordered -RRB- . Return was easy .
 I was having trouble finding the Croc brand in stores - only to find out they are now becoming more limited where they are sold . I have tried the `` knock offs '' - they are not nearly as comfortable or as durable . A true `` you get what you pay for '' example ! I got these for my son - who lives in them all summer . I had a great experience - plenty of styles and colors , some on sale even ! It was easy - I got what I wanted and the were delivered very quickly ! Highly recommend !! Thank you !
 We love Crocs.They are comfortable and so easy for the kids to just slip on . The strap in the back helps them to stay on . They also float in the lake .
 My son loves his pair of crocs . That 's really something as he does n't like wearing shoes most of the time . He wears this with or without socks . At home and outside the house . It looks comfortable and he enjoys wearing it . We got the 8-9 size . He 's currently an 8.5 wide . He has a high arch too .
 My two year old loves these . She is in a size 6 and I ordered her the 6-7 's and they are perfect . She can also wear them with socks . Considering she hates closed toe shoes , these ones passed the test !
 Highly recommend this product . I have been buying crocs for my children for the past three years and crocs have always delivered high quality items . Could n't be happier especially with the sea blue color .
 Crocs shoes are my kids favorite shoes . He is 1.5 years old and he loves them that he wants to wear them even when he needs dress shoes . They are easy to put on and off . They clean very easily . They look better after 3 months of wear and tear than regular shoes . As his foot grows he can still wear them rather than having to purchase another pair . They do n't make his feet stinky compared to some other sandal/clog that I previously purchased .
 My Grandson was so happy to get these shoes thank you.The product was just as described . We are very plesed with the purchase .
 Comfortable as every pair of crocs I 've wore . A classic and user friendly pair of clogs , even in hot weather .
 We love our crocs ! This is our 5th pair and we give them as gifts too : -RRB- They are great for little feet too .
 Our 2 year old wears these all the time and they are great . There are no complaints -LRB- from him or me -RRB- about putting them on -LRB- like with lace up shoes -RRB- , and they are so easy to just hose off when they get dirty . Love them .
 I 've been waiting to get yellow Crocs for a while for my daughter , whose favorite color is , you guessed correctly ! yellow . But these shoes were always priced around $ 40 , too much in my opinion . Finally I spotted them at Amazon , and I have one happy kid wearing bright yellow shoes !
 We spend a little bit of extra money to buy crocs for our kids because the cheap knock offs gave them blisters . The six year old and the two year old both like wearing them .
 Thank you , my nephew loves them ... What else could I ask for ? I received them on time , the color is perfect , and crocs material is the best for kids . I recommend them . Absolutely . Thank you again .
 I bought this in purple for my daughter as everyday shoes for her daycare where open toe shoes are not allowed . They are great shoes . This is the second pair of Crocs she owns . We bought the first pair in Nordstrom . This one is true to the color and true to the size . She is a size 9 right now , but 8-9 is too small already . Since it is recommended to allow the Crocs to be about 1/2 inch bigger , I got the 10-11 . They are a little big but she is fine wearing them and run in them just fine . It is easy to put on and easy to clean . It can be used at beach , park , mall , just about anywhere . The price is great on Amazon too .
 The crocs were for my 2T niece and she just love them . They came on their original packaging very well protected while delivered.I 'll buy again from the soon !
 My son LOVES his crocs . I just hate when he loses track of them because it is an ordeal to find them when we are trying to leave the house . He goes EVERYWHERE with them . They are breathable , durable , easy to clean and come in every color he would want . ONLY drawback ... jibbitz . They are TOUGH to remove from an old pair and hard to ` snap ' in a new pair . But them that is because they ca n't shake loose or fall out easily .
 My daugther loves the shoes . Easy for her to put on and take off herself . The color of the shoes are as described . A Classic red . A little too big but would recommend others in buying a size smaller than their average toddler shoes .
 I strongly believe every child should have a pair of these . I buy them as gifts for everyone I know . And they last forever so what can be better . crocs are suoer durable and clean . I use a mr clean white pad and wipe them clean . Then its like new all over again !
 Product arrived on time as described . Love the color . Love the price . Crocs are great wearing shoes for my boys and so easy in summer when you need closed toe shoes .
 They look adorable on my toddler . The sizing can be tricky , they run 4/5 , 6/7 , and so on . They 're easy to put on and comfy too ! My son likes the bright color of his crocs , we got the royal blue .
 Unfortunately my 3 year old is obsessed with wearing her crocs . As we come into a cold Tasmanian winter I have to negotiate every morning with her to wear her runners or boots . Must admit I love them as she can get them on and off so easily and they are comfortable for her slightly wide foot . Great price even with shipping to Australia . Probably would n't buy this colour again though as its not a particularly nice red .
 I bought these for my son for our Florida trip . Excellent shipping , wonderful quality that I 've come to expect from Crocs . Sizes seem to tend a little bit larger than normal , but that 's due to the shoe design
 Could not find many choices these days at stores , I guess they are out of fashion . Bought them from this site . Very reasonable price , lots of choices and fast shipping .
 Great selection + fast shipping = # 1 sellerI would recommend these sandals and seller anytime !
 The product was great , just as expected but had a little difficulty with very slow shipping and needing them to resend the order then send back the original pair when it finally arrived . Glad I could find them on Amazon though because they are n't easy to find in New England this time of year and my son just had to have another pair when he grew out of his other ones .
 Everithing in fine in this shop.Thanks a lot for you help keep working youy guys arer making a very good job.LR
 I bought these for my 13 month old son just before a trip to the beach and we would n't have had much fun without them . He could get them as sandy as imaginable and we would just rinse them off in the sink at the hotel . Beautiful!I thought he might have a hard time walking in them , but he learned pretty quickly and now he wears them almost everywhere . He can almost get them on himself!These shoes are a must for any busy toddler !
 THE SHOES ARE CUTE . MY DAUGHTER LOVED THE COLOR . IT ARRIVED BY THE DELIVERY DATE .
 My son loves these crocs ! He wears them all the time and they are easy on and off , In fact he have gotten over 5 months of use so far and they have made it from Spring to Fall ... and still look great . The bright green color is cute on a little boy , and I highly recommend these shoes !
 My whole family loves Crocs for playing outside . My two year old wo n't wear anything else . This was a great product especially for kids with wide width feet .
 My son wore these all summer . They 're easy to put on . He 's 3 and did not need any help . They 're comfortable and durable . Considering he 's worn them everyday , they 're still in good shape . At the playground , he could get wet in the sprinklers and continue playing without needing to change shoes . Will buy him another pair for next summer too !
 I ordered these shoes for my son when he outgrew the last pair of Crocs . He prefers these shoes over his others , though we insist that he wear sneakers for the support when he will be walking or running around a lot . For everyday wear , these are nice and cool and easy on his feet -LRB- we tried another pair of sandals and they gave him a HUGE blister . -RRB- I am just as satisfied with these as I have been with the -LRB- 2 -RRB- other pairs my son has had .
 Great shoe - my daughter has lived in them all summer . Price is a little steep for a kid 's shoe that will be outgrown by next season .
 Our toddler loves his crocs . He chooses them from his other shoes almost every time . I 've heard there are some safety concerns with crocs , but he has never had any difficulty with them getting twisted or caught .
 Great shoes ... I bought them for my 2 year old son . Even though they 're big right now , they stay on great . I love the material , it 's light weight and durable . I 'm thinking of getting him another pair .
 The crocs are great overall , but are a brighter red color than I had hoped they would be -LRB- they were replacing a worn out pair that my son had and I was hoping for the same color as his old ones -- which were also called `` red '' -- but the color on the pair we received was not the same -RRB- .
 Love this product ! Confortable , waterproof and cute ! The only negative is that the black button that hold the straps came off . Hope they have replacements !
 My niece loved these so much , it 's a fight to get her to take them off . She wants to wear them to bed !
 The shoes were for my nephew , it fits perfectly , is comfortable and nice to wear during hot days .
 My daughter 's favorite color is orange and these orange Crocs SCREAM orange . There is no doubt . She loves them ! They are colorful , comfortable , well made . Just a great useful shoe for a great kid . Try 'em ! Pick your color !!!
 I am so pleased with these shoes . They keep my daughters toes covered and protected but cool at the same time . Also they are so easy to put on , and this is especially helpful since she always takes her shoes off in the car .
 First , let me offer the following personal research before I rave about the cros cayman/classic . In my opinion Amazon.com is the best place to shop and to read reviews prior to purchasing , particularly when looking for the ` cons ' in a particular product . I have found that my negative feedback about a particular style croc did not get published on the croc website , and I think that is grossly unfair to the consumer . That implies to me that they are more interested in selling their product than listening to consumer complaints and thus modifying or correcting/improving their product . What you may or may not know is that crocs are manufactured in several different countries including Italy , Mexico , Canada , and here in the US , and that sizes and material used between styles vary greatly.I have done a great deal of research about children 's footwear , and unanimously pediatricians say `` barefoot is best '' because the bones in children 's feet are soft and growing until they are 13 , if I remember correctly . However , footwear is necessary to protect feet from the elements or from injury . When shopping for crocs or any other shoe for our granddaughter , the very first thing I do is to pick up the shoe and try to flex the sole . If it is ` stiff as a board ' it will impact the way your child walks . I have personally tested this with our granddaughter , and this is what I found
 crocs Cayman SandalI bought these crocs for my two year old granddaughter - she absolutely loves them ! She is able to put them on herself and loves the shoe snap on decorations I also bought for the crocs . We spend alot of time at the lake ; these shoes are perfect for going in and out of the water . They are easily cleaned with soapy water , too.Great shoes for a little one !!
 I purchased the crocs toddler cayman sandal in fuchsia , 4-5 US for my daughter last month . I am pleased with the purchase . The shoes fit well and match all of her outfits . She is 17 months old and loves to take them off and put them back on all by herself !!!! Because they are antimicrobial her feet do not stink after a long day of playing outside like other sandals did . We recently took them on vacation to Florida for a week and they could have been the only shoe I packed for all she cared ! We personalized them with croc jewels also to make them more fun ! I recomend them to any parent !
 I bought these for my granddaughter , and she absolutely loves them . She wears them every day . They feel good on her feet , and have never left blisters on her feet .
 I ordered these crocs cayman shoes in light blue as a birthday gift for my 2 year old nephew . They are lightweight -LRB- literally , light as a feather ! -RRB- and form perfectly to his little feet . He loves them ... he can even put them on himself . They are adorable on kids , and I love the light blue color . I definitely recommend these for toddlers .
 We purchased the Toddler/Little Kid Cayman as a replacement for my son 's first pair , which he wore EVERY day for TWO years , winter and summer until his toes were beginning to poke holes out the front . The shoes are durable and versatile . They do n't stink , can trek through puddles , and actually come off the playground without a load of sand -LRB- somehow the sand slips out and does n't get trapped -RRB- . They are also easy for a 3-year-old to put on all by himself . The only problem I 've had with Crocs is that the tread is shallow and wears off over time , giving the shoes less traction than a sneaker .
 These are really great shoes . My daughter loves them . The shipping is fast . I wish there were more colors available . Especially pink . But everywhere I go pink seems to always be sold out . If ordered through our store in town it takes a couple of weeks . I do n't think the imitation crocs are as good as these the original crocs . It is worth the money to buy the originals .
 The Crocs were shipped immediately . The price + shipping was less than the price only at the Croc website . Saved me money . Very satisfied .
 So easy for kids to slip these on and go ! Especially living by the beach where it 's warm or HOT most of the year ! PERFECT !! My only complaint is that they do n't come in 11/12 .
 I love using cros for my daugher and she loves them too ! We bought her the infant 2/3 for last spring and summer and now we moved up a size to the 4/5 ... . they are definitely a tad big but she 's slowly growing into them . They are perfect for any season , in the fall and winter we just add socks and it works ! now we add jibbitz to them -LRB- currently little mermaid and dora -RRB- and it makes it fun for her . The best part , for me , is that they are so easy to put on and take off so when we are in a hurry to get our the door she can slip them on quickly and we 're on our way .
 This is the 3rd pair I 've ordered for my 2 1/2 yr . old grandson . He has wide feet - hard to find shoes that fit - and these fit great . He loves them and went through 2 pairs last summer . I ordered a different color for his 1 yr . brother -LRB- who has wide feet too -RRB- and hope he 'll like them as well . Easy to get on & off , and to clean .
 These crocs are perfect for my 17 month grand-daughter who wears them with me whenever we go out into the garden to play/work . The strap is secure so her foot does n't slip out .
 These Crocs were just as described , in perfect new condition and arrived in a timely manner . They are made well and fit great ! We love Crocs because our independent two year old and put them on all by herself , they are comfortable , offer healthy support to growing feet , last through more than one child , and are easy to clean !
 Hands down a great product ! It 's comfy and sturdy , and my daughter loves it . Just wish she did n't outgrow this so fast ...
 Purchased through Amazon , like them for our 21 month old a lot . She 's a 4.5 really , and they fit well with/out socks . Bought em for a winter cruise for warm weather and we 'll see how they do on a boat . Had em for a week now .
 My 6 yead old loves them . They are comfotable , these are the 4th pair I have bought . Glad I decided to !
 My 2 year old LOVES crocs . I wanted to get her a color that matches with lots of her outfits and surprisingly , the electric blue -LRB- aka aqua -RRB- color is perfect . It matches with way more stuff than I 'd expected , especially with a closet full of varying shades of pink and denim . The classic croc also fits best , IMO . Other styles tend to run too large .
 SON MUY COMODOS , LIVIANOS , CONFORTABLES Y EL COLOR ES HERMOSO , MI HIJO LOS AMA , SON SUS ZAPATOS FAVORITOS , MUY BUEN PRECIO .
 Comfy , easy to wear , easy to clean , easy for a little one to get on and off by themselves . Crocs make great shoes for indoor or outdoor wear . We will continue buying these as their feet grow
 I got these Crocs for my daughter who is 4 years old . She loves them , I love them , and her teachers love them . I received them in a timely manner , they were extremely reasonably priced , and we are overall satisfied with the purchase .
 Just the basic croc , which are always good for summer -LRB- no stinky feet -RRB- and for swimming lessons . I 've never purchased knock-off crocs , so I 'm not sure how they compare , but for around $ 20 these offer good value and will survive for little sister to wear .
 My 4 year old son asked for these by name . Even told me what color to get ! He outgrew a pair that he wore until he busted out the toes , and then cried when I told him we would have to trash them ! These crocs are durable and sooooo comfy . He wo n't wear anything else ... to school , to church , to playdates , etc. .
 After buying ` fake ' crocs ' is so nice to have the real thing . They are better made , fit better and worth paying for .
 We had an issue with the Crocs I ordered for my son . They were WONDERFUL to deal with on the refund . Would def . buy from them again . Good customer service goes a long , long way in my book !
 My three year old loves these shoes because they are easy to put on and the color is bright and cheerful . I love them because they are easier to clean than a pair of sneakers .
 My child loves the classic crocs . I 've bought her various shoes from Crocs in the past , but the Cayman / Classic Clog remains as her all time favorite style . I ordered the next size up -LRB- 10-11m toddler/kid -RRB- when I noticed that current shoes were fitting little tight . We just received it and they are way too big on her . Although it is the next size up , there seem to be a huge size difference between 8-9m and 10-11m . Other than that , they are the same great product we are used to . We are keeping them for next summer .
 I got these shoes for a wonderful price and I received them in a couple of days . Very easy with no hassles ! Would definitely shop here again !
 My boys wear their crocs every day in the summer ! They are easy to get on and off , they are supportive and comfortable and they can be cleaned very easily . The quality is great and we can usually get 2 summers out of one pair so it is worth the money and these are worn by all 3 of my boys .
 Crocs are the best shoe for a backyard , water playing child . My daughter immediately put them on and went everywhere in them . When they get muddy or dirty I just wash and scrub off the dirt . I love that I have a shoe she can get muddy , but also still protects her feet .
 I thought for SURE all the hype about crocs was over the top . Everyone buys them for their kids and I thought I 'd never do the same for mine . After finding a cheap pair at a local Goodwill and letting my little boy wear them for just a bit , I 'm hooked just like the rest of the world ! They are comfortable for my 3 year old , easy to put on , and since we picked the bright yellow , easy to find ! I 'd recommend a bright color for kids because you only get to wear crazy shoes once in your life ... now is the time ! : D
 I got a pair of these Crocks for my grandson and he loves them . They are made well and sized properly.We are all very happy with this purchase
 My 2 year old loves these shoes because they are easy for her to put on . However she wears an 8 and these shoes are supposed to be an 8/9 and they are almost too small . If shes barefooted they 're fine but she can barely wear socks with them , so take that in to consideration when ordering . Overall they are exactly what you would expect : -RRB-
 My first son loved these crocs and still wears them ... just a bigger pair . My second son would not keep shoes on for the life of him , except these ! They are my favorite kid 's shoe ... easy to take on and off , stay on well , protects their toes and feet , and lets their feet breath when it 's so hot outside . The perfect shoe invention .
 Crocs arent the most attractive shoe in the world , but they are a dream for toddlers during the summer ! They go with everything , they are comfy but still allow them to run and play outside ! They are easy to clean and dry quickly . We ordered the green for my daughter . They are very loud , but so cute !!
 No , Crocs are n't the most stylish , but when your independent toddler wants to put on his OWN shoes , and you want him to keep them on , these are great . They slip on and off easily and he can do it by himself .
 My daughter just loves these crocs and I do too . They 're lightweight , super easy to clean , and easy to wear . I think I 'm going to buy them in every color !
 We buy these every year . They 're the perfect summer shoe for kids . Easy on , easy off -LRB- even my two year old can handle that all by himself -RRB- , which is great when they 're in-out-in-out-in-out all afternoon and you do n't want mud in the house . Speaking of mud , these shoes are awesome for that , because you can HOSE THEM OFF . Talk about easy to clean . I think they look adorable on kids , as well , with the fun round shape and bright , happy colors . As an adult , I personally would n't be caught dead in them ... but Crocs will always have a special place in my heart for how easy they 've made my life with two small boys . Love Crocs !
 I bought these for my granddaughter who just turned one and is just starting to walk . She is fascinated by the fuchsia color . Watching her toddle around in them was too cute ! They are so much lighter than her other shoes and she never tried to take them off . She is always trying to get her other shoes off . I was afraid they might fall off as she was walking but they stayed on even when she sat down and when she got back up . She wears a size 4 shoe and I ordered a size 4-5 and they are just right for her . Even though the strap is n't tight to her foot they stay on . She has a little room to grow and is wearing them with socks right now , but when the weather gets warmer ... no more socks . I 'm going to get her some more colors and these will be her main footwear for the summer . Grammy is going to try to get some to match . She 's still too young to be humiliated by that !
 My daughter loves the Crocs that `` Santa '' brought her for Christmas . I bought her her first pair of Crocs last summer and that is all she would wear . Now that those have worn out , we needed some replacements . She loves this color ! I 'm certain we 'll wear these ones out this summer and need `` Santa '' to bring another pair next year .
 I love Crocs for little kids . It 's so easy to put them on themselves - even a toddler can do it . When they get dirty I just put them in the dishwasher . They 're durable enough that my older son can wear them a year and then pass them down to my younger son . And so many fun colors to choose from !
 He 's 2 , this is a replacement for the ones he had previously . They are the only shoes he will keep on his feet.And they 're `` boo '' , his favorite color . Enough said .
 well , you cant go wrong with crocs . i bought my son crocs look alikes and they fell apart , so i got him these and they 're so good . no competition .
 I like buying crocs for my two year old and my three year old . They wear well and can take a beating ! The price was right ... I paid about 12 bucks for this pair , otherwise I would not have bought them . Crocs usually retail for about 25-30 bucks per pair and I would not buy them at this price . Overall a great kid shoe and durable .
 It 's very comfortable . My daughter loves them and wears them everywhere . She does n't even want to take them off . Unfortunately , we lost one side on a trip . I need to get a new pair right away .
 My son wears his crocs everyday after we received them . I got him a pair with bigger size so he will be able to wear it next summer too !
 Arrived much faster than expected and are so comfortable that they are the only shoes my son wants to wear .
 My son loves his !!!! I am so glad that I got them ! So versatile and easy !!! Happy mom indeed , slip on and go !
 These crocs were just what I 'd hoped for . The color was as shown , and the sizing fit my daughter . She loves them !
 Made well and lasts multiplable children . Love the color and the quality of the product . Easy slip on and off and works great for the beach .
 Just what i want it and my 19month baby girl just love them , she has chubby feet so this is so comfy and perfect , now she can get her shoes wet or dirty and no worries .
 These are the best shoes I have ever bought my son who normally wears XW shoes from Stride Rite . They are easy to get on his wide foot and he loves them . We both loved them so much I ordered a second pair .
 Perfect shoes for toddlers who have to do things by themselves . The hot pink is very bright and pretty , and they seem to run true to size . Being able to pull the strap behind the foot helps keep the shoes on when I am carrying my toddler as well . This is the third pair of Crocs we have had , and we will keep replacing them as they are outgrown . Great , simple product .
 the first pair of sandals arrived quickly , but they were too big , they seem to run bigger/larger than other shoes . Re-order a smaller size and my loves them .
 I have 4 kids and my younger two have sweaty feet . Crocs are one of the few shoes that will not get stinky from wearing . I throw them in the top of the dishwasher to wash and then re-shine with the Crocs butter buffer.They are the go-to shoe for my 9yo son and he wears them almost exclusively . We are in So . Cal . so he can wear them year round . We have tried the different styles and the classic is his favorite . I have stocked up on these when the Crocs outlet comes to town . He 'll wear fun ankle socks with them when the weather is cooler.I have never had problems with straps breaking and we decorate them with home made `` Jibbitz '' made from 2 buttons sewn together and a fun item glued to the top button.Highly recommend and please do not base your view of Crocs by the knock-off versions sold all over ... . the material is not the same and the Crocs comfort/quality only comes from a real genuine Crocs shoe .
 My 2 years old adores his crocs . We had the size 6-7 and now have the size 8-9 . I will definitely keep buying them as my son is growing . They are easy for him to remove so it gives him some independence and he just started putting them on himself . I do n't let him only wear those , but if he could he definitely would ! Perfect for water and sand play ! Very durable !
 Great for water play or going outside for a short while . You can move the strap to the front or the back which allows for a better hold on a toddler 's feet . Easy to slip on or off . Cute as well . More pricey than many sandals I 'd seen , but probably worth it given the support from the back strap and durability .
 I love crocs . My 2.5 yr old can put them on himself and that helps .
 You ca n't beat these shoes for durability and versatility . My 5 year old son loves them . They can be casual or a little dressy . There 's so many colors to choose from . And my favorite part is you can throw them in the washing machine .
 Shoes were great ... and I say were because we 've already lost 1 of them ... : -LRB-
 I bought these for my grandson . I like to have an extra pair of shoes at home for him in case he gets the shoes he 's wearing muddy or wet . The only problem is he loves these shoes and ends up taking them home :-RRB- This is the second pair I 've purchased this spring and I think they are truly worth the money I paid . They fit well , the shoes stay on , my grandson can put them on by himself and the shoes are well made . I 'll be back to purchase more next year in a different size .
 My boy is almost 2 years old and he got his first pair of crocs a few weeks ago . I got him orange ones -LRB- so that we would find them easily ! -RRB- . Well , he really loves them
 The color is very cute , my babies love to be very comfortable and easy to apply and remove .
 I love Crocs for little kids so wanted to get my daughter a pair , well she refuses to wear them ! So I ca n't really review them based on durability or anything like that , but they are very cute and the color is great for a little girl . Hopefully she will come around and wear these soon as they are the perfect shoe for slipping on to run errands with Mommy or to wear to the pool this summer .
 I brought these crocs for my 5 year old boy , he loves 'em . They are very durable , comfortable and easy to wear . My son 's feet usually gets very seaty but these crocs have breating room and he prefers wear these all the time . Will buy in more colors .
 My kids have had crocs for the past 3 summers . They hold up to daily wear along with camping trips , hikes and trips to the lake . Excellent !
 my granddaughter loves these crocs . she said '' i am going to wear my pink shoes every day ' and she has done just that . and i was so very happy they ran large . if they had n't they would have been just a little small for her . now she has room to grow . clean up is so easy and simple . just to the sink and rinse off . very , very pleased with this product . love crocs for myself and my plantar fsciitis is helped enormously with wearing them .
 My 21 month old began wearing crocs at 12 months , and it 's what he wears the most . Apparently crocs are made in several different countries . This pair was made in Mexico and seemed very wide and very lightweight . A pair he has that was made somewhere else looks significantly different . Regardless , he loves them and loves to put them on himself , which is easy for him because of the shape . I think he will be in crocs for many years to come .
 So cute , true to size , they were very affordable and really looked nicer than I expected , good quality for price.Definitely recommend
 Easy for my 3 year old to slip on when ever she needs to , she can use them around the house or when she goes out with us and she still looks super cute .
 What a great purchase and worth it , it is everything they said it was and I am a happy customer .
 We live in a wet climate so the yard is often squishy . These are great play shoes for here . It is also customary to take your shoes off upon entering houses so they are very convenient for that as well . The color is adorable and my daughter just loves them . The price was decent as well considering that the knockoffs cause horrible blisters on the insides of feet-these did not . All in all it was worth the purchase .
 These are the only shoes that go on my son 's feet effortlessly and that do n't fall off like all his other shoes . Highly recommend them !
 I have very small feet . My wedding shoes were salesmens samples otherwise I would have had to wear sneakers . A year ago I found a pair of Crocs this size -LRB- 3womens , 5men 's -RRB- . They fit perfect . When I went looking this year for another pair the store no longer had this size . Soooooooo , one day while cruizing on Amazon ; BINGO , there they were . I wear them everyday . So comfortable they feel like bedroom slippers . By the way I 'm 69 years old and people remark on my pink shoes . They think they are cute . So do I.
 As soon as my darling grandson wears out his croc 's , I purchase a new pair . The generic brands do n't come close to the comfort or the style of the original croc 's . I personally own 5 pair , some cayman , slides , and a pair of the shoes that kinda look like cayman and sneakers . We love our crocs .
 Growing kids need to have good shoes that allow them to play & have fun . I was n't necessarily a CROCS fan before , but I have to say these are the best shoes for toddlers ! These are the first shoes they go to & they seem to not have any problems . Plus they are easy to clean . In this case , Amazon was cheaper & faster than buying from CROCS direct . Have bought numerous pairs & will continue to do so .
 These are very durable and last longer than the time it takes for my son to grow out of them . This is the 2nd pair that I have bought .
 Those are a great shoes for a gift to people who is out doors a lotwith pets and farm lands.My sister Love those shoes she is care for animals and land she gets5 pairs of those .
 My kids love them . They just slip them on when we are in a hurry . They are sturdy and easy to clean . Great for summertime .
 I have bought these for my children for the past five summers and still love them . They are great for outdoors and indoor and very durable .
 My son loves them ! So confortable , easy to use , easy to clean and dried super fast ... . it 's our best sandals ever for summer time ! Of course Amazon put them in our door as fast as always !
 Well made , sturdy , run a little large but great growing room . Purchased a yellow pair and a green pair , their favorite colors , for twin grandaughters .
 These are my daughters favorite shoes to wear . They are comfortable and she likes the color . My also has a pair and they are his favorite shoes as well .
 He is 8 and shoe size is 2 . The clog is a bit big , but with the straps they do n't fall off him . Even I -LRB- women size 6 -RRB- can squeeze in with the straps flipped up .
 my 2 year old likes to wear it even if i bought it one size bigger . Even I cant wait for him to wear it
 I love these shoes and so does my 2 year old . I bought these with the intention of putting jibbitz on top , but the holes are too small for them . I think I 'm more bummed about than my daughter . Lol . But they are awesome shoes for her to beat around in !!!
 My sons both love their crocs . When I got their new pairs in the mail this week they both wanted to wear them to bed !
 These crocs are just perfect for my little one on the go . He is 13 months and wearing shoes for the first time . He hated other shoes , but these are so light and comfie that he has not fussed and runs around in them happily . I highly recommend crocs for little toddlers on the go !
 The little one loves his new shoes - they seem a little tight to me compared to his other size 7 's , but those feet are growing so fast right now . Otherwise a great durable product . Recommended by his day-care teacher . Funny watching all those little ones running around in crocs - like we 're at a ducth daycare ... These will be staples in our wardrobe for the next few years at least .
 This shoe is exactly what my 4 y.o. daughter was looking for . She selected the colour herself and when it arrived she was extremely happy . The shoes fit well and have hardly been off her fit since arriving .
 perfect color , last forever and they always look clean . My son adores to wear them , they are so easy to put on .
 Bought these for my 23-month old and they are great . After just a few minutes to adjust to how they fit he was off and running . Extremely easy for him to get off and I 'm sure he 'll be able to put on himself in no time . This is definitely a great price if you shop around .
 ths are just perfect , the size and color are exactly as described . this item was shipped in the time frame specified also .
 Very practical solution for toddlers outdoors . Run true to size . The color is vivid and stays bright . Quite durable . Will buy another pair for the next year summer .
 I LOVE these shoes for my 2 year old son . They are easy , light-weight , and if they get dirty , they go right into the sink ... or under the hose . Much better than flip flops for this age . Beach , pool , running around the playground ... . Perfect .
 PROS
 Crocs are very nice and excellent quality . Quick shipment and no problems ... I got the purple and the sizing is just right .
 Got the brown crocs for my 3 year old son . did the measures like it said , which was 10/11 size . They were way too big had to return and am getting the 8/9 size . But they are the best . hold up well and comfy .
 I buy these every year for my preschooler . They are great summer shoes , perfect for water play and the backyard . My daughter is able to put them on and off by herself . I like them better then water shoes they slip on easier and they are easy to clean .
 I love Crocs for both my boys at the beach , running through the sprinklers at the playground , and generally just playing in summer . However , why are they so darn WIDE ! It works for one of my kids who has feet on the wide side . But my other child has very narrow feet and the Crocs almost fly off when he walks let alone run.Please Crocs , make a narrow version of your classics !
 My son is 2 and half , got him the Classic Clog . He loves them , calles them the ` little blue shoes ' .
 Easy on , easy off & they 're waterproof !!! My daughters ' preferred shoe choice -LRB- mine too ! -RRB-
 Our grandson loved these shoes the moment he saw them . Not yet 2 yrs old but even gets them on the correct feet .
 it 's easy , it 's clean , it 's great for kids to wear at the waterpark and anywhere .
 My son is 2 and loves his crocs . We bought some Elmo and Cookie Monster jibitz ... he wears them almost every day and they are perfect for a day at the beach or lake . We will get another pair next year too !
 They do run large so prepare for a little bit of tripping while the child adjusts , but for the economy-minded the extra size is also a bonus -- the crocs are practically indestructable and your child will get a lot of use out of them as he or she grows . My three year old got the lime green color and she wants to wear them all the time , even indoors and says they are `` very comfy . ''
 This was delivered quickly and was exactly what we were looking for - we could n't find this color in his size anywhere .
 I was desperately trying to find a pair of crocs for my grandson after a major order mess-up from the Crocs website . That is how I found this seller on Amazon . This seller was fast , efficient and reasonably priced . They also had a huge inventory of shoes in all colors and sizes . I would highly recommend this seller and would never hesitate to order from them again . My order was received within 4 days . Awesome timing .
 I got these shoes in the lime green color for my 14 month old son . They look very cute and he seems to like wearing them . He 's not walking yet but hopefully he 'll be able to walk okay in these shoes . The 4-5 size is a little big for him now but will probably be just right for later in the summer .
 I took one star away because of the sizing , very difficult to determine . Other than the sizing , everything about it is great . Lightweight , easy to clean . Looks really cute on my 11-month old daughter learning to walk .
 These Crocs were for our granddaughter and we put them in her Easter Basket . She loved the great purple color and they wear like iron . Crocs are for everyone .
 Durashocks are fairly comfortable . There 's little apparent shock when walking on pavement , and for me a needed metal support shank . Despite the contrasting eyelets and hooks , they pass in a business casual environment . One other unexpected benefit is that these are much quieter when walking on carpet or pavement than lug-soled boots . They do tend to squeak on tile , though.The main drawback is that these boots tend to run narrow . I tend to get toe bang with most shoes and boots and have D width feet . When I bought a second pair , I bought them wide . The toe box is still narrow , albeit slightly wider than the D pair , but the rest of the fit is actually narrower . Unfortunately the wider size did n't solve the toe bang problem.Other drawbacks are that the provided laces are dual-color -LRB- fine for a true work boot environment , unlike my office -RRB- and too short . Also , the upper two sets of hooks are too narrow and laces tend to slip out of them while tying the boots .
 On my third pair in last many years . Must be satisfied with this model . You will be pleased with these for yard work , hiking or general industrial work .
 Super comfortable . Great support ; the special sole and heel pads cushion each step and ease the shock to the musculoskeletal system . The foot is surrounded by breathable fabric on top of a generous amount of padding . This model is also good looking enough to wear in casual non-work situations . - A world away from the $ 49.95 discount-store work boots !
 I have been wearing wolverine durashock boots for over ten years . You can not get a more comfortable and durable boot .
 I have used this brand in this past and have always had great things to say . with this pair of boots nothing has changed . i am on my feet on concrete and steel grates for 13 hours a day and these boots do their job and have done their job thus far . of course your feet will become sore after such a lengthy day 6 or 7 days a week but these are very nice . there are other great boots out there and i have spent 200-300 dollars to acquire them but these do the trick for a hell of a lot less money !
 this boot is a very good work boot , easy on your feet.i have wore this type of boot for many years , amazon had the best price . .
 This is my 4th pair , of this style . On the steel toe version , the leather rubs off the toe real fast . But the only problem I have is that it takes a couple of weeks for my big toes to get comfortable , because the front sole is as hard as the heel part . Otherwise these are broke in the first day for me .
 It 's soft , and it lasts . I bought my over 2 yrs ago . My company pays for boots once a year and they last much longer than that . Great value .
 very nice looking boot but they run narrow . the length is good so going up to a larger size did not work for me .
 This is my third pair of these . They last and last . Very comfortable . I am on my feet all day and these are great .
 THIS IS THE EXAT PARTNUMBER BOOT I HAVE WORN FOR SEVERAL YEARS . I WORKED A CAR WASH AND IT KEPT MY FEET DRY AND SAFE FROM ELECTRICAL SHOCKS . WORK ON HARD SURFACES AND THEY ARE VERY COMFORTABLE .
 I 've been wearing Wolverine Work Boots for more than 10 years and have had nothing but great luck with them . They are very comfortable and they last a long time . I personally like the Durashock boots but I 've owned both types and they are all great . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Boot provides excellent foot support . Light weight and flexible . No break in time required . Boots wear great right out of the box !
 These Adidas sandals are comfortable and stylish . I do agree with other reviewers , however , that they size short and tight . I purchased a size 6 and am still working on breaking them in . I bought a size 7 in another color and they are more comfortable . Great , classic sandals at a decent price , but size up for sure .
 I bought these shoes in pink and they are very cute . The one downfall has been , I bought them in the size I always wear but the band part is extremely tight . I could n't even put my foot all the way in initially . I have worn them around the house with socks in order to work on stretching them a bit -LRB- everyone tells me these shoes will stretch out -RRB- but right now they are really uncomfortable due to the top band being too tight . I have noticed they have losened a bit from wearing them around the house , but I have not worn them out yet due to the uncomfrotableness . I am hopefully they will losen enough to wear comfortably because they really are cute and would be great to take on my vacation to the ocean this summer .
 I have been wearing this syle for at least 20 years , ever since my son took his first step on a soccer field . Since I am on my feet all day as a nurse the first thing I do before I get in the house is take off my nasty shoes and leave them on the porch ! When I cross the threshold there are my ADIDAS sandals waiting for me ... my feet say `` ahhhhh ! ''
 I love these Addias shoes . My only problem is that they did n't have large sizes and the size 8 I ordered is alot smaller than the ones I had previously . Get more sizes in stock !
 These shoes are so comfortable , with plenty of arch support for my high arches . I bought my first pair as a freshman in college , and they lasted for 7 years . Now I 'm on my second pair !!
 SUPER FAST shipping ! recieved in days , unbelievable ! item in perfect condition , exactly as described . excellent choice !
 I just recently had to break down and buy my 2nd pair of these sandals , but only because the white strips on them were starting to look a little dingy . I owned my previous pair for 7 years , and they really took a daily beating . I did everything in them from mowing the lawn to going to the beach to running errands in them . I even tripped a few times in them -LRB- not because of the shoe , but you know ... over the course of 7 years , you do trip every now and then -RRB- , got my feet stepped on in them & got them wet a million times . I live in Florida , so a comfortable , cute sandal is a must . I wore my last pair probably at least once a day everyday since the day I purchased them . I would die if Adidas ever stopped making these . I would n't even know what to put on my feet !! The BEST shoe I 've ever owned . BTW , I find them to be true to size .
 These are great slip-ons ... almost as comfortable as Birkenstocks ! However , beware the women 's version if you have wider feet . They are quite a bit more narrow and snug fitting . Personally , I wish I had gotten mine in a boy 's size 6 -LRB- I am a women 's size 7 -RRB- - I found them more comfortable !
 Love this pair ! they are form fitting to my feet and the material feels soft against my skin . When I walk to the beach , they do n't slide around . They feel stable and solid . When my feet are wet or sandy I still feel comfortable ! They 're well made and will last a long time ! Despite being striped -LRB- which I think is a selling feature -RRB- , they go with everything and are very stylish .
 I love this shoe ! All my friends had it and i wanted it . I got it and still love it ! < 3 I reccomend it to all !
 Perfect fit , exactly what I was looking for and at a great price .
 I have used this brand in this past and have always had great things to say . with this pair of boots nothing has changed . i am on my feet on concrete and steel grates for 13 hours a day and these boots do their job and have done their job thus far . of course your feet will become sore after such a lengthy day 6 or 7 days a week but these are very nice . there are other great boots out there and i have spent 200-300 dollars to acquire them but these do the trick for a hell of a lot less money !
 This is the second pair , I have owned , and these are very good boots . You do n't have to break them in . The fit is superior .
 this boot is a very good work boot , easy on your feet.i have wore this type of boot for many years , amazon had the best price . .
 This is my 4th pair , of this style . On the steel toe version , the leather rubs off the toe real fast . But the only problem I have is that it takes a couple of weeks for my big toes to get comfortable , because the front sole is as hard as the heel part . Otherwise these are broke in the first day for me .
 It 's soft , and it lasts . I bought my over 2 yrs ago . My company pays for boots once a year and they last much longer than that . Great value .
 very nice looking boot but they run narrow . the length is good so going up to a larger size did not work for me .
 This is my third pair of these . They last and last . Very comfortable . I am on my feet all day and these are great .
 THIS IS THE EXAT PARTNUMBER BOOT I HAVE WORN FOR SEVERAL YEARS . I WORKED A CAR WASH AND IT KEPT MY FEET DRY AND SAFE FROM ELECTRICAL SHOCKS . WORK ON HARD SURFACES AND THEY ARE VERY COMFORTABLE .
 I 've been wearing Wolverine Work Boots for more than 10 years and have had nothing but great luck with them . They are very comfortable and they last a long time . I personally like the Durashock boots but I 've owned both types and they are all great . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Boot provides excellent foot support . Light weight and flexible . No break in time required . Boots wear great right out of the box !
 Durashocks are fairly comfortable . There 's little apparent shock when walking on pavement , and for me a needed metal support shank . Despite the contrasting eyelets and hooks , they pass in a business casual environment . One other unexpected benefit is that these are much quieter when walking on carpet or pavement than lug-soled boots . They do tend to squeak on tile , though.The main drawback is that these boots tend to run narrow . I tend to get toe bang with most shoes and boots and have D width feet . When I bought a second pair , I bought them wide . The toe box is still narrow , albeit slightly wider than the D pair , but the rest of the fit is actually narrower . Unfortunately the wider size did n't solve the toe bang problem.Other drawbacks are that the provided laces are dual-color -LRB- fine for a true work boot environment , unlike my office -RRB- and too short . Also , the upper two sets of hooks are too narrow and laces tend to slip out of them while tying the boots .
 On my third pair in last many years . Must be satisfied with this model . You will be pleased with these for yard work , hiking or general industrial work .
 Super comfortable . Great support ; the special sole and heel pads cushion each step and ease the shock to the musculoskeletal system . The foot is surrounded by breathable fabric on top of a generous amount of padding . This model is also good looking enough to wear in casual non-work situations . - A world away from the $ 49.95 discount-store work boots !
 I have been wearing wolverine durashock boots for over ten years . You can not get a more comfortable and durable boot .
 My mother-in-law has so much trouble finding comfortable shoes Between diabetes & problems that should be surgically corrected , but her high blood pressure prohibits surgery , finding shoes is like the proverbial needle in a hay stack search . Aetrex offered a full grain leather comfort shoe with velcro closures for easy adjustment . One look & I thought , `` That 's the shoe for Mom ! '' ... and it was ! She put them on , grabbed her cane , & wore them for her weekly shopping outing , & kept them on when we arrived back home . Amazing !!! Thanks , Amazon , for leading me in the right direction , & thanks to Aetrex , also , for solving the comfort dilemma !
 Converse Chuck Taylor All Stars are not just a fashion statement . Back in the day , they were my choice of athletic footwear -- following in my father 's footsteps -- while starting center on the high school basketball team . For a 6 ' 2 '' white guy with a moderate vertical leaping ability , I did n't have to worry about losing any spring in my step , and I always led stats in rebounds and blocked shots against players wearing the then-ubiquitous Adidas , Puma and Converse `` Dr. J '' hi-tops . In all fairness , and as a disclaimer , 80 % of the opposing team members were white guys , too.Still , though I have absolutely no vertical leap left -LRB- hey . I graduated 24 years ago -RRB- , I still wear these shoes , just because . Like one reviewer pointed out , they 're a great conversation starter . Plus , they 're as comfy as a second pair of feet.At the turn of the 20th to the 21st century , it appeared that there 'd be NO Chucks left at all
 Super comfortable . Perfect clog for standing on your feet all day or walking on concrete floors . I would recommend this to anyone who is on her feet during the day .
 Converse Chuck Taylor All Stars are not just a fashion statement . Back in the day , they were my choice of athletic footwear -- following in my father 's footsteps -- while starting center on the high school basketball team . For a 6 ' 2 '' white guy with a moderate vertical leaping ability , I did n't have to worry about losing any spring in my step , and I always led stats in rebounds and blocked shots against players wearing the then-ubiquitous Adidas , Puma and Converse `` Dr. J '' hi-tops . In all fairness , and as a disclaimer , 80 % of the opposing team members were white guys , too.Still , though I have absolutely no vertical leap left -LRB- hey . I graduated 24 years ago -RRB- , I still wear these shoes , just because . Like one reviewer pointed out , they 're a great conversation starter . Plus , they 're as comfy as a second pair of feet.At the turn of the 20th to the 21st century , it appeared that there 'd be NO Chucks left at all
 As you prob know , Sperry makes a great boat shoe and this Chukka is no exception . The leather breaths well , excellent traction , no break-in req . Only complaint , the 10EE seemed very narrow for a wide , in that I could n't tell any difference in the 10D and 10EE . Fortunately the leather is supple enough that the toebox conformed to my foot , otherwise I would have had to return them due to a historical neuroma . All in all , great deal for the price ...
 Super comfortable . Perfect clog for standing on your feet all day or walking on concrete floors . I would recommend this to anyone who is on her feet during the day .
 My mother-in-law has so much trouble finding comfortable shoes Between diabetes & problems that should be surgically corrected , but her high blood pressure prohibits surgery , finding shoes is like the proverbial needle in a hay stack search . Aetrex offered a full grain leather comfort shoe with velcro closures for easy adjustment . One look & I thought , `` That 's the shoe for Mom ! '' ... and it was ! She put them on , grabbed her cane , & wore them for her weekly shopping outing , & kept them on when we arrived back home . Amazing !!! Thanks , Amazon , for leading me in the right direction , & thanks to Aetrex , also , for solving the comfort dilemma !
 Converse Chuck Taylor All Stars are not just a fashion statement . Back in the day , they were my choice of athletic footwear -- following in my father 's footsteps -- while starting center on the high school basketball team . For a 6 ' 2 '' white guy with a moderate vertical leaping ability , I did n't have to worry about losing any spring in my step , and I always led stats in rebounds and blocked shots against players wearing the then-ubiquitous Adidas , Puma and Converse `` Dr. J '' hi-tops . In all fairness , and as a disclaimer , 80 % of the opposing team members were white guys , too.Still , though I have absolutely no vertical leap left -LRB- hey . I graduated 24 years ago -RRB- , I still wear these shoes , just because . Like one reviewer pointed out , they 're a great conversation starter . Plus , they 're as comfy as a second pair of feet.At the turn of the 20th to the 21st century , it appeared that there 'd be NO Chucks left at all
 The boots have exceeded by expectations . Double-H has been my favorite brand since I discovered them in a boot store in Nashville . I 'm wearing them to work with slacks , polo , and dress coat . The smooth finish allows you to dress formal -LRB- suit -RRB- and also looks good with jeans . Being new , the lower section -LRB- foot covering -RRB- has a glossy finish that does not match the shaft . When worn for a while , the boots look somewhat uniform in color and texture . The lower portion still shines more than the shaft . Unlike other boots , these have a sole with traction control . I recommended going to the Double-H website and reviewing the product . While wearing these boots six days a week -LRB- 14 hr days -RRB- , I have not noticed any foot , leg , or back pain . These boots weigh less than other Double-H boots I own . The `` break-in '' period was short . I recommended conventional black shoe polish . In 2011 , I will order a second pair . It would be ideal if Double-H offered a natural leather option -LRB- tan -RRB- in this same boot . I hope this helps ...
 These boots were a gift to my Grandson . Double H has always have had good products and this is no exception . They were received on time , packed well to arrive in perfect condition , which they did . My Grandson is wearing these and likes them very much .
 Very please with my boots . I usely wear a 5E and the 3EEE fits like a glove.Has a nice shine and finish . Excellent quality boots.Thanks Double-H and Amazon came to the rescue again.A very happy camperDavid M. from the cold country
 Super comfortable . Perfect clog for standing on your feet all day or walking on concrete floors . I would recommend this to anyone who is on her feet during the day .
 As you prob know , Sperry makes a great boat shoe and this Chukka is no exception . The leather breaths well , excellent traction , no break-in req . Only complaint , the 10EE seemed very narrow for a wide , in that I could n't tell any difference in the 10D and 10EE . Fortunately the leather is supple enough that the toebox conformed to my foot , otherwise I would have had to return them due to a historical neuroma . All in all , great deal for the price ...
 Just got these and they fit well , and also are very nice for walking . I hope that they hold up , but initial quality is high !
 Perfect !! I normally wear a size 8 , but this brand runs small , so the 10s fit perfectly . They are excellent quality , and a great deal !!
 I danced for a little while and tried to wear LOTS of different shoes , but this was by far my favorite . The heel is just thick enough to walk around in all night with no fear of falling , but not look too chunky . These lasted me forever and that was using the gap between the heel and sole for climbing the pole sometimes when I got lazy . Great shoe at a good price .
 These are by far the best pair of rocky boots yet . This only my third pair in 19 years , that 's how long they last .
 I bought Arctic Bearclaws oct 2012 and used them for duck hunting and deer hunting with no problem . THEN I use them in the Brainerd , MN Jaycees ice fishing tourney -LRB- 13degF 23-30mph wind speeds average , 40mph gusts -RRB- and never felt a chill . I could not believe how worm my feet were with 1 pair of wool socks . I would like to say I was impressed but this is just what happens when you buy Rockys . This is my 6th pair of Rockys -LRB- corn stalkers , some work boot , blizzard stalkers , trail blazers , and mobilites -RRB- , and one heavey coat . I 've notice they have a lifespan of 8 years . HOWEVER , I would recommend Redwings for work boots . I JUST ordered a pair of Rocky Ridgetops , I hope they can match my old Trail Blazers . Rocky is top notch !
 Converse Chuck Taylor All Stars are not just a fashion statement . Back in the day , they were my choice of athletic footwear -- following in my father 's footsteps -- while starting center on the high school basketball team . For a 6 ' 2 '' white guy with a moderate vertical leaping ability , I did n't have to worry about losing any spring in my step , and I always led stats in rebounds and blocked shots against players wearing the then-ubiquitous Adidas , Puma and Converse `` Dr. J '' hi-tops . In all fairness , and as a disclaimer , 80 % of the opposing team members were white guys , too.Still , though I have absolutely no vertical leap left -LRB- hey . I graduated 24 years ago -RRB- , I still wear these shoes , just because . Like one reviewer pointed out , they 're a great conversation starter . Plus , they 're as comfy as a second pair of feet.At the turn of the 20th to the 21st century , it appeared that there 'd be NO Chucks left at all
 The boots have exceeded by expectations . Double-H has been my favorite brand since I discovered them in a boot store in Nashville . I 'm wearing them to work with slacks , polo , and dress coat . The smooth finish allows you to dress formal -LRB- suit -RRB- and also looks good with jeans . Being new , the lower section -LRB- foot covering -RRB- has a glossy finish that does not match the shaft . When worn for a while , the boots look somewhat uniform in color and texture . The lower portion still shines more than the shaft . Unlike other boots , these have a sole with traction control . I recommended going to the Double-H website and reviewing the product . While wearing these boots six days a week -LRB- 14 hr days -RRB- , I have not noticed any foot , leg , or back pain . These boots weigh less than other Double-H boots I own . The `` break-in '' period was short . I recommended conventional black shoe polish . In 2011 , I will order a second pair . It would be ideal if Double-H offered a natural leather option -LRB- tan -RRB- in this same boot . I hope this helps ...
 These boots were a gift to my Grandson . Double H has always have had good products and this is no exception . They were received on time , packed well to arrive in perfect condition , which they did . My Grandson is wearing these and likes them very much .
 Very please with my boots . I usely wear a 5E and the 3EEE fits like a glove.Has a nice shine and finish . Excellent quality boots.Thanks Double-H and Amazon came to the rescue again.A very happy camperDavid M. from the cold country
 I really like these shoes . They look great . The only thing I would change is that they take a while to break in - they are not at all flexible . That sounds like they would n't be comfortable - they are , they just feel like new shoes - even after I 've worn them 7-8 times .
 Great products , mis-named in description -LRB- it was written pattern instead of patent , which prevented me from finding it for some time ! -RRB- . Comfortable , well-made , easy to wear with anything from jeans to a suit . Thumbs up from me .
 i was soo happy to find my shoes in the style , color and size i wanted . I looked everywhere and this was the ONLY store that had them.Thanks again !!!
 These boots look and feel great . . There was a lil scuff on the front part dont know how it got there but I 'm happy overall .
 I really like these shoes . They look great . The only thing I would change is that they take a while to break in - they are not at all flexible . That sounds like they would n't be comfortable - they are , they just feel like new shoes - even after I 've worn them 7-8 times .
 Great products , mis-named in description -LRB- it was written pattern instead of patent , which prevented me from finding it for some time ! -RRB- . Comfortable , well-made , easy to wear with anything from jeans to a suit . Thumbs up from me .
 i was soo happy to find my shoes in the style , color and size i wanted . I looked everywhere and this was the ONLY store that had them.Thanks again !!!
 I really like these shoes . They look great . The only thing I would change is that they take a while to break in - they are not at all flexible . That sounds like they would n't be comfortable - they are , they just feel like new shoes - even after I 've worn them 7-8 times .
 Great products , mis-named in description -LRB- it was written pattern instead of patent , which prevented me from finding it for some time ! -RRB- . Comfortable , well-made , easy to wear with anything from jeans to a suit . Thumbs up from me .
 i was soo happy to find my shoes in the style , color and size i wanted . I looked everywhere and this was the ONLY store that had them.Thanks again !!!
 I really like these shoes . They look great . The only thing I would change is that they take a while to break in - they are not at all flexible . That sounds like they would n't be comfortable - they are , they just feel like new shoes - even after I 've worn them 7-8 times .
 Great products , mis-named in description -LRB- it was written pattern instead of patent , which prevented me from finding it for some time ! -RRB- . Comfortable , well-made , easy to wear with anything from jeans to a suit . Thumbs up from me .
 i was soo happy to find my shoes in the style , color and size i wanted . I looked everywhere and this was the ONLY store that had them.Thanks again !!!
 The boots have exceeded by expectations . Double-H has been my favorite brand since I discovered them in a boot store in Nashville . I 'm wearing them to work with slacks , polo , and dress coat . The smooth finish allows you to dress formal -LRB- suit -RRB- and also looks good with jeans . Being new , the lower section -LRB- foot covering -RRB- has a glossy finish that does not match the shaft . When worn for a while , the boots look somewhat uniform in color and texture . The lower portion still shines more than the shaft . Unlike other boots , these have a sole with traction control . I recommended going to the Double-H website and reviewing the product . While wearing these boots six days a week -LRB- 14 hr days -RRB- , I have not noticed any foot , leg , or back pain . These boots weigh less than other Double-H boots I own . The `` break-in '' period was short . I recommended conventional black shoe polish . In 2011 , I will order a second pair . It would be ideal if Double-H offered a natural leather option -LRB- tan -RRB- in this same boot . I hope this helps ...
 These boots were a gift to my Grandson . Double H has always have had good products and this is no exception . They were received on time , packed well to arrive in perfect condition , which they did . My Grandson is wearing these and likes them very much .
 Very please with my boots . I usely wear a 5E and the 3EEE fits like a glove.Has a nice shine and finish . Excellent quality boots.Thanks Double-H and Amazon came to the rescue again.A very happy camperDavid M. from the cold country
 I really like these shoes . They look great . The only thing I would change is that they take a while to break in - they are not at all flexible . That sounds like they would n't be comfortable - they are , they just feel like new shoes - even after I 've worn them 7-8 times .
 Great products , mis-named in description -LRB- it was written pattern instead of patent , which prevented me from finding it for some time ! -RRB- . Comfortable , well-made , easy to wear with anything from jeans to a suit . Thumbs up from me .
 i was soo happy to find my shoes in the style , color and size i wanted . I looked everywhere and this was the ONLY store that had them.Thanks again !!!
 I really like these shoes . They look great . The only thing I would change is that they take a while to break in - they are not at all flexible . That sounds like they would n't be comfortable - they are , they just feel like new shoes - even after I 've worn them 7-8 times .
 Great products , mis-named in description -LRB- it was written pattern instead of patent , which prevented me from finding it for some time ! -RRB- . Comfortable , well-made , easy to wear with anything from jeans to a suit . Thumbs up from me .
 i was soo happy to find my shoes in the style , color and size i wanted . I looked everywhere and this was the ONLY store that had them.Thanks again !!!
 I really like these shoes . They look great . The only thing I would change is that they take a while to break in - they are not at all flexible . That sounds like they would n't be comfortable - they are , they just feel like new shoes - even after I 've worn them 7-8 times .
 Great products , mis-named in description -LRB- it was written pattern instead of patent , which prevented me from finding it for some time ! -RRB- . Comfortable , well-made , easy to wear with anything from jeans to a suit . Thumbs up from me .
 i was soo happy to find my shoes in the style , color and size i wanted . I looked everywhere and this was the ONLY store that had them.Thanks again !!!
 I get more compliments about this shoe . They are a little snug around the top of the foot , but once on , they are fine .
 I really like these shoes . They look great . The only thing I would change is that they take a while to break in - they are not at all flexible . That sounds like they would n't be comfortable - they are , they just feel like new shoes - even after I 've worn them 7-8 times .
 Great products , mis-named in description -LRB- it was written pattern instead of patent , which prevented me from finding it for some time ! -RRB- . Comfortable , well-made , easy to wear with anything from jeans to a suit . Thumbs up from me .
 i was soo happy to find my shoes in the style , color and size i wanted . I looked everywhere and this was the ONLY store that had them.Thanks again !!!
 The boots have exceeded by expectations . Double-H has been my favorite brand since I discovered them in a boot store in Nashville . I 'm wearing them to work with slacks , polo , and dress coat . The smooth finish allows you to dress formal -LRB- suit -RRB- and also looks good with jeans . Being new , the lower section -LRB- foot covering -RRB- has a glossy finish that does not match the shaft . When worn for a while , the boots look somewhat uniform in color and texture . The lower portion still shines more than the shaft . Unlike other boots , these have a sole with traction control . I recommended going to the Double-H website and reviewing the product . While wearing these boots six days a week -LRB- 14 hr days -RRB- , I have not noticed any foot , leg , or back pain . These boots weigh less than other Double-H boots I own . The `` break-in '' period was short . I recommended conventional black shoe polish . In 2011 , I will order a second pair . It would be ideal if Double-H offered a natural leather option -LRB- tan -RRB- in this same boot . I hope this helps ...
 These boots were a gift to my Grandson . Double H has always have had good products and this is no exception . They were received on time , packed well to arrive in perfect condition , which they did . My Grandson is wearing these and likes them very much .
 Very please with my boots . I usely wear a 5E and the 3EEE fits like a glove.Has a nice shine and finish . Excellent quality boots.Thanks Double-H and Amazon came to the rescue again.A very happy camperDavid M. from the cold country
 I have n't had to wear them outside yet , but they look great . My neice wanted to steal them from me . I put a gel insole in them so they 're even more comfortable . I hope they 're warm , too .
 I must say that Adidas is a great brand and the styles they offer are excellent . This shoe is very comfortable and goes well with almost any outfit with similar color schemes .
 I really like these shoes . They look great . The only thing I would change is that they take a while to break in - they are not at all flexible . That sounds like they would n't be comfortable - they are , they just feel like new shoes - even after I 've worn them 7-8 times .
 Great products , mis-named in description -LRB- it was written pattern instead of patent , which prevented me from finding it for some time ! -RRB- . Comfortable , well-made , easy to wear with anything from jeans to a suit . Thumbs up from me .
 i was soo happy to find my shoes in the style , color and size i wanted . I looked everywhere and this was the ONLY store that had them.Thanks again !!!
 I happened upon these by chance for a gift for my 13 yo daughter for Christmas . She absolutely loves them ! The only problems are that one of the rivets on the inside of the shoe is bent already and pokes her in the foot . Also , one of the peace sign patches is already lifting . I sent an email to amazon but did not have the order # handy . They responded but could not help without the number . I have yet to get back with them which is my fault . Overall , for the length of time that she will fit into these I think they will be ok .
 I happened upon these by chance for a gift for my 13 yo daughter for Christmas . She absolutely loves them ! The only problems are that one of the rivets on the inside of the shoe is bent already and pokes her in the foot . Also , one of the peace sign patches is already lifting . I sent an email to amazon but did not have the order # handy . They responded but could not help without the number . I have yet to get back with them which is my fault . Overall , for the length of time that she will fit into these I think they will be ok .
 I really like these shoes . They look great . The only thing I would change is that they take a while to break in - they are not at all flexible . That sounds like they would n't be comfortable - they are , they just feel like new shoes - even after I 've worn them 7-8 times .
 Great products , mis-named in description -LRB- it was written pattern instead of patent , which prevented me from finding it for some time ! -RRB- . Comfortable , well-made , easy to wear with anything from jeans to a suit . Thumbs up from me .
 i was soo happy to find my shoes in the style , color and size i wanted . I looked everywhere and this was the ONLY store that had them.Thanks again !!!
 I really like these shoes . They look great . The only thing I would change is that they take a while to break in - they are not at all flexible . That sounds like they would n't be comfortable - they are , they just feel like new shoes - even after I 've worn them 7-8 times .
 Great products , mis-named in description -LRB- it was written pattern instead of patent , which prevented me from finding it for some time ! -RRB- . Comfortable , well-made , easy to wear with anything from jeans to a suit . Thumbs up from me .
 i was soo happy to find my shoes in the style , color and size i wanted . I looked everywhere and this was the ONLY store that had them.Thanks again !!!
 I really like these shoes . They look great . The only thing I would change is that they take a while to break in - they are not at all flexible . That sounds like they would n't be comfortable - they are , they just feel like new shoes - even after I 've worn them 7-8 times .
 Great products , mis-named in description -LRB- it was written pattern instead of patent , which prevented me from finding it for some time ! -RRB- . Comfortable , well-made , easy to wear with anything from jeans to a suit . Thumbs up from me .
 i was soo happy to find my shoes in the style , color and size i wanted . I looked everywhere and this was the ONLY store that had them.Thanks again !!!
 The boots have exceeded by expectations . Double-H has been my favorite brand since I discovered them in a boot store in Nashville . I 'm wearing them to work with slacks , polo , and dress coat . The smooth finish allows you to dress formal -LRB- suit -RRB- and also looks good with jeans . Being new , the lower section -LRB- foot covering -RRB- has a glossy finish that does not match the shaft . When worn for a while , the boots look somewhat uniform in color and texture . The lower portion still shines more than the shaft . Unlike other boots , these have a sole with traction control . I recommended going to the Double-H website and reviewing the product . While wearing these boots six days a week -LRB- 14 hr days -RRB- , I have not noticed any foot , leg , or back pain . These boots weigh less than other Double-H boots I own . The `` break-in '' period was short . I recommended conventional black shoe polish . In 2011 , I will order a second pair . It would be ideal if Double-H offered a natural leather option -LRB- tan -RRB- in this same boot . I hope this helps ...
 These boots were a gift to my Grandson . Double H has always have had good products and this is no exception . They were received on time , packed well to arrive in perfect condition , which they did . My Grandson is wearing these and likes them very much .
 Very please with my boots . I usely wear a 5E and the 3EEE fits like a glove.Has a nice shine and finish . Excellent quality boots.Thanks Double-H and Amazon came to the rescue again.A very happy camperDavid M. from the cold country
 These shoes are so comfortable !! I usually go barefoot , but when I took them off after shopping today , it was more comfortable to have them on than off . I got mine at Bealls for $ 34.00 . I had to order them in the store , but shipping was free .
 This is my first pair of Clark 's ... They are the most comfortable shoe I have ever worn . Even after hours of shopping , my feet still feel great !
 I happened upon these by chance for a gift for my 13 yo daughter for Christmas . She absolutely loves them ! The only problems are that one of the rivets on the inside of the shoe is bent already and pokes her in the foot . Also , one of the peace sign patches is already lifting . I sent an email to amazon but did not have the order # handy . They responded but could not help without the number . I have yet to get back with them which is my fault . Overall , for the length of time that she will fit into these I think they will be ok .
 I happened upon these by chance for a gift for my 13 yo daughter for Christmas . She absolutely loves them ! The only problems are that one of the rivets on the inside of the shoe is bent already and pokes her in the foot . Also , one of the peace sign patches is already lifting . I sent an email to amazon but did not have the order # handy . They responded but could not help without the number . I have yet to get back with them which is my fault . Overall , for the length of time that she will fit into these I think they will be ok .
 These shoes are great , not too narrow , just wide enough for my feet , plus the cushions are good and its light . One of my favorite basketball shoes .
 I happened upon these by chance for a gift for my 13 yo daughter for Christmas . She absolutely loves them ! The only problems are that one of the rivets on the inside of the shoe is bent already and pokes her in the foot . Also , one of the peace sign patches is already lifting . I sent an email to amazon but did not have the order # handy . They responded but could not help without the number . I have yet to get back with them which is my fault . Overall , for the length of time that she will fit into these I think they will be ok .
 These are just great flip flops and nice to have a bit of design . They wear excellent and are fun . Very comfortable . I live in flip flops in the summer .
 Ok , I live in Minnesota where it has been -10 for about the last 3 weeks . I spend lots of time out on the ice , ice fishing and these have kept my feet nice and toasty warm . They are a bit on the heavier side , but it 's nothing I ca n't deal with . They stick to the ice great , like I 'm walking on cement , and they are the warmest boot I have ever worn . Ca n't wait to use these for some hunting next fall ! Would definitely buy again and I highly recommend them .
 I happened upon these by chance for a gift for my 13 yo daughter for Christmas . She absolutely loves them ! The only problems are that one of the rivets on the inside of the shoe is bent already and pokes her in the foot . Also , one of the peace sign patches is already lifting . I sent an email to amazon but did not have the order # handy . They responded but could not help without the number . I have yet to get back with them which is my fault . Overall , for the length of time that she will fit into these I think they will be ok .
 I happened upon these by chance for a gift for my 13 yo daughter for Christmas . She absolutely loves them ! The only problems are that one of the rivets on the inside of the shoe is bent already and pokes her in the foot . Also , one of the peace sign patches is already lifting . I sent an email to amazon but did not have the order # handy . They responded but could not help without the number . I have yet to get back with them which is my fault . Overall , for the length of time that she will fit into these I think they will be ok .
 I happened upon these by chance for a gift for my 13 yo daughter for Christmas . She absolutely loves them ! The only problems are that one of the rivets on the inside of the shoe is bent already and pokes her in the foot . Also , one of the peace sign patches is already lifting . I sent an email to amazon but did not have the order # handy . They responded but could not help without the number . I have yet to get back with them which is my fault . Overall , for the length of time that she will fit into these I think they will be ok .
 I happened upon these by chance for a gift for my 13 yo daughter for Christmas . She absolutely loves them ! The only problems are that one of the rivets on the inside of the shoe is bent already and pokes her in the foot . Also , one of the peace sign patches is already lifting . I sent an email to amazon but did not have the order # handy . They responded but could not help without the number . I have yet to get back with them which is my fault . Overall , for the length of time that she will fit into these I think they will be ok .
 These shoes are great , not too narrow , just wide enough for my feet , plus the cushions are good and its light . One of my favorite basketball shoes .
 I have had this boot for about four years now and I could not be happier . They are very comfortable as well as durable . I have put about 300-400 miles on them and the treads are not new , but they have held up well . The calfskin lining is one of the features that drew me to buy this boot in the first place . When you wear these boots with a good pair of smartwool socks , they wick away the moisture so fast and efficiently that you really wo n't even be able to tell that your feet are sweating . I would recommend this boot to anyone that goes on extended trips of 3 days or more , mostly because they are a little pricey if you are just the ocassional weekend hiker .
 I happened upon these by chance for a gift for my 13 yo daughter for Christmas . She absolutely loves them ! The only problems are that one of the rivets on the inside of the shoe is bent already and pokes her in the foot . Also , one of the peace sign patches is already lifting . I sent an email to amazon but did not have the order # handy . They responded but could not help without the number . I have yet to get back with them which is my fault . Overall , for the length of time that she will fit into these I think they will be ok .
 I love this style of shoe and I 'm sorely disappointed Dr. Martens is no longer producing shoes in this fashion style . I wish I had jumped on them earlier , as sizes and colors are very limited now.I owned a pair of sketchers in a similar style . I was looking for Docs but could not find this style in stores . I used the sketchers as my work shoes and they did not last long . The soles lasted probably 9 months.I recently bought these recently but had to buy a size larger due to limited options on colors . I love the shoe but hate Dr. Martens for no longer producing them . Excellent quality as with all Dr. Martens products . These will surely last longer than 9 months !
 Excellent product ! I was hesitant at first because I ahve always been a fan of the original DM Boots . But for professional/casual attire in the corporate world I wanted something resilient and the name DM speaks for itself . None of the quaility is lacking and the inclredible feel of the Airwalk shoe makes it feel like your wearing nothing but a sock but fully protected from the elements . I am a die hard DM fan and with this now can expand my choice in shoes . Thanks DM for the shoe and thanks AM for the price !
 I love thes shoe so much that I got two pairs for myself ! Awesome shoes you can wear for 12 hours & not have sore feet !! they are the best !!
 As a fan of Dr. Marteen shoes , I found these not only cheap , but more in fashion of their regular styles . Usually , Dr. Marteen shoes are a bit tough at first ... these are extremely comfortable . I 'm very happy .
 I saw these before Christmas and I hesitated to get them for my husband because he is SO picky , but he absolutely loves them and has had no trouble breaking them in . We pretty much swear by Dr. Martens in this house , but he says this is his favorite pair he 's had since the 90 's ! Highly recommended .
 I love these shoes , and I ca n't even estimate the number of compliments I 've received for them !
 I was intrigued by the unique burnt orange color since I 've never seen that color before . It 's not a disappointment , you could mix and match these shoes with any outfits . They are very comfortable , and they are not too high for me anyways I 'm used to wearing 4 1/4 inch heels . I have a very nice collection of shoes and these were exactly the color that i was looking for to add to my collection . It 's a must buy , you will not regret it .
 Love these heels , I tell ya ! These pumps have this unique sexy style that accentuates leg length creating some seriously , gorgeous knock-you-out pair of legs . I love 'em so much I got 2 pairs in black . It is a timeless , classically erotic bang that impressed me the first time I ever laid eyes on these babies . Worth every penny !
 Hot , Hot , Hot !! I absolutely love these shoes . I just recently purchased the medium orange , which is more of a peachy orange color . I also have the red w / wooden heel . I use those alot and have received many compliments from females and males . I have to disagree with another reviewer and say that these are great for the office and a sexy going out pump . I gave them 4 stars because they are not very comfortable at first wear but once you break them in you will not regret purchasing them . I am thinking about getting them in other colors as well .
 After reading all the positive reviews about this shoes , I decided to give them a try . I actually read about them on another website but noticed Amazon had them on sale for an incredibly low price . I ordered the black ones in my ` usual ' size . I love these shoes ! They fit me true to size and despite the heel they are comfortable ; I can wear them all day at work and not be in pain ! You can dress them up or dress them down , they look totally cute with skinny jeans .
 I have always loved Nine West pumps , and I was thrilled to be able to get these shoes for under $ 40 , because I had been eyeing them when they were $ 78 ! So , I decided to purchase them . I normally go for the really pointy pump look , so I was n't sure how I would like these . When they came , I tried them on , and they took a bit of cramming -LRB- typical with leather pumps -RRB- , but they were VERY cute . I loved them right off the bat . They were easy to walk in , despite my toes being a little cramped . Oh that does bring me to one point ; since the toe of the shoe is n't as long and pointy , there is n't as much room for your toes ! And I have some pretty long toes , so it definitely took some getting used to - maybe for you small-toed people , there would n't be any problem . : o -RRB- I have seem some people complain about the `` toe clevage '' issues , but I think the `` V '' cut is VERY sexy . I love them . They seemed to wear in pretty easy , and have already gotten much easier to put on and take off . Definitely not as comfy as a pair of Nine West slingback pumps I had a couple years ago , but oh well !
 These shoes are beautiful , the bright ruby red color complimented by outfit nicely . It did take some breaking in but after which they were as comfortable as pumps can get . It is a Nine West Shoe so i am expecting this one to last a while , and you can not beat the price listed .
 Would give them 5 stars if not for the toe cleavage issue . Loved them enough to keep them though . Very cute !
 Nine West Lucero - the most beautiful pump I 've seen in a long time ! I was nervous about the heel height , but found them to be fairly easy to wear and true to size . My only reservation is they 're a bit snug in the toes ; perhaps that 's why they 're easy to wear - I feel like they 're glued to my feet ...
 I own this shoe in a burnt orange color that I have n't seen anywhere but Amazon . This shoe is comfortable and the way the front of the shoe is cut makes it a little more interesting ... It 's comfortable but not a shoe you would wear for being sexy ... it 's more like a cute work shoe unless you get it in a fun color ... I am going to get these in black as well just to have in my collection ...
 These shoes can be worn with anything and 1 of my favorite shoes I 've ever owned . One thing to consider is that since they are patent leather , you need to buy at least 1/2 size up .
 very pretty shoe ... the fit is very comfortable ... as previous customer stated it 's more of a pale pink than ivory ...
 These shoes are very sexy and look great ! The size is true but the color is much more of a pearl pink than what I would call cream . However , they are really a pretty shoe .
 I bought about these 5 months ago at the mall for a little under 40 bucks . These are one of the most confortable shoes I 've had at a 4 '' heel . As other reviews say , for people that are used to walking on high heels , it 's a really confortable pair . Ca n't say they are tight in the tip ; on the contrary , I think they 're very roomy there , however my feet are somewhat skinny . After 3-4 times worn they molded to my feet shape and the material is a very good quality leather so I have to differ with the reviewer that said that is a tough material . The color I have -LRB- bronze -RRB- is pretty versatile and I can wear them for the office without looking too flashy , and wear them for cocktails , and as other user said , these look great with skinny jeans.I totally recommend it . I 'm getting them in other colors as this is a great add to any closet .
 I got the Lucero heels on here for only $ 16 ! I think the price has since gone up to $ 24 . I was actually searching for the patent , nude Lucero but it 's sold out on every site and store I visited . The ivory color is a great substitute . It 's not a true ivory color as one of the other reviewers mentioned . It 's kind of a pinky , nude , pearly color . I would 've rated it 5 stars except it hurts to walk in after awhile -LRB- but in it 's defense , how comfortable can a 4 '' heel be for walking -RRB- . I need to put some foot petals inserts in to make it more bearable to walk in . Overall , a beautiful shoe !
 I just purchased this shoe in IVORY ... and what I expected was an offwhite shoes but it was beautiful shimmery pinkish hue ... WOW is all I can say ... GORGEOUS shoe !!!
 Great shoe , very light.The tongue does move around alot on my foot though , does n't stay in the middle , probably my foot 's fault , not the shoe .
 Very light compared to other sneakers I 've worn and also extremely comfortable . The rubber sole is n't very thick which means it bends easily and makes walking more comfortable . The sole also seems slightly thinner than usual so it may wear out faster . The leather is easy to clean , one minute with a dry brush will usually remove most dirt . The shoes soak quickly in the rain but other than not being weatherproof , they 're light and comfortable .
 The best pair of shoes I 've ever owned ! Very comfortable . True to size . Extremely durable . Love them so much I bought a back-up pair , and even tempted to buy a 3rd pair .
 I happened upon these by chance for a gift for my 13 yo daughter for Christmas . She absolutely loves them ! The only problems are that one of the rivets on the inside of the shoe is bent already and pokes her in the foot . Also , one of the peace sign patches is already lifting . I sent an email to amazon but did not have the order # handy . They responded but could not help without the number . I have yet to get back with them which is my fault . Overall , for the length of time that she will fit into these I think they will be ok .
 this is a great shoe . can wear with dress pants or jeans.being short this shoe is really nice for everyday wear .
 Excellent dealer good product , excellent quality 100 % recomended , ship on time , evrithing was good the product is the same as the description on page .
 Bought this to match the large sole of the Vaco Medical boot . It was the perfect height . VERY stable for someone recovering from an achilles tendon rupture . Not soft soled , but put in a gel heel lift and it was more comfortable .
 I am petite and I love the lift these sneakers provide . They are easy to walk in and the high platform is like walking on a cloud . I always buy Volatile sneakers and I am always satisfied . They were shipped in a timely fashion as well .
 These shoes are really cute . I got them so I could have the look of high heels without the pain . They do the job nicely , but I had to exchange them for half size up . I am usually an 8.5 , just about every time , but these definitely run small .
 I already have the black on black and loved them , which prompted me to buy the white . I received the white earlier this week , immediately put them on , and have been wearing them ever since . Love the look with jeans and leggings . They are not even close to being heavy or bulky ; very lightweight , unlike some other wedges . I 'm 5 ' 7 . '' Therefore height was n't the reason for buying them . I 'm very much into the wedge look . I received several compliments this week , and a co-worker already said she 's gon na put her order in for a pair . Regarding the fit , I 'm a nine , bought the nine and their fine . Based on other reviews who suggested buying a 1/2 size larger , I guess it depends on your feet . I took a chance and purchased the nine anyway , and was successful , because they 're comfortably fit . I 'm gon na buy another white pair to have for when these wear out , just in case they run out of nines .
 I purchased these sneakers for under my wedding gown to make dancing more enjoyable ! They were the perfect height and did the job well !
 I have been looking for platform sneakers since I wore out my other ones . No one sells them anymore . I got lucky and found these , Volatile Women 's elevation Platform Sneaker , White Leather . They clean very easily . These sneakers look and feel nice . They are not heavy like other platform sneakers I have worn , but still not for athletic use , I would recommend regular sneakers for the gym ;--RRB- . I like my platform sneakers because I am 5 ' 3 '' -LRB- short , by societies standards -RRB- . They fit good and look just like the picture . These sneakers arrived promptly and in good condition . I am impressed with the service I received and would buy them again.I am adding this extra after I really broke the shoes in ... I have an all tile house and walked in from the rain and almost slipped . These shoes are extremly slippery when they get wet ... So , I lowered my star rating.Volatile Women 's Elevation Platform Wedge Sneaker
 i had these shoes for about 3 years and i used them almost everyday that they were falling apart . i was sad to get rid of them because they did n't sell them anymore.when i saw that they were selling them again i was so happy i had to order 2 pairs.they are so comfortable and best of all they give me height !!!
 I brought these to wear as wedding shoes - I want height and comfort . The height is fantastic !! Only downfall is I 'm usually a 7 , ordered a 7.5 , however an 8 probably would have been more comfortable
 I have been searching for high-heeled tennies forever ! I was a little sceptical to buy over the internet in case they did not fit or I did not like them.Well ... I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THEM !!! I work as a campus supervisor at a high school and have to walk for four hours straight-rain or shine-through the mud , muck , and gum . So , not only did I need comfortable shoes , but I also needed tall shoes to be able to look everyone in the eyes!I am now almost as tall as everyone else and my feet do not hurt by the end of the day!The best thing about them is that my legs get a great workout and they are oh so comfy ! ... they also match with everything !
 I needed black shoes for work but didnt want regular sneakers . I love the platform but pitch of shoe is good . Not to high at all . They were perfect for retail work . Cute and a little platform too . Oh I usually wear a 6 1/2 but ordered the 7 . They do run about a half size small .
 I used to have these shoes in highschool and LOVED them . I wore them out so I tossed them . After years I finally talked myself into getting a pair for work since theyre so comfy and I stand all day long . These came in and look exactly like the picture ! Super comfy but definitely order a half or a whole size up . I am usually an 8 , but I ordered a 9 to make room for socks , they JUST fit . I wouldnt of been able to go any smaller on the size . So keep that in mind !! : -RRB-
 Purchase these platform sneaker online , a little leary , should I have tried them on first and purchase them in a department store . Sneakers arrived on schedule . The fit is right on and true to size , especially with my high instep , very comfortable and great to walk in . The only thing I wished the tongue should have been a little longer , otherwise the sneaker is fantastic .
 These shoes are so comfortable . They do run a size smaller than normal . I ordered a half size larger and should of went a wholeup .
 I have a really hard time finding comfortable shoes . I 'm a heavy person and I have wide feet and so often my feet hurt . A few years ago I had MBT 's and they were great but I could n't afford to replace mine right now , so i thought I would try these . I am so happy with them ! They fit very true to size and have been comfortable since the moment I put them on . They give me some nice height and the fabric provides great support yet also gives to your feet . The back is low enough that it does not cut into my heel . I just got them a week ago and I 'm already thinking of getting another pair .
 I have these in the red with leopard straps . They look equally great with jeans or a suit . They run true to size so DO NOT go bigger . I always get compliments when I wear them and they are sooo comfortable . Every woman needs a Naughty Monkey in her shoe collection !
 I have written a couple naughty monkey reviews this ones going to be short and sweet . They do run true to size , really cute and confortable . Evertone needs a pair
 I bought these in a size 9 thinking they were smaller shoes like most this style . I had to wear them the day I got them . Everyone remarked on them - awsome to look at . . I wish I had bought my normal size 8 1/2 . . they run true to size
 Just got this shoe and I 'm very happy with it . Like all Naughty Monkey shoes , they look great and are reasonably comfortable for a pump . They are VERY summery so I will have to put them away until next year .
 Yes , I would never have believed that a comfort shoe could be sexy but I 'm a believer now . I bought the Tess shoe in black and once it arrived it has barely left my foot . I love it so much I bought the same shoe in Mink . It 's perfect with a skirt or pants -- dressy or casual . Incredibly comfortable and equally versatile , the cushioning in this shoe will blow your mind . Clarks is now my favorite line of shoes .
 This is the first shoe I ever ordered online . Turned out to be a winner ! I love it .
 I wear these shoes to work all the time . They 're my most comfortable pair of heels , and I get lots of compliments on them , too .
 I ordered these in both camel and black , hoping that I would n't be sorry . Well , no disappointment here . They are very stylish and very very comfortable . I am extremely satisfied with Amazon as usual . Thanks for a great deal !!
 These are very nice boots - I have short legs , so they reached my knee , but I 'm told those with longer legs find them a bit short . I could not wear them , as my calves are very large , and these are made for average-size or smaller calves . They are a bit stiff , but a friend who has had a pair for a few years says this is only until you wear them out - something that does n't take very long if you wear them a great deal -LRB- the way I wish I could -RRB- . Try to wear thick socks if you are in the process of wearing them in , as at first they can hurt your ankles if you are not careful . Once they are worn in a bit , they become very comfy and will last a good number of years .
 I have wanted a pair of the 20 eye for a long time and was really happy to get them . They fit perfectly in the calf and foot and felt really comfortable . However , when I went to lace them to the top to wear them - pulling as tightly as possible from the first eyes - the laces were not nearly long enough and I can not wear them unless I leave the top two eyes open . Even when I pulled them as tightly as possible from the bottom up , I was only able to get it to the 18th eye and then was barely able to tie them . I would think they would know to include the longest laces possible for this height of a boot . Has anyone else had this problem or did I get a pair with defective laces ???
 I 'm reviewing here both the 1940 and the 9663 models of Dr Martens . I 'm riding a motorcycle and have decided to buy some boots to block the winter wind when I ride . I initially bought the 1940 and immediately loved them . They did feel a bit large but I lace them tight and it 's fine . This was my ever first boots and I was so thrilled with the feeling so I went on and bought also the taller 9663 -LRB- nearly knee-high -RRB- ; what can I say ... awesome boots ! The leather of the 9663 is smoother and slicker , and in fact even though they are much taller than the 1940 , it seems they weigh less . If you have a budget for one pair , I would say go for the 9663 . I find the 1940 more comfortable for motorcycle gear shifting due to the bulky toe box . Overall both models are great and I wear them all the time even when I 'm not riding . -LRB- Of course , I wear them under my pants and not on-top like some riders do . -RRB- As for the online purchasing , I actually bought each pair from a different retailer . The service was good in both cases ; I just went with the least expensive retailer . Hope it helps .
 Warning these are not steel toed ! I would change my rating to a two . I thought I was buying steel toed boots . I ca n't wear these to Auto Class . Go to -LSB- ... -RSB- and buy your boots there . They look great and are extremely comfortable , however ; the leather seems to be somewhat thin and scratches easily . The one plus to the thin leather is that I was able to break them in rather quickly .
 I have worn docs for 12 years and I would n't switch if someone paid me . They 're tough to break in -LRB- being knee-length and all -RRB- , but once they fit , they fit perfect . I wear them all year long and never get tired of the support and comfort they bring to my feet . Plus , they are quite sexy :-RRB- My only complaint is that the laces they come with are not my style , so I always have to buy a set of normal flat laces -LRB- which hold a knot better -RRB- . If you treat them right from the start -LRB- seal and polish -RRB- they will treat you right for years .
 They looked a little cheap and the tongue is not attached to the boot so I was worried it would move around . The tongue does stay in place and they look great . My calves are a little large so the shoe strings could stand to be a little longer . I am in the process of breaking them in and they do hurt my heal a little but the more I wear them the more I like them . Being that they are Dr. Marten 's I know they will last me for several years .
 Love , love , love ! These boots look so great and they feel really comfortable on too . My boots came super quick -LRB- Thanks Amazon -RRB- ! I would recommend these boots to any women who likes to dress with a little edge . You will not be sorry !
 When I first opened the box I was n't too impressed . I had bought a pair similar to these years ago and ended up getting rid of them . But once I tried them on I was a quite surprised at how well they fit . I was worried at first that they might be a loose around the calves -LRB- the problem with the other pair -RRB- . But these tightened very well . Other comments were posted that the material was too stiff and caused blisters on the ankles , etc. . I do not think the material is too stiff and should break in rather quickly . The boots look a little shinier than in the picture , but that wo n't last with extended use . I really think these are going to work out in the long run and I would recommend them . Good value .
 I love these boots !!! They go great with ANYTHING !!! I practically live in them because they keep your legs and feet warm !!! Not to mention they are so cool looking . On this particular boot , I 'd say the only draw-back is the `` tongue '' part of the boot keeps shifting over ... so I have to keep moving the tongue back to the center because there is no way to fasten it in center . -LRB- I have another pair similar to this pair that has the zipper on the side and there is a place on them to fasten the tongue to the center . -RRB- These boots do not have the zipper on the side , so it is slightly more challenging to get into them ... but once you get them on , they are sweet !!! Definitely one of my favorite boots of all time !!!
 I have always wanted a pair of 20 eye Doc Martens , but found the cost always a little high.Not so on amazon.They wear great and feel great as well.Am always getting great comments on them whenever I wear them.Am even getting my son a pair for christmas
 Very good product and quality , comfortable , reasonably water-proof and good insulation , but the leather is hard initially . On the first days I suggest to apply a preventive protection -LRB- f.e. band-aid -RRB- on the ankles and/or heels , level with particular pressure points on the skin . I would definitely re-purchase them .
 I totally love these boots they are perfect and I have been wanting for them for a while and got a great price here on Amazon and had to jump at the chance and buy them and so happy I did . I am totally satisfied . : - -RRB-
 I would like to have a pair of these boot but in steel toe for women can anyone please me !!!!!!
 These boots look fantastic with skirts and jeans , but the only issue I have with them is they cause blisters on the back of my heels due to the boot bending in at the back of the ankle and rubbing on the heel . So I have to wear thick bandaids and socks to try and save my feet from the pain . Other than that I really love these boots . Great for fall and winter weather as well .
 These shoes are very narrow so it is important that you as the consumer buy a whole size bigger if you are interested . Other wise they are comfortable and stylish .
 So comfortable ! I found that Eastbay got these contoured pieces of relaxation for the troubled dogs out to me so quickly . Highly recommended for the price !!! I get compliments on them every time I wear them .
 I purchased this shoe for my son . From the picture we thought it would be more like a tennis shoe . But the suede gives it more of a dressy-casual look . He 's pleased with the fit and the look of it .
 Women 's Cherokee Black Amara Shoes are as comfortable as they are cute . They have a style that is casual yet gives your jeans and casual slacks a polished look.They are also an incredible bargain . I certainly hope Target sells these again next year , 'cause I 'll be back for more.Another reviewer states that the strap on this shoe hurt her foot . I 'd like to point out that there is no strap on this shoe .
 I wish shoe makers would make 1/2 sizes . i purchased a 9b and it fit a little loose . I wear a 8 1/2 shoe and a 8 would have been to small and a 9 is a little to big . What is the problem with shoe makers making 1/2 sizes in these type shoes . Other wise the shoe feel good and since it is hard to find a red shoe in that style I like it .
 I bought these a while back , and have to tell you these are my favorite go-to sandals . Very comfy and good padding for lots of walking . Will buy more of this style , in other colors , come spring . They run true to size and width .
 These sandals are beautiful . I recently wore them from NY on the plane to the caribbean-it was a long day but they were very comfortable . I am so glad they have the wide sizes , I wish more sandals would offer that . I plan to buy them in every color .
 I would have given 5 but I have been buyer these for a long time and I feel the quality is falling just a bit . If a manufacturer in the US would make something as comfortable and as nice looking , I love this style I would buy them as I really hate the fact they are made in China .
 Great looking western style leather slippers - beachy with a south-western flair . Comfortable . stylish and made to last a very very long time .
 Great product . Have worn these for years and they never disappoint me . Comfortable and good fit . Would n't hesitate to purchase them again .
 If you want comfortable sandals , these are it . I bought some from a famous footwear 5 years ago when i moved to arizona , and when they fell apart 3 1/2 years later , famous didnt have them anymore . So i turn to amazon - and voila ! they have them . minnatonka thongs ... they dont get any better than that
 These are great sandals ! I bought some last summer and have n't been able to locate them locally , but fortunately they were available on the Internet . Love them ! One of the most comfortable sandals I have found .
 She is the shoe maven and she loves these shoes . Finds them very comfortable and stylish .
 These shoes are comfortable and funky ! They look great with jeans . I got so many compliments when I wore them . They are not the greatest walking shoes , but who cares ! I ordered an 8 1/2 and they fit perfect . I have a wide foot so I was a little nervous that they would n't fit , but they fit beautifully . I ca n't wait for spring to wear them with capris .
 I happened upon these by chance for a gift for my 13 yo daughter for Christmas . She absolutely loves them ! The only problems are that one of the rivets on the inside of the shoe is bent already and pokes her in the foot . Also , one of the peace sign patches is already lifting . I sent an email to amazon but did not have the order # handy . They responded but could not help without the number . I have yet to get back with them which is my fault . Overall , for the length of time that she will fit into these I think they will be ok .
 The shoes shoes were great . Delivery was fast . They were extremely helpful to me . Would definitely purchase from them again
 these shoes are adorable and my daughter just loves them , all the beads are stitched down and the wedge is a nice height for a 9 year old.I ordered both the black and the pink my daughter wears them alot and they 've held up well , I 'll definitely be ordering more diva girlz shoes in the future .
 I happened upon these by chance for a gift for my 13 yo daughter for Christmas . She absolutely loves them ! The only problems are that one of the rivets on the inside of the shoe is bent already and pokes her in the foot . Also , one of the peace sign patches is already lifting . I sent an email to amazon but did not have the order # handy . They responded but could not help without the number . I have yet to get back with them which is my fault . Overall , for the length of time that she will fit into these I think they will be ok .
 airy summer shoes with a back zipperI found them bigger to the size , so after some wear they felt a little loose.Nevertheless , I like them , they are comfortable and practical
 I already owned this shoe in another color and have found the style so versatile -- you can wear it with a dress or slacks , fancy or casual . Very comfortable . Also , this shoe is sturdy and does n't show wear .
 I wish shoe makers would make 1/2 sizes . i purchased a 9b and it fit a little loose . I wear a 8 1/2 shoe and a 8 would have been to small and a 9 is a little to big . What is the problem with shoe makers making 1/2 sizes in these type shoes . Other wise the shoe feel good and since it is hard to find a red shoe in that style I like it .
 I bought these a while back , and have to tell you these are my favorite go-to sandals . Very comfy and good padding for lots of walking . Will buy more of this style , in other colors , come spring . They run true to size and width .
 These sandals are beautiful . I recently wore them from NY on the plane to the caribbean-it was a long day but they were very comfortable . I am so glad they have the wide sizes , I wish more sandals would offer that . I plan to buy them in every color .
 I would have given 5 but I have been buyer these for a long time and I feel the quality is falling just a bit . If a manufacturer in the US would make something as comfortable and as nice looking , I love this style I would buy them as I really hate the fact they are made in China .
 Great looking western style leather slippers - beachy with a south-western flair . Comfortable . stylish and made to last a very very long time .
 Great product . Have worn these for years and they never disappoint me . Comfortable and good fit . Would n't hesitate to purchase them again .
 If you want comfortable sandals , these are it . I bought some from a famous footwear 5 years ago when i moved to arizona , and when they fell apart 3 1/2 years later , famous didnt have them anymore . So i turn to amazon - and voila ! they have them . minnatonka thongs ... they dont get any better than that
 These are great sandals ! I bought some last summer and have n't been able to locate them locally , but fortunately they were available on the Internet . Love them ! One of the most comfortable sandals I have found .
 I happened upon these by chance for a gift for my 13 yo daughter for Christmas . She absolutely loves them ! The only problems are that one of the rivets on the inside of the shoe is bent already and pokes her in the foot . Also , one of the peace sign patches is already lifting . I sent an email to amazon but did not have the order # handy . They responded but could not help without the number . I have yet to get back with them which is my fault . Overall , for the length of time that she will fit into these I think they will be ok .
 Be careful the gold heel can rub ... not a good shoe to drive in , but very pretty ... dresses up or dresses down depending on the outfit ... Very versatile ... fits good and is comfortable .
 These are just so unusual and aesthetically pleasing to look at ! I love the shape and the gold heel ! A very dark brown , so will match with a lot of different outfits . The sizing is accurate but I think they would fit a slim-ish foot best .
 I bought this shoe because it 's just like the Lucero pump only it 's an ankle strap pump ... It definitely looks better in person that it does online ... It was so cute I have this shoe in both colors and my sister just bought a pair too ;-RRB- The silver heel makes this shoe stand out !!
 This shoes are very lovely , classy and comfortable . I 'm thinking of getting them in another colour .
 I happened upon these by chance for a gift for my 13 yo daughter for Christmas . She absolutely loves them ! The only problems are that one of the rivets on the inside of the shoe is bent already and pokes her in the foot . Also , one of the peace sign patches is already lifting . I sent an email to amazon but did not have the order # handy . They responded but could not help without the number . I have yet to get back with them which is my fault . Overall , for the length of time that she will fit into these I think they will be ok .
 I have had this boot for about four years now and I could not be happier . They are very comfortable as well as durable . I have put about 300-400 miles on them and the treads are not new , but they have held up well . The calfskin lining is one of the features that drew me to buy this boot in the first place . When you wear these boots with a good pair of smartwool socks , they wick away the moisture so fast and efficiently that you really wo n't even be able to tell that your feet are sweating . I would recommend this boot to anyone that goes on extended trips of 3 days or more , mostly because they are a little pricey if you are just the ocassional weekend hiker .
 I happened upon these by chance for a gift for my 13 yo daughter for Christmas . She absolutely loves them ! The only problems are that one of the rivets on the inside of the shoe is bent already and pokes her in the foot . Also , one of the peace sign patches is already lifting . I sent an email to amazon but did not have the order # handy . They responded but could not help without the number . I have yet to get back with them which is my fault . Overall , for the length of time that she will fit into these I think they will be ok .
 Let me start off by saying WOW . These shoes are sooo unbelivable its not funny . The bulit in sock gives you better ankel support and the laces never come un-tied . The style of this shoe is amazing . I give who ever made this shoe a 50 out of 10 . I have played ball with a pair of T-Mac 2s and it feels as if you are wearing socs . The material it is made out of must be very light . The cusioning inside the shoe is has so much comfort it feels as if you are playing ball in a pair of fluffy socks . The non-marking sole is sweet too if you want to playing on or off the court . If you are playing off court , you never scuff your shoes . These shoes are amazing !!
 You have to definently get these shoes because they are the best shoes out there at this moment.Their nice looking , durable , and well worth -LSB- the money -RSB- . If you are looking for basketball shoes or even shoes to just wear around you must get these .
 PEOPLE , DIS PAIR OF SHOES IS DA BEST PAIR OF SHOES YOU WILL EVA BUY , I LOOK EVA SO PIMP IN EM ' , I BRING ALL DA LADIES TO DA COURT , AND THEY LOVE DA WAY I PLAY BASKETBALL , I REALLY RECCOMENDATIZZAL THAT YOU BUY THESE SHOES FOR RIZZAL , AND WHEN YOU DO BUY DA P.I.M.P SHOES , ALL THE LADIES WILL BE ASKIN YOU RO SHIZZAL WITH YO NIZZAL , PEACE TO THE BROTHAS IN DA HOOD WHO HAVE DA T MACS , SIGHNED , YO MAMMA .
 I happened upon these by chance for a gift for my 13 yo daughter for Christmas . She absolutely loves them ! The only problems are that one of the rivets on the inside of the shoe is bent already and pokes her in the foot . Also , one of the peace sign patches is already lifting . I sent an email to amazon but did not have the order # handy . They responded but could not help without the number . I have yet to get back with them which is my fault . Overall , for the length of time that she will fit into these I think they will be ok .
 Let me start off by saying WOW . These shoes are sooo unbelivable its not funny . The bulit in sock gives you better ankel support and the laces never come un-tied . The style of this shoe is amazing . I give who ever made this shoe a 50 out of 10 . I have played ball with a pair of T-Mac 2s and it feels as if you are wearing socs . The material it is made out of must be very light . The cusioning inside the shoe is has so much comfort it feels as if you are playing ball in a pair of fluffy socks . The non-marking sole is sweet too if you want to playing on or off the court . If you are playing off court , you never scuff your shoes . These shoes are amazing !!
 You have to definently get these shoes because they are the best shoes out there at this moment.Their nice looking , durable , and well worth -LSB- the money -RSB- . If you are looking for basketball shoes or even shoes to just wear around you must get these .
 PEOPLE , DIS PAIR OF SHOES IS DA BEST PAIR OF SHOES YOU WILL EVA BUY , I LOOK EVA SO PIMP IN EM ' , I BRING ALL DA LADIES TO DA COURT , AND THEY LOVE DA WAY I PLAY BASKETBALL , I REALLY RECCOMENDATIZZAL THAT YOU BUY THESE SHOES FOR RIZZAL , AND WHEN YOU DO BUY DA P.I.M.P SHOES , ALL THE LADIES WILL BE ASKIN YOU RO SHIZZAL WITH YO NIZZAL , PEACE TO THE BROTHAS IN DA HOOD WHO HAVE DA T MACS , SIGHNED , YO MAMMA .
 This is a great shoe . Looks nice and very durable . Perfect for a rough and tumble little boy !
 Nice shoes . My son , age 3 , has flat feet and since he has started wearing these shoes at the advice of my pediatrician he has stopped complaining of his feet hurting .
 It is a good quality shoes . For our toddler , wide size would 've been better .
 My son wears shoes out fairly quickly and these are holding up well to all an almost 3 year old can dish out . The velcro also makes it possible for him to dress himself , which he likes , and provides a good fit .
 My son was born with `` fat '' feet ... girth and width . I have only found one shoe brand that he seems to be comfortable in and that 's Stride Rite ! They have wide and double wide widths ! They are well worth the money you pay to have your tot 's wide feet comfy and not squished ! These shoes have also withstood toddler torture of rain , mud , and general wear and are still well put together . Even from being washed !
 I found these wedges to be as comfortable as they are pretty.They are very well made and the beading is on very securely . They are very eye catching !
 Buying shoes online is a daunting task and it 's hard to tell what 's the best deal . Here are my impressions about these shoes and I hope there is something in the review that will help you decide . I was looking for hiking shoes but also something I could wear every day and these fit the bill nicely.The good
 I 've tried a lot of hiking boots and shoes and none have topped this Vasque . Sticky on a wide variety of surfaces , good support , and very lightweight.The best thing about this shoe is that it seems to fit just perfectly . That being said , the numerical sizes are a bit optimistic -LRB- like Reebok sizes , in my opinion -RRB- . Maybe subtract 1/2 size to get your fit.Being that this is a great shoe , I sure hope it does n't get discontinued or tweaked into something less good just for a `` refresh '' . I 've hiked with this shoe in Iceland , the eastern US , central america and now I 'll be buying another pair for an Africa trip.Highly recommended !
 Let me start off by saying WOW . These shoes are sooo unbelivable its not funny . The bulit in sock gives you better ankel support and the laces never come un-tied . The style of this shoe is amazing . I give who ever made this shoe a 50 out of 10 . I have played ball with a pair of T-Mac 2s and it feels as if you are wearing socs . The material it is made out of must be very light . The cusioning inside the shoe is has so much comfort it feels as if you are playing ball in a pair of fluffy socks . The non-marking sole is sweet too if you want to playing on or off the court . If you are playing off court , you never scuff your shoes . These shoes are amazing !!
 You have to definently get these shoes because they are the best shoes out there at this moment.Their nice looking , durable , and well worth -LSB- the money -RSB- . If you are looking for basketball shoes or even shoes to just wear around you must get these .
 PEOPLE , DIS PAIR OF SHOES IS DA BEST PAIR OF SHOES YOU WILL EVA BUY , I LOOK EVA SO PIMP IN EM ' , I BRING ALL DA LADIES TO DA COURT , AND THEY LOVE DA WAY I PLAY BASKETBALL , I REALLY RECCOMENDATIZZAL THAT YOU BUY THESE SHOES FOR RIZZAL , AND WHEN YOU DO BUY DA P.I.M.P SHOES , ALL THE LADIES WILL BE ASKIN YOU RO SHIZZAL WITH YO NIZZAL , PEACE TO THE BROTHAS IN DA HOOD WHO HAVE DA T MACS , SIGHNED , YO MAMMA .
 They are stylish and comfortable . I l walk quite a bit through city streets to catch my train and these boots are perfect for that . They are also nice and warm for those foggy San Francisco mornings ... and afternoons ... and evenings : -RRB-
 I was not sure if I would like these boots but when they arrived I immediately knew for sure that I loved them . I ordered these a half a size bigger as I noticed a reviewer stating they were a snug fit . I am very glad that I did order them a half size bigger as they do fit snug and just right . I love the quality of the suede and the buttery soft leather that looks aged just right with the wonderful creases in the leather . These boots felt like they were made for me custom and I just did not want to take them off . The heel is nice and low but still is sexy and so a sexy comfortable boot is the ultimate purchase ! Buy them
 Just received these boots - they fit well and are excellent quality . They run true to size and are well made , attractive and warm .
 Nice boots . The shafts are lined with fuzzy stuff , but not the foot , which seems weird . They are very comfortable and true to size .
 I love my new Rockport Boots . I have them in dark brown . It is perfectly fit for me and the price is a steal . Also , I am surprised that shipment is only one day . Thanks Amazon . This is my first time order online with Amazon . Great Job !
 I happened upon these by chance for a gift for my 13 yo daughter for Christmas . She absolutely loves them ! The only problems are that one of the rivets on the inside of the shoe is bent already and pokes her in the foot . Also , one of the peace sign patches is already lifting . I sent an email to amazon but did not have the order # handy . They responded but could not help without the number . I have yet to get back with them which is my fault . Overall , for the length of time that she will fit into these I think they will be ok .
 I happened upon these by chance for a gift for my 13 yo daughter for Christmas . She absolutely loves them ! The only problems are that one of the rivets on the inside of the shoe is bent already and pokes her in the foot . Also , one of the peace sign patches is already lifting . I sent an email to amazon but did not have the order # handy . They responded but could not help without the number . I have yet to get back with them which is my fault . Overall , for the length of time that she will fit into these I think they will be ok .
 Let me start off by saying WOW . These shoes are sooo unbelivable its not funny . The bulit in sock gives you better ankel support and the laces never come un-tied . The style of this shoe is amazing . I give who ever made this shoe a 50 out of 10 . I have played ball with a pair of T-Mac 2s and it feels as if you are wearing socs . The material it is made out of must be very light . The cusioning inside the shoe is has so much comfort it feels as if you are playing ball in a pair of fluffy socks . The non-marking sole is sweet too if you want to playing on or off the court . If you are playing off court , you never scuff your shoes . These shoes are amazing !!
 You have to definently get these shoes because they are the best shoes out there at this moment.Their nice looking , durable , and well worth -LSB- the money -RSB- . If you are looking for basketball shoes or even shoes to just wear around you must get these .
 PEOPLE , DIS PAIR OF SHOES IS DA BEST PAIR OF SHOES YOU WILL EVA BUY , I LOOK EVA SO PIMP IN EM ' , I BRING ALL DA LADIES TO DA COURT , AND THEY LOVE DA WAY I PLAY BASKETBALL , I REALLY RECCOMENDATIZZAL THAT YOU BUY THESE SHOES FOR RIZZAL , AND WHEN YOU DO BUY DA P.I.M.P SHOES , ALL THE LADIES WILL BE ASKIN YOU RO SHIZZAL WITH YO NIZZAL , PEACE TO THE BROTHAS IN DA HOOD WHO HAVE DA T MACS , SIGHNED , YO MAMMA .
 Let me start off by saying WOW . These shoes are sooo unbelivable its not funny . The bulit in sock gives you better ankel support and the laces never come un-tied . The style of this shoe is amazing . I give who ever made this shoe a 50 out of 10 . I have played ball with a pair of T-Mac 2s and it feels as if you are wearing socs . The material it is made out of must be very light . The cusioning inside the shoe is has so much comfort it feels as if you are playing ball in a pair of fluffy socks . The non-marking sole is sweet too if you want to playing on or off the court . If you are playing off court , you never scuff your shoes . These shoes are amazing !!
 You have to definently get these shoes because they are the best shoes out there at this moment.Their nice looking , durable , and well worth -LSB- the money -RSB- . If you are looking for basketball shoes or even shoes to just wear around you must get these .
 PEOPLE , DIS PAIR OF SHOES IS DA BEST PAIR OF SHOES YOU WILL EVA BUY , I LOOK EVA SO PIMP IN EM ' , I BRING ALL DA LADIES TO DA COURT , AND THEY LOVE DA WAY I PLAY BASKETBALL , I REALLY RECCOMENDATIZZAL THAT YOU BUY THESE SHOES FOR RIZZAL , AND WHEN YOU DO BUY DA P.I.M.P SHOES , ALL THE LADIES WILL BE ASKIN YOU RO SHIZZAL WITH YO NIZZAL , PEACE TO THE BROTHAS IN DA HOOD WHO HAVE DA T MACS , SIGHNED , YO MAMMA .
 Let me start off by saying WOW . These shoes are sooo unbelivable its not funny . The bulit in sock gives you better ankel support and the laces never come un-tied . The style of this shoe is amazing . I give who ever made this shoe a 50 out of 10 . I have played ball with a pair of T-Mac 2s and it feels as if you are wearing socs . The material it is made out of must be very light . The cusioning inside the shoe is has so much comfort it feels as if you are playing ball in a pair of fluffy socks . The non-marking sole is sweet too if you want to playing on or off the court . If you are playing off court , you never scuff your shoes . These shoes are amazing !!
 You have to definently get these shoes because they are the best shoes out there at this moment.Their nice looking , durable , and well worth -LSB- the money -RSB- . If you are looking for basketball shoes or even shoes to just wear around you must get these .
 PEOPLE , DIS PAIR OF SHOES IS DA BEST PAIR OF SHOES YOU WILL EVA BUY , I LOOK EVA SO PIMP IN EM ' , I BRING ALL DA LADIES TO DA COURT , AND THEY LOVE DA WAY I PLAY BASKETBALL , I REALLY RECCOMENDATIZZAL THAT YOU BUY THESE SHOES FOR RIZZAL , AND WHEN YOU DO BUY DA P.I.M.P SHOES , ALL THE LADIES WILL BE ASKIN YOU RO SHIZZAL WITH YO NIZZAL , PEACE TO THE BROTHAS IN DA HOOD WHO HAVE DA T MACS , SIGHNED , YO MAMMA .
 I have had this boot for about four years now and I could not be happier . They are very comfortable as well as durable . I have put about 300-400 miles on them and the treads are not new , but they have held up well . The calfskin lining is one of the features that drew me to buy this boot in the first place . When you wear these boots with a good pair of smartwool socks , they wick away the moisture so fast and efficiently that you really wo n't even be able to tell that your feet are sweating . I would recommend this boot to anyone that goes on extended trips of 3 days or more , mostly because they are a little pricey if you are just the ocassional weekend hiker .
 Excellent product ; arrived on time . Best brand of safety shoe on the market . Will purchase again if these ever wear out . This shoe needs to be made in women 's sizes .
 This is my second pair of Timberland Pro Titan Hikers . They are rugged , good looking , and quite comfortable for steel-toed work boots . My only complaint is that the laces hooks at the top were too closed and fairly quickly wore-out the original laces . The replacements I bought are a little thinner , and that seems to have solved the problem .
 Great boot . It is not oil resistant and if you work in and around hydrocarbons of any kind -LRB- like on an oil rig -RRB- the rubber on the soles wears out very quickly and falls apart . Found that they last about 2-3 months in this environment . I simply buy another pair since they are so comfortable .
 I am very happy with the purchase . I recommend.The only thing that I did n't like is that in the detectors of metal of the airports , he '' whistles '' . There the way is to remove it .
 They are excellent quality . I just love them . They also match with all my daughter clothe . I will need a bigger size soon !
 Saw them in a GQ ad for Bloomingdales the other day , I paid a hundred for them on Amazon and I 'm sure Bloomies is charging twice as much for them . Too nice to use as gardening boots .
 The Wellington boots were a present for my son . He was very delighted with them . They came in a very timely manner which delighted me as they were a Christmas present .
 The boots are exactly what my husband wanted . The fit was perfect ! They came wrapped in clear plastic wrap , not great for a surprise gift !!!
 I have worn Wellies for many years . Usually in green . This time , I decided to go for some color and love the red!Wellies are excellent for any type of outdoor work from gardening , to mucking out barns and sheds ... even for a walk in the woods . They are large enough around the calf to allow pants to be tucked in . The buckle at the top allows you to cinch them closed in order to try to keep things out -LRB- straw , leaves , etc. -RRB- . The optional liners are wonderful and easy to wash . Keep feet warm and dry which is a nice thing during Autumn and Winter!I recommend the Hunter line because of the excellent quality - they will last for years and years with proper care .
 From a farm to the city , my feet where never wet , cold or out of style ...
 Excellant . I am a size 9.5 to a 10 . I bought a size 9 and it 's perfect even with the socks in .
 Goes with anything ... very comfy and durable . Recommend going down a half size even with thick socks on . Love these boots !
 These so are so wonderful yet practical . They keep your feet very warm , even in very cold , wet weather ! I absolutely love these boots and wish I had every color . I feel like I can wear them with anything ! I highly recommend them if you live in a rainy , cold climate during winter months .
 I absolutely love my new boots . I do have one issue - when i received them they looked as if they had mud on the bottom . I looked and it did n't look like anyone had worn them before , but I could n't understand how there would be dried dirt on the bottom of the boots . I shrugged it off because I could n't notice anything else wrong with them . I still really like them and would n't trade them in .
 I placed an order for my Hunter boots from a department store . Sadly , the department store emailed a cancellation notice stating that the item was no longer available in the color and size I wanted . Lucky for me , my daughter introduced me to Amazon.com . Not only was Amazon.com able to supply me with exactly what I wanted , but I saved about $ 50 , received exactly what I wanted , ordering was easy , and delivery time was quick . Thanks Amazon.com , I now know where to shop first !
 I love these boots . They 're tall and snug at the calf but still easy to get on and off . We live where there are no sidewalks and I wear them every day while walking the dogs . They save my feet and clothes from getting wet . Well worth the money .
 These boots run big so order down a size . I had read a review that had mentioned that and I am glad I did . However , after gaining some weight they are beginning to get tight around the calves . So if you have bigger calves this is not the boot for you.As far as function goes , they do exactly what they are suppose to do ; keep your feet dry and warm . I would definitely purchase this item again .
 It does n't rain very often in Los Angeles , but when it does , it sucks because the bottom of my jeans get wet , even just getting in and out of my car . I first wore these when I had to go to Cape Cod for a week in June , and it was raining every day . So , I wore these every day , even inside -LRB- there were spiders in the house I was working in -RRB- . These are sooo comfortable and I did n't even need to wear skinny jeans in order to tuck jeans into them . Love that they look like my horseback riding boots !
 I purchased these as a surprise gift for my daughter , living in Chicago . She was thrilled , and wears them every day on her walk to her commute on the train or bus . They are stylish and practical . She would NEVER wear boots as a child !
 I own 3 pairs of Hunter 's , and will never stop wearing them . I get more use of of these than any of my other shoes living in Pittsburgh where rain is frequent and snow is harsh . These are both stylish AND durable -- quality rain boots if you ask me . I 'd say that these boots run a little big , however if you 're going to put either a liner or wear heavy socks with them -LRB- highly recommended -RRB- , I 'd go with your normal size . I 'm not a fan of the liners that Hunter makes -LRB- I find them a bit tacky looking -RRB- , but high wool socks will definitely do the trick in cold rain or snow . If you 're looking for a fashionable rain boot that will last you forever -LRB- literally -RRB- BUY these ! They are so easy to clean and also very convenient for walks to work in the rain/snow . I get compliments every time I wear these!Also an FYI
 Even though I am short -LRB- 4 ' 10 '' -RRB- and my tall red Wellies come up to my knees , I love wearing them . Since it is winter , I have been wearing them with tall , wool ski socks when walking my dog in open space , and they keep the snow out . Also , these boots are super for standing in and shoveling deep snow drifts off the deck . I can hardly wait to try them out in the mud !
 Easy to slip on and off , they wear well , they wash well -LRB- just wipe off with damp towel -RRB- . Oh , and they 're comfortable ! I once hiked two miles in them . If you 're looking for a well made , water proof garden/mud boot , look no further . Hunter is the best .
 Hunter wellies are simply the best . They are now more comfy and well fitting than ever before . The must-have accessory for the rain in the streets of New York City .
 Getting ready to order my first pair of Hunter boots on Amazon , was a bit put off by some of the reviews -LRB- poor quality , leaking -RRB- but decided to go ahead with the purchase , because my mother has had a pair for years . At check out , the shipping was $ 50 ! So I went straight to the Hunter Boots website , ordered them -LRB- $ 125 -RRB- , shipping was $ 12 , and if I have any problems , I can go straight to the Hunter folks . I LOVE Amazon for most things , but if you 're hesitant at all , order straight from the Hunter site .
 This is a nice rain boot . My only complaint is that it is a little on the snug side around the calf -LRB- and I do not have huge calves -RRB- , so it wo n't be easy to tuck anything looser/thicker than substantial leggings into these . Aside from that , very comfortable and nice quality .
 I really like the shoe , however , it is wide at the heel . I use an insert in the shoe and it works well . Good looking shoe with very soft leather .
 THESE REVIEWS ARE SUPPOSED TO BE ABOUT THE PRODUCT - NOT THE SELLER ! SO DISREGARD THE PREVIOUS 2 REVIEWS ! ALL PROPET SHOES ARE FABULOUS ! QUALITY & COMFORT ! AND NO - I 'M NOT AFFILIATED WITH PROPET IN ANY WAY ! JUST AN EXTREMELY SATISFIED CUSTOMER OF ALL PROPET SHOES FOR 8 YEARS NOW : -RRB-
 I happened upon these by chance for a gift for my 13 yo daughter for Christmas . She absolutely loves them ! The only problems are that one of the rivets on the inside of the shoe is bent already and pokes her in the foot . Also , one of the peace sign patches is already lifting . I sent an email to amazon but did not have the order # handy . They responded but could not help without the number . I have yet to get back with them which is my fault . Overall , for the length of time that she will fit into these I think they will be ok .
 I really like the shoe , however , it is wide at the heel . I use an insert in the shoe and it works well . Good looking shoe with very soft leather .
 THESE REVIEWS ARE SUPPOSED TO BE ABOUT THE PRODUCT - NOT THE SELLER ! SO DISREGARD THE PREVIOUS 2 REVIEWS ! ALL PROPET SHOES ARE FABULOUS ! QUALITY & COMFORT ! AND NO - I 'M NOT AFFILIATED WITH PROPET IN ANY WAY ! JUST AN EXTREMELY SATISFIED CUSTOMER OF ALL PROPET SHOES FOR 8 YEARS NOW : -RRB-
 Bag was made well . Looked exactly like photo no hidden surprises . Wrapped in plastic and clean . Very pleased and so was the receipient .
 I bought this for my Grandaughter and she loves it for using for an overnight bag or for carrying her Barbee Dolls to dress-up parties . A good gift choice .
 I just got these shoes - the soles are uncomfortable , but they were on $ 13 and they look pretty nice - a good deal on a shoe you will just wear every once in a while for the looks .
 My daughter was so thrilled to receive these wonderful shoes for christmas this year . They were different and that is why she liked them . They came in perfect shape and I could n't ask for it to have been a better experience . Thank you so much !
 I absolutely love these sneakers . They are almost perfect for active boys like my little one because they are flexible and comfortable . That they 're so stylish also makes them wearable to almost anywhere . I 'm always getting comments by other parents at kids ' birthday parties that we attend . If your first priority for the little one is comfort , then that 's covered .
 The fit is a little larger than true to size . I would have almost gone a size smaller had I known . I would say that they are designed for bottom heavy body types -LRB- wider hips and fuller bottom -RRB- and I am not that type so a medium would have probably been a bit more flattering in the backside ... but they are just for lounging around and working out , so I am not that worried about it ... and just for the record , they are not hideously unflattering , I would have returned them if they were , this is for sizing information only . the look is great and they are really comfy !
 I grab these capris over many others that I own , because of their comfort , and looks . The only thing I do n't like is the waist . They could be a little higher . They definitely fall below the navel . I just wear a jersey out , over top , when I have them on . I would buy another pair though because of the fit elsewhere .
 My daughter was so thrilled to receive these wonderful shoes for christmas this year . They were different and that is why she liked them . They came in perfect shape and I could n't ask for it to have been a better experience . Thank you so much !
 TRUE TO SIZE , LOOKS CUTE WITH DRESSY PANTS OR JEANS . . NOT TOO HIGH . . A LITTLE TIGHT AROUND THE TOES . . BUT I HAVE WIDE FEET . . VERY CUTE ! . . I GOT THE BLACK . .
 I was looking for a slightly dressier , wedge heeled shoe in brown , but everything I found was either uncomfortably high or too chunky . I saw this shoe at a Nine West store , but they only had sizes 6.5 and 7.5 . After trying both sizes , I realized the 7 would be perfect . I was happy to find them here at a good price with free shipping . Once I got them , I realized they 're exactly what I wanted - easy to walk in , the peep toe has a 40 's feel , and they look equally great with the dress I had in mind to wear them with or with dark jeans or dress pants .
 The boots are good for the price . They are soft and comfortable , though it 's not a genuine leather , and I am not sure I could wear them under the rain . The sizing is right . The embellishment looks good . Arrived on time . Customer service works great . When I have questions and contacted to them , they replied immediately and were helpful .
 I ordered this for my son because he loves anything that 's from Pixar/Disney / and most importantly cars . He looks so adorable in his slippers but they are slightly frumpy and he does n't keep them on his feet or else I would have given them 5 stars . Instead , he tries to drive them around the house , lol.I would recommend these if your child does n't have a passionate love of cars and could actually keep the slippers on his feet .
 I bought these slippers for my 4 1/2 year old grandson . They fit perfectly and he loves them . They seem to be of good quality , and I think will hold up well .
 I was soooo tickled pink with my pink Nellie Chukka boots . I saw them on the web page and I had to have them . Pink is my favorite color . They are extremely well made . They did n't need breaking in either . That is a major plus . They fit perfectly . Also they arrived in record time except it was like waiting for Christmas . I love them so much it is all I can do not to wear them to bed . :--RRB- I want several more pairs . I am waiting for them to be available in red leather .
 I recently bought 2 pairs of Nellie Chukka Timerlands in colour Wheat.I received 2 pairs of nellie Chukka Timerlands in colour Wheat White.when requesting the colour on the order form , you have 2 options for wheat . The option for Wheat White is not separate from regular wheat.I am now stuck with 2 pairs of the wrong colour . I live in Ireland and therefore would be very expensive for me to send them back to you.I am very dissapointed with my purchases . Unless you can rectify the situation for me I will not be recommending your service to family and friends.Thanking youRachel Costello
 My daughter was so thrilled to receive these wonderful shoes for christmas this year . They were different and that is why she liked them . They came in perfect shape and I could n't ask for it to have been a better experience . Thank you so much !
 This was the second purchase of this syle shoe through Amazon . It just happened to be that this shoe was a different color . Ialso bought this model because it was priced right and it looked good . When I actually put the pair on , besides looking good , I was pleasantly surprised to discover they were also extremely comfortable . They fit like a glove . And , as flexible as they were , there was enough support for me , which I needed . So , all in all , this was another good purchase .
 This shoe is very comfortable and styled differently than any other shoe I 've seen . I bought the black -LRB- brown suede trim -RRB- , and the brown with olive mesh . My only complaint is that because they have a padded lining , and mostly leather uppers , they do n't breathe well . My feet feel somewhat clammy .
 These shoes are beautiful and they fit great . I am definitely going to buy these in a bigger size for my son to have next year .
 My daughter was so thrilled to receive these wonderful shoes for christmas this year . They were different and that is why she liked them . They came in perfect shape and I could n't ask for it to have been a better experience . Thank you so much !
 My daughter was so thrilled to receive these wonderful shoes for christmas this year . They were different and that is why she liked them . They came in perfect shape and I could n't ask for it to have been a better experience . Thank you so much !
 I got these for use in BJJ just to avoid getting another case of Impetigo which I had one from dirty mats . I got size 11 which is usually perfect for me , but these were pretty tight , but that I guess is by design because they totally support your feet all the way to the ankle . And the grip they give is great , it feels like cheating to be able to grip so easily.Recommended .
 My boyfriend really loves these sandals . He said that they were the most comfortable sandal he has worn as well as easy to break in . He normally wears Birkenstocks so I got these for him as a change up . I have been wearing Reef sandals for about 6 years and I just love them ... they last forever .
 This is my second pair of Reef Fanning slippers/flip flops . I first bought a pair when I lived in Maui and they felt solid the moment I tried them on . They have great support -LRB- not the flat feel that most flip flops have -RRB- . If you 're looking for good sturdy , fashionable flip flops , you 'll do well to get any of the Reef Fanning slippers that suite your tastes . Mine are the black and silver . The ` church key ' on the bottom is a fun addition and could come in handy . A-Plus !
 Double stiched soft uppers very well made with durable sole ; I got a kick out of the bottle opener , Yes built into the sole . Picture a gel insert built into the heel & thier very light . But impossibly comfortable I think was the description -LRB- and I 'm probably asking too much -RRB- is the reason I didnt give them four stars . I dont forget I have them on . Which if they made half sizes would be better .
 I like these flip flops because they have good heal support . They are VERY expensive in the stores , so the Amazon price is really good . I could do without the built-in bottle opener , which I was n't expecting , but it does n't affect the comfort .
 Every spring , I bought flip-flops . After a while , they squished down , and my back would start to hurt . I asked myself , why are there not good quality sandles on the market ? Well , I asked around and got good comments on Reef sandles , so I took the plunge , spent the extra money , and I am so happy now . I 'm embarrassed to say that I weigh close to 400 pounds . Long story , etc. . . but , after 4 months of use , these Reef sandles look like new ! I expect to get at least 2 years out of them . Hey , spend $ 5 on flip flops and throw them out in September . Or buy quality and enjoy them for years . The bottle opener has come in handy too !
 These are my second pair of Reef Fanning sandals , my last ones lasted over 6 years . They have an outstanding build quality and finish . No loose threads or bad rubber here . Reefs are by far and away the most comfortable sandals I have ever worn . They do have a bit of a `` break in '' period though , so if they do n't feel amazing when you first put them on give it a little time.The bottle opener feature is what sold me on these last time , and I can report it works excellent . That being said do not , repeat , DO NOT try to open a beer with them still on your foot . Not only do you risk breaking the beer bottle or shaking the hell out of it in the process , you will look a complete idiot . Take the sandal off , use like a regular bottle opener , put sandal back on foot . Repeat as needed .
 This is my second pair of Reef Sandals . They 're extremely comfortable , light , and the bottle opener underneath the sandal is a great touch - BUT it tends to catch dirt & rocks and needs to be cleaned frequently . I wear them almost every day -LRB- you should see my tan lines ! -RRB- For the price , I can afford to buy a few pairs a year - and that 's good , because they are n't as durable as they should be . My first pair lasted 7 months when the piece that goes between your toes pulled up from the rest of the sandal . Reef claims to have a 6 month warranty , but I sent them the receipt and they still instructed me to return the sandals -LRB- at my expense -RRB- . As of yet , I have no replacement but I 'm hopeful that they will send me a new pair , and they did e-mail that they were processing my claim as quickly as possible -LRB- it 's been 10 days since they received them -RRB- . Given that in the past I 've purchased Tommy Bahama sandals -LRB- over $ 100 -RRB- that also only last 4-7 months , I 'm a Reef convert . If I do find a brand that is as comfortable , reasonably priced & more durable -- I 'll go that route . But until then Reef 's my choice.I do want to make clear that I am what the manufacturer would probably consider a very heavy user . I wear sandals every day all day in summer - these are n't weekend beach shoes for me .
 These sandals are great ! They held up well for the first few weeks , as I did a lot of walking . Also did n't mind getting wet . I bottle opener comes in handy too !
 I have been looking for a pair of sandals/flip-flops like this for a long time . They are very comfortable and well built . I have recommended these to a handful of my friends who wear sandals/flip flops .
 Excelente regalo , c&oacute;modas , suaves , de buena calidad , se ajustan perfectamente al pie , el destapador de botellas es un buen valor agregado
 I used to wear Reefs in Hawaii and am now wearing them in Redwood City . They are non-slip and comfortable .
 I love these Sandals . I literally have worn out 2 pair in the last 3 yeras i wear them so much . Even up here in the Tundra of Minnesota .
 This year I changed from jeans and tennis shoes to shorts and sandals . My wife said I should try it . Might loosen me up a bit . I was wary of relying on sandals for daily wear because I 've never had a pair I liked much . I do n't like the feeling of pretending to have prehensile toes , constantly clinched to hold the sandals in place . I like to be active and sandals never fit the bill . Most of all , I prefer the comfort of real shoe inner soles rather than the hard pan platform of regular sandals . Well , let me say this , these Reef 's are the most comfortable properly fitting casual sandal I can imagine . Except for doing chores in my rubber boots , these are my new &#34; go to &#34; footwear choice . Best decision my wife ever made ... in footwear .
 All the men in my family love these sandals , and this is the only place I can get them at a slightly discounted rate . Very happy with the purchase !
 I 've had several pairs of Reef flip-flops and have loved every one . My husband has really wide feet so it takes a couple wears for him to stretch them out like he likes , but after that they work perfectly .
 these are the best flip flops u can buy for 50 bucks . super comfortable and supportive . they take a couple weeks to break in but when they do they are great . very sturdy and dont slip easily . plus everyone gets a kick out of the bottle opener . my first pair lasted me about 5 years and these are the only shoes i wear in the summer .
 Love the style , love the color . They go with &#34; anything &#34; and any &#34; color &#34; . The air heel really makes a difference especially when you 're doing a lot of walking .
 These are comfortable , high-quality , attractive , and relatively inexpensive for how often you 'll end up wearing them and how many miles you 'll put on them .
 Most comfortable pair I 've owned . The bands on top did n't stretch out much which I like and these are made more for people with slender feet , which I also like . The bottle opener on the bottom actually came in handy more time than I thought . I wear them every where in the summer .
 Fast shipping -LRB- Amazon Prime -RRB- and perfect packaging . These thongs are awesome ! They fit just perfect -LRB- size 15 medium -RRB- and are very comfortable . I just hope they last ...
 I ordered these sandals after seeing all of the great reviews , and I would agree with the reviews , they are very comfortable sandals . When I ordered them I did not realize how utilitarian they were , once I opened up the box I saw what looked like a metal clip on the sole of the shoe , then I read some of the tags , and found out its a bottle opener ! Good stuff !
 These are replacing a pair that I had to retire after 6 years . Love the built in bottle opener . Love the comfort !!
 Reef flip flops for the most comfortable I 've ever worn . there is only flops I wear and they out last any other 2 to 1
 Very comfortable and more sturdy than many of the other flops last me a good 6 months , even if you have really wide feet they will still work out fine as well.however the treed is really hard to keep white
 I have several pairs of Reef sandals . They really are the most comfortable sandals I 've ever worn . Very stylish too . The Fanning style is as formal as a sandal can get . Highly recommended .
 Comfortable shoes are hard to find for diabetic feet . After 25 years it has become abundently clear that less is more for comfort on my feet . The air soles are a God send for heel comfort . The memory innersole molds to my feet . For me , they are really worth the mony . Amazon has enough of these shoes on sale , so that I can keep supplied without breaking tht bank . I own 6 pairs presently ! !!
 Very nice leather version of a classic . significant savings over surf shops for same sandal . Needed a couple of weeks to break in , but now very comfortable , and I always have a bottle opener on hand -LRB- or under foot , whatever -RRB- .
 Good flip flop at a better price than on the Reef site . Of course the bottle opener is a fun feature
 These sandals arrived on time and they are exactly what they said it would be like . The price was perfect . Bought these for my husband who lives in them because he said they are so comfortable and they look very stylish too . Would definitely be buying another pair soon .
 I love reefs . I had the same one before and it lasted me 6 years , it did n't break , but it looked raggedy so I bought a new one . Its long lasting plus having a bottle opener is a bonus . Great sandals .
 these are the best sandals ive had , without a doubt . . great on the beach and around the house
 I walk heavy on the heel and I can blow out the heel on an average pair of sandals in a matter of weeks . I am not convinced that there is actually air in these heels but either way they are super sturdy . This is the 3rd pair of Fannings I have bought and I will never buy a different pair of sandals ever . This particular pair , the dark brown , has warn a little quicker in the heel and toe that previous pairs I have owned but I have also worn the S$ % t out of these . Seriously , during the summer I wear them every day and for the most part these are bullet proof , and super comfortable.Thats why I keep buying them ...
 i live in Hawaii and wear these everyday ; they are very comfortable and the beer opener is more useful than i thought it would be .
 I recently got these sandals for my husband and he absolutely loves them ! We live in Hawaii and wear sandals/flip-flops all year round , so he wanted something really confy and durable that he could wear to work and to the beach . He said that after trying these pair he will never go back to any other brand or style . The band around the heal glows in the dark which makes them look extra cool !! Aloha : -RRB-
 This item is just on a class by itself . Durable and comfortable.I would give 6 stars if I could .
 I purchased for my 14 year old grandson , who thought they were very cool , especially the church key in the sole ... his Dad wanted a pair too ... and they are on order
 My college kid loves them but one of his friends wasnt too sure about using the opener since it comes from the bottom of the flop
 Well worth the money.Will last a lot longer than the regular flip flops.Would reccommend to anyone .
 Product as described . Bottle opener works well . Probably not the most sanitary way to go , but the beer kills all the germs ... right ?
 I was very happy with the fast service I received and the gift was received with much surprise as it has a can opener on the bottom of the shoe . I continue to use Amazon because i have never had any bad service yet . !!
 This is my second pair of Reef Men 's Fanning Sandals . I love them so much that after I got them I showed them to some friends and they loved them so I ordered 3 more pair . Two for Christmas Presents and another pair for myself . They are comfortable right from the start . The bottle opener is great !
 IN SHORT - > COMFORTABLE AS MATTRESS . * Very comfortable * High quality * Visible air cushion in the heel * DurableI had severe pain -LRB- something like plantar fasciitis and could not even stand for 5 minutes -RRB- , going for shopping with wife or any outing or just simple walking or even standing was a big torture only until I started wearing this.RECOMMENDED 1000 TIMES .
 This purchase makes these sandals my 3rd exact pair of this model and color . I purchased my 1st pair of Fannings back in 2005 , and have never purchased another brand since ... dead serious ... The only reason I purchase new ones every 2 to 3 years because I tend to be really rough on my sandals , and after a few years they can look a little aged cosmetically and my wife suggests I replace them so that I can wear them out to dinner , vacations , etc. . . I still keep my old pairs for around the house and yard work flips . You will not be dissapointed , if you are reading this trying to decide whether to purchase these sandals . They are ultra comfy , stylish , durable , well balanced , and the list could go on and on . I even got my Dad hooked on them , and he is a cheap skate !
 They are best described as an extension of your feet . These are awesome shoes for everyday use or even when just taking the trash out . The best part about these sandals is that the toe strap does n't irritate your feet between the toe and second toe like others do . I walked across the Walnut Street Bridge in Chattanooga back and forth a few times , and can just say for 12 year old sandals , they are superb for walking and do n't hold sweat at all . I swear by them . I do not think they are the best looking . I personally prefer the newOakley Hypercoil LX Men 's Sandal Casual Footwear - Chocolate / Size 10.0 , but would not purchase them because the toe strap looks like it would irritate your skin after a far walk on a hot day . Overall , a very rugged shoe that will last you a good 10 years .
 This is my third pair of Reef Fannings . I got these because I lost my last ones , so someone else gets to enjoy them . They are excellent sandals and I would n't consider another type . The foot support and build quality are really what set these apart .
 I got these sandals because my boyfriend had them and they 're awesome . Super comfortable , and who could complain about the bottle opener on the bottom ? Refrained from buying one of the girl 's options because the colors are n't so great . These sandals are seriously great , though .
 I had been wearing Reef 's flip-flops for years but different kinds , wich ever they had available at my local store . My wife got me two pairs of Fanning 's a yer ago , I have to say i was not very impressed with them , but as soon as I putted them on , that was it ! I just bough my third pair and I am not planning to get any other kind , the cushion is the best !! I am 240 lbs . so that extra is a must for me !!
 Very comfortable and great looking sandal would buy this product again.Nice support and the sole has a nice grip which you do n't get with most flip flops .
 Several years ago someone left a pair of these men 's sandals out on the sidewalk with a sign marked `` free . '' They were brand new and a little large , however , men 's shoes fit my 10 wide feet better . Familiar with pro surfer Mick Fanning and being a surfing fiend I grabbed them ! I still wear that pair every day as beat up as they are because they 're as advertised , `` Ridiculously comfortable . '' 'T was time to get a backup pair . The price for these here was extremely reasonable . I ordered the exact same size as the old pair . Tighter more supportive fit than the old ones . Things like dog poo will caught under the bottle opener so you may want to reconsider using it for that -LSB- opening bottles , not picking up dog poo -RSB- . The arch support is incredible . No chaffing or any soreness after running , walking , or standing for long periods . Simply a long lasting quality product at a good price . Arrived on time , with all tags , in perfect condition .
 I boughy these sandals for both of my boys . They are more then just sandals . They are very comfortable and supportive . Would recomend the highly
 This is my 12th pair of Mick Fanning Reefs . I do n't care about the bottle opener novelty . These are just the most comfy Reef style they make . After about 2 years they go &#34; flat &#34; so I generally buy 1 pair of brown and 1 pair of black about every 2 years . Be careful with the metal &#34; key &#34; bottle opener on bar stools , etc. as they will scrape the surface .
 I love this brand , very confortable , defenitely I will bought another one for my wife and my son.Highly recommended.Thanks a lot .
 I got these for my guy -LRB- for Xmas -RRB- who loves them . He had a pair from last season and wore them just about every day -LRB- we 're lake people -RRB- . They look great and he loves how comfortable they are on his feet.The Reef 's signature bottle opener underneath ? OK it 's a conversation piece , most beverages have twist off caps , who uses a bottle opener these days ? Still , I ca n't tell you how many people notice it when he crosses his legs and comment on it.All in all , we both love these flip flops , they are WELL made and have recommended them to friends dozens of times .
 Most comfortable pair of flip flops I have ever owned . I would highly recommend them -LRB- and have -RRB- to anyone . Worth every penny !
 I bought these for my husband for Christmas . He 's not one to wear flip-flops , EVER . He put these on and his face lit-up . He still does not believe how comfortable they are . The Nike air-insole feels heavenly and the thong between the toes is cushioned . They 're also great for me because underneath each shoe is a bottle opener !!!! Do n't know how I 'll feel about him opening my beverage after a walk on the beach , buy hey , open enough of them and I wo n't care : - -RRB-
 I have had these sandals for a month now and all I could say is that they were worth it ! I bought them mainly because of my plantar fasciitis and it has helped with reducing heel and sole pain . They provide great comfort and I am very pleased with the product !
 These flip flops serve their purpose well . They are sturdy , comfortable and the bottle opener on the bottom is a very handy feature and quite a conversation piece . Unlike many other pairs of lesser flip flops I 've had in recent years , these do have a sturdier sole whick prevents you from feeling every little pebble you may walk over . As they form to your feet they do offer support as well . The design of the sole also allows all day comfort to wear all day on long walks . Although I still do have a hard time spending over $ 35 plus dollars for a pair of flip flops , these shouls last longer than one season of heavy use .
 I bought this sandal as a replacement of my old Reef sandal with the flask . Overtime the flask broke down and all the plastic broke out and so I was tired of the `` Crunch '' with every step . Enter the Men 's Fanning sandal , with the standard bottle opener in the sole I knew I would never hear `` crunch '' again . The break in period lasted maybe 4 uses and now they glide on and off . Fit is good . I 'm a 7.5 -8 in mens and bought the size 8 . It seems they are a bit spendy but they will last a very long time with proper care and use .
 They are well-made , cool-looking , and comfortable for walking around all day . Handy bottle openers on the bottoms are a genius touch . This is my third pair of Reef Fannings .
 I got my boyfriend this about a month ago and he absolutely loves how comfortable they are . He moved from Korea to LA and they 're perfect for the sunny weather . wears them every day .
 This was a gift . We consider Reef a good quality product . We received it quickly and it was fairly priced .
 Very comfortable and a good looking shoe . Seems well constructed too . The bottle opener on the sole is just unbelievable !
 I was sick and tired of wasting money on sh ** flip-flops that fell apart in less than a month so I invested in these and I love them . Stylish , comfortable , and durable . Also , each sandal has a functioning bottle opener underneath it , just in case .
 I wore out the first pair that I purchased about 3 years ago . I wore them primarily in the summer but wore them a lot . The first pair wore out on the inside of the webbing that makes contact on to the portion of my foot by my big toe . The lining of the sandal wore out until it was just the rubber inner part wearing into my skin . These lasted a lot longer then any other sandals that I have ever owned so here I am purchasing a 2nd pair that should last several summers . Not to mention how many bottles my previous pair opened . Never thought I would use the bottle opener feature but it came in handy .
 These sandals are very comfortable and well fabricated . It would be nice to have some arch support to make them more comfortable to wear for longer periods . I 'm looking forward to using them all summer .
 Very comfortable sandals but I wear a size 13 sneakers and ordered size 14 sandals and they are still a little snug and sometimes give blisters when walking for a while . When only walking a little bit or just hanging out , they are perfect .
 These Reef flip flops are some of the most comfortable sandals you can buy . They have a ton of designs , so it 's just a matter of picking out a pair that you like . On the down side , I could do without the collegiate bottle opener on the bottom of the shoe . That is stupid and gross . Plus , if you 're that college and have a class ring , you should be opening beers with that . Otherwise find a bottle opener .
 I buy a new pair of reefs every few years . I 've owned this particular model -LRB- is that what they 're called ? -RRB- two times . They hold up really well , have a beer-opener built in , are comfortable , and look good . Typically a pair of reefs will last me 2 or so years wearing them just about every day from May-September . When I buy a new pair , it 's typically just because they 're starting to look worn rather than they 're actually breaking .
 Bought these to replace my reefs that lasted 5 years . I am confident that these will last for another 5 years . Word of warning to all who are going to buys these . Reefs have large and high arches in them , and if you get used to them -LRB- say for 5 years or so -RRB- then other sandles -LRB- not Reefs -RRB- will end up hurting your feets really bad .
 Great style . Great quality . Super comfortable . Very sturdy . Textured insole prevents your foot from slipping out when wet . I bought 2 pairs . One to wear around the house and one to wear when I go out . I always wear these when it rains . You could swim in these and they will not ruin . The material used does n't harbor foot odor and its super easy to clean.Never had to use the bottle cap opener on the bottom but its a conversation piece .
 These are quality sandals , but if you have a thick or wide foot , order at least a full size larger . The area between the base & straps is very tight & narrow .
 Clever with bottle opener in the arch . Fast shipping . Excellent quality . Had my last pair for 10 + years . Truly makes you think of a song from margarita-ville .
 These are the best flip flops ever ! My husband has two pairs and he swears they are the best flip flops ever . They are good looking , comfortable , and rugged . But , best of all , they have a bottle cap opener in the sole of the shoe -LRB- yay beer ! -RRB- . You have no idea how handy this is ! It is so useful on boats , on hikes , at parties , etc. . I guess we drink a lot of beer . But seriously , my husband has saved the day when it comes to beer consumption just by using the sole of his Reef sandals . It 's almost like having a super power ! My sister 's husband was so envious I sent him a pair and now he has all his friends wanting them too ! This makes a great gift for hard to please Dads , or Dads who have everything ! Trust me , you wo n't be disappointed !
 The brown trim is a bit lighter in color than what 's depicted in the picture . But , my husband still loves these Reef sandals and always requests a new pair once his old ones get worn out . Even though I think using the bottle opener is a little bit gross , we 've resorted to using it on several occasions .
 GREAT FIT , COMFORTABLE . HUSBAND LOVES THESE.HE SAVES WEARING THESE FOR VACATION SO I BOUGHT ANOTHER PAIR.GREAT PRICE FOR CHRISTMAS GIFT .
 These flip flops are the most comfortable summer shoes I have ever worn . Definitely a keeper and can be used in and outdoors . The added cushioning makes every step comfortable and secure .
 These things are incredibly comfortable it 's funny you wouldnt expect a pair of flip flops to feel like shoes but these definately do ! I LOVE THESE REEFS !! And yes the bottle opener works and is a fun conversation piece
 These sandals are the best pair I have ever had . They have a lot of cushioning , and good arch support . The straps are soft ; even after walking several miles in them I have no issues with blisters like I have had from other sandals . Highly recommended !
 My husband loves this flip flop . Not sure if it is because of the soft cushioned sole or the bottle opener built in but for the guy who never wore flip flops -LRB- always bothered his toes -RRB- He has been wearing them every day since I gave them to him !
 size is true to fit . my dad loves them . says they 're super comfy and the opener works well . just be mindful of where you walk . lol .
 Ordered these for the man friend and I got a great deal during the Amazon sandal sale . Arrived quickly and was exactly what I was looking for . If you have n't tried these on I highly recommend buying some . Reef sandals are amazing and these are no different . Great for men and women .
 I concur with all of the reviews regarding this wonderful flip flop . I have worn this flip flop every day for 1 1/2 weeks . I wear a 9 1/2 inch shoe and I purchased a 10 M flip flop . This size is just right for my foot . My foot is an average width -LRB- D -RRB- , and the flip flop just fits me . If you have a wide foot I would not recommend this sandal . After the initial break in period -LRB- about four days -RRB- this flip flop is very comfortable . I mainly wear this flip flop indoors as a bedroom slipper . However I also wore it outdoors on a non-rainy day . Since the straps are made of leather , I would not recommend this flip flop if there is any chance of rain .
 My old fannings are worn through in the heel so i needed new ones . Leather looks cool.Exactly what I expected .
 i have just had them about a month but I really like them . I 'm not a huge fan of flip flops because I like a shoe that holds on to my heel when walking . But these have been pretty snug and dont flop very much . Maybe in time they might become more loose , but for now they fit like a glove and the sole feels good and supportive on your foot . Very well built and quality flip flop . I bought a size 11 and fits well . I can wear an 11 to 11 and 1/2 shoe . I 'm glad I didnt go bigger . I think its pretty true to size .
 This is my fourth pair of these sandals . They last about a year and a half and they are really comfortable !
 These were a Christmas gift for my husband . He is very pleased with them ! The size was accurate and the delivery was fast ! We are very pleased !
 Definitely like these sandals . Very comfortable to wear . Did get dirty easily , not sure how well they will clean . Overall , glad I purchased them .
 The quality of the show was great and nice and durable . However the thong material was very tough and the toe area was very narrow .
 This is by far the best pair of Sandals that I have owned . They are very comfy and do n't wear away , the bottle opener on the bottom of the Sandal is useful as well .
 The flip flops arrived today , once I put them on it was being on balls of cotton , they had a cushion to them that I have never witnessed in any flip flop in the past . I just love them , now I hope they last a long time . Based on other reviews I believe they will . I research them and the least amount to buy them was Amazon.com ... At a large National department store even with a Holiday 20 percent off had them for 18 dollars more , so this is was a deal ...
 I bought my reef sandals in 2006 . I wear them daily for 8 months out of the year -LRB- Minnesota Cold -RRB- and I still wear them to this day . Sure they have smoothed out on the bottom but the high quality of material have made it indestructible for the last 5 years . The sandal pretty much molded itself to to the bottom of my foot , making it comfortable then ever .
 I have feet of a 47 yr old , so I need support , yet looks . These are by far the best sandles I have ever tried . I could walk 5 miles in them
 One of the best flip flops I had ... this model is both comfortable and was at a reasonable price -LRB- value/money -RRB- . I use them both outdoors and in house , and they look great .
 These flip flops are a bit on the pricey side for my taste but after enjoying the less expensive variants of the same brand I thought I 'd give these a try . My complaint with the lower price variants is the padding over time gets compressed and does n't offer much support after , say , three weeks . So I ordered these as they were the less expensive of the higher end variant and aside from looking very plain they are more supportive from the get go . I 've been wearing them for three days and at the heal there is no sign of the compression issue . Furthermore the material does n't feel like it will be prone to such issue . Also there is no ink to flake away as was the issue with the less expensive Reefs that I purchased late this summer .
 Purchased these flip flops I guess 3 years ago -LRB- geez that went by quicker than I thought -RRB- . I guess I should follow that by saying that I do not wear them all the time , generally my lifestyle has me choosing different options when it comes to footwear . That being said my Reefs have seen significant use in hot weather , wet conditions , sand , and I do love them.As far as these go they are durable , they 've been worn , but not to the point where I 've taken serious notice in any way . They sit comfortably on my feet , still look good . The bottle opener on the bottom is very functional , but as others have mentioned you will look like a fool if you try and do it while standing . So you too will learn that the best approach is to just remove the flip flop first before attempting to open the bottle . But used in that fashion it is also a great conversation piece.The soles are thick and provide appropriate cushioning for all day comfort , at least for me . I tend to not get sore feet walking around in anything . The pair I purchased did come with a little design on the top of the foot strap . It looks nice it 's held up well , it 's not the reason I bought the pair by any means , but I 'm not complaining . Another side note here , the colors wo n't run/stain when they get wet . I know some other flip flops can `` bleed '' a little and stain your feet . I 've had zero issues with anything of the sort happening with these.Overall I 've had no issues to report with them , after going through a lot of crappy flip flops I can tell you that it is worth it to pay for quality -LRB- and that is true for most things in life , the earlier ya realize it the happier you 'll be -RRB- . These you can wear and wear out happily . When my pair does finally die , I will be looking at purchasing Reefs again as it has been a worthwhile experience
 Sturdy flop . Bottle opener is a plus ... of course . Flop is tall on the heel side but comfortable . Should buy a size bigger seems to run a touch small . Withholding the 5th star because I felt the price was a little high .
 This is my second pair of these sandals . The first pair I picked up in 2009 and now in 2012 after daily use for 4-5 months each year the toe strap , or whatever it is called , started to give way a little . Decided to it a new pair at $ 39.99 on amazon vs the $ 69 I paid in 2009 . Love these sandals and they are super comfortable after a little break in . The fabric that goes across your foot rubs while breaking in which tends to give you a burn like skin issue but that break in period is only a couple days.I love the handy bottle opener on each bottom and it has come in handy plenty of times , mostly while on vacationWould 100 % recommend
 Im not a big fan of wearing flip flops . Even though these are 100x better than any pair I 've owned . I bought them to wear around the pool . They are pretty comfy and the build quality is very good . They should last me forever since I barely wear them . I still prefer to slip on my crocs when hanging around the yard .
 A freind of mine has these and my husband thought it was cool to always have a bottle opener -LRB- even though it is kinda gross if you think about it -RRB- So I purchased these shoes as a Fathers Day Gift for my husband . They are VERY Comfy ! He loves them !
 Its been little under 2 weeks now and these are very comfortable . It is much better than the Nike flip flops that I had for over 3 years . Order as per the size chart and it will be a perfect fit .
 I purchased these as a replacement for my croc flip flops after reading the reviews . These flip flops are very comfortable and provide much more support than my prior ones . The bottle opener on the bottom is fun , although I 've only used it once just to try it out . Overall , I think these are very good flip flops . My only gripe is that I think they are price a bit too high .
 Got for my husband for Father 's Day . He has a job where he 's on his feet all dayand I wanted to get him something not only nice looking , but cushiony & comfortable as well , mission accomplished . These are also kinda fun , they have a bottle opener on the bottomof each sandal . My daughters and I may get a pair also ; -RRB- Will definitely buy from this seller again.Received quickly . I highly recommend .
 I bought these for my brother for Father 's Day last year on a family vacation in San Diego . And guess what he got again this year ? He says these are the best flip flops in the world and threw out every other pair he had . Reef Flips rock !!!!
 This sandal is great . My hubby loves the bottle opener on bottom , it comes in handy and is a great conversation piece . It is also very comfortable .
 I had this now for few weeks . It 's very comfortable And smooth . I can walk for hours now on this without worrying about any pain . Definitely worth a investment . Also , it looks stunningly beautiful than on pictures
 I am on my 4th pair of Fannings . They are the most comfortable and stylish flip flops ever , and BTW that metal tab on the sole is for opening beer bottles . Just sayin ' . If you think it might be time to take that bottle opener off your key chain -LRB- parents , cops and bosses think poorly of that -RRB- wear it on your feet instead .
 I bought these flip flops for my husband . He received a pair from his son but they were a size too big . He enjoyed them still and wore the heck out of them . When I saw these at such a great price I had to get them for him ! I bought the size that fits his foot better and he has thoroughly enjoyed them !
 My feet hurt when I walk barefoot for long periods of time these were purchased for a trip to maui . I found myself wearing them around the house before my trip to break them in but they needed little breaking in . They are pretty comfortable and my feet do n't hurt they have nice arch support . The can opener on the bottom is a little odd lol .
 I bought a pair of these shoes about 6 months ago due to the great reviews . They are very comfortable sandal . So , I decided to buy the same sandal , same style , same size but a different color . These came and they were too tight for my wide feet . Amazon was kind enough to allow me to return them . Do not buy if you have wide feet . I got lucky on the first pair .
 Just what the doctor ordered ... comfortable flip flops for my laid back lifestyle.They look good on my tired old dogs and feel great too . Thanks for the great deal Amazon ... you Be Amazing .
 Reefs come in third place behind Sole and Olukai flip flops . However these are solid performers at this price point and the Fanning is likely their best although not the most expensive in their line . I would like more forefoot cushioning and a better arch design . They take at least a full day to dry out properly when wet . I have about 4 pairs . I still have and own my first pair of Fanning Reef 's . They are showing signs of wear but no breakdown . It is a quality sandal and the value / price point for this sandal is outstanding . I aways buy a full size to half size up in just about any flip flop design . Ca n't go wrong with reefs . Very durable shoes and I like the air max tech they have in the heel .
 They seem to be of nice quality and matched the pics . A bit overpriced in my opinion -LRB- $ 45 for flip flops ? -RRB- but hey . . to each their own ! If you 've worn a Reef product before and like what they make , go for it ! Amazon pricing competitive as usual .
 * True to size * Lighter than expected given the bulk of the sole * Durable * Comfortable * Heal pad/cup helps releieve plantar facilitis pain
 exactly what I ordered ! The bottle opener on the bottom is perfect . These are great for drinking in the summertime .
 excellent product quality and designexcellent comfortable design , good qualitygood fit and excellent color combinationI like very much
 Reef brand sandals are a great quality . I own some that have lasted me 4 years and are still going so I bought these for my husband and he loves them ! He has size 13 shoes and they fit comfortably . The bottle opener on the bottom is a very cool feature and he was excited about it but I think it 's more of a novelty . Unless we lived by the ocean ...
 I have another pair of Fannings bought slightly over a year ago . It 's one of the more comfortable flips I 've had -LRB- the other being the Chaco thongs -RRB- . As the fanning started showing some wear I decided to get a new pair.While the new pair seems identical to the old , for some reason Reef have slightly changed its sizes and the new pair is a bit shorter than the old one and in addition , the straps are somewhat tighter -LRB- shorter -RRB- . In part , this difference may be due to the wear on the older pair . However , it appears to be also related to slight alterations to the model.Bottom line , the new pair has the same high quality build and comfort level . If , like me , you 're somewhere between two sizes and like to wear loose flips , consider buying the next size up .
 I have had two pairs of these , comfy , last well . I just wanted to say that I would prefer they lose the silly bottle opener . I do n't like to drink where I walk -LRB- or ... . where I eat , for that matter -RRB- . These will also scratch boat decks and wood floors when they get worn down a little . On boat decks it 's worse because there are curved surfaces where even new shoes will gouge the gelcoat or paint . Great way to get thrown overboard or not invited on subsequent fishing trips . They should include a nice aluminum bottle opener key chain instead , would cost them 0.10 if that .
 The title says it . This is a great product ! My second set of Reef Fannings and I do n't think I could be much happier with them . Very comfortable , looks great for kicking around town , and perfect for a day on the boat . Plus , you never have to worry about forgetting your bottle-opener . Also , shipping was quick and painless . Only downside is they are a bit pricey . Also , be careful about size . I am usually a US 9.5 , but I got an 8.5 and it fits me perfectly ... Overall , great experience !
 I purchased this pair online . I had a pair purchased from a store . These sandals are simply fantastic . They provide me with the type of arch and heel support I need . I was thrilled to get a pair from Amazon at a fraction of the cost locally . Everything arrived timely and in perfect shape . I would recommend the Fanning model to anyone who likes thong sandals and wants lasting comfort and value .
 These sandals are usually a lot more expensive at the mall ! My husband really likes the bottle opener on the sole of the shoe .
 These are great . My husband would never wear flip flops now I ca n't get him to take these off .
 I really like this sandal , the strap -LRB- or whatever it 's called -RRB- hugs your foot . The only problem I had was wearing it initially it rubbed against the top of my foot and broke the skin a bit . I let it heal and wore them again and had no problems so I 'm not sure if I just had to break them in a bit or what . The bottle opener on the bottom is quite handy but as the other reviewers might have already said ... take the sandal off before opening that beverage so you do n't fall over and spill .
 I have been looking for a pair of these sandals for my husband 's birthday . Amazon simply had the best price !! Elsewhere , the price was over $ 50.00 ! Love this purchase !! And the hubby 's pretty happy too !!
 These sandals are great . Very comfortable , even when wet and sandy . The bottle opener has came in handy several times already . I wear these things year round and will purchase another pair when they wear out .
 Nice sandle to wear in the summer around town even around camp . Nothing bad to say about them , price was right and bought 2 pairs .
 These are the most comfortable flip flop / thong / sandals I 've ever worn . I wear a US 9 shoe and these fit perfect . The bottle opener makes for a good party trick .
 Size Fit ok.Nice and Comfortable . Five stars to reef sandals.Use my reef sandals every day , at homeI recommend it .
 These sandals last forever !!! My husband bought his first pair 5 yrs ago and just now is needing a new pair . Thank goodness they still make the same sandal !
 This is my husband 's second pair . He loves these flip flops . I will probably be getting another in a lighter color . These are all the wears outside of the office .
 The best sandals on the market . I hope they last long , but I bought an extra pair just in case ...
 Very comfortable sandals that have lasted through the season and provide a welcome bottle opener . Will buy another pair when they wear out .
 I recently took a vacation to Hawaii and , while there , had the opportunity to go on a dolphin tour . The tour was 4 hours and about halfway through , I got seasick . I spent the second half of the tour with my head down on the seat in front of me , staring at people 's feet as they walked by . The one thing I noticed over the next two hours was that one of the tour guides had on a pretty sweet pair of sandals . I had n't ever heard of the Reef brand before , but I made sure and caught the name of the sandals before leaving the boat because I was seriously impressed.The main thing I noticed was that they had a visible air pocket for cushion -LRB- similar to the old Nike Air shoes from years ago -RRB- . I 've never really been a big fan of sandals/flip flops at all , so it was a big deal for me to decide to drop -LSB- ... -RSB- on a pair . I must say that I do n't regret the purchase one bit . The sandals are comfortable and appear to be really durable as well . As a bonus -LRB- for those who are interested -RRB- both sandals have a bottle opener built into the sole in case you are ever caught with bottled beverages and no bottle opener.I 've been wearing these on a regular basis since I 've been back from Hawaii and would definitely say that I would purchase these sandals all over again . You get what you pay for , and these are definitely worth the money I spent .
 I ordered these for my 14 year old son . He loves them ! It has a nice design and he likes the church key on the bottom
 They are comfortable from the moment I put them on . Someone already told me that they know I 'm an alcoholic when I have bottle openers in my sandals . I 'm not but it was a pretty darn funny conversation at the 4th of July BBQ ! The bottle opener works great and is really convenient .
 As always , Reef Sandals is quality made , comfortable , and great looking . The only bad part is that they last so long , you feel bad for buying a new pair because your old pair still looks and feels great .
 Before I bought these sandals for my son I made him promise that he would wear other shoes when I asked him to . He would still rather wear these sandals .
 i wore these sandals on my wedding day . they were so comfortable that it was like i did n't even have anything on ! they matched perfect , and it was fun to tell people i had bottle openers on the bottoms of my shoes !
 I bought these for my husband he loves them ... the sandals are very comfortable and the built-in bottle opener comes in handy ... surprisingly the bottle opener is very sturdy for being so compact . Had a very easy transaction ... quick shipping .
 Great sandals , very comfortable and resistant , and look very very good too !!!! ... . definitely a MUST BUY !!!
 these slippers are alright . they cost a little more than the average slippers that i get . they stick to my feet pretty good but a little uncomfortable because i have wide feet . bottle opener does its job .
 This is a great product and very clever . Look forward to being the hit of the party
 Second pair of these sandals , the most comfortable , longest lasting flips Ive owned . I wear them in the water all the time , they hold up great and have great style . Priced well also , would definitly recommend if looking for new sandals .
 Decent arch support keeps his feet happy . My husband wears them all the time . Bottle opener on bottom is unnecessary .
 Great sandal for a wonderful price . Just saw then the other day in aSporting goods store for almost twice as much . Very comfortable to wear . Took a few days of walking to break in but these will probably last me a good long while .
 When I first put these flip flops on , I was concerned they were too small . After a few days of wear , though , I loved them ! They are super comfortable -- no wonder they were the top rated .
 Great product , very comfortable , my first set of reefs , or flip flops since I was a child , the opener on the bottom ROX ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 wow dont lost this shose so nice and its my favorit color thanku amazon thanku saler many color very flaxbile
 Just because these are made for men does n't mean the ladies ca n't enjoy them too . Lately its hard to find a solid , durable , and versatile sandal made for women . I 've looked everywhere for a sandal with no sparkles , designs , or made in crazy colors that a girl can just throw on without having to worry about it matching your clothes ! The few I have seen are made with about an inch of foam that only lasts a few months and ca n't handle heavy , strenuous usage while keeping your feet comfortable . The ones that do that are all toning/exercise sandals that cost $ 80 . + ; no , thanks . These sandals are probably the best I 've ever owned . I went from 8 hours on my feet at work to dinner , a movie , then a long night on the beach with the ladies . I went through 2 wardrode changes but they all worked with the sandals and my feet did n't feel like they were run over by a truck in the morning ! These are good quality sandals that are worth every penny and the fact they do n't need replacing a couple times a year is an extra bonus . I 've recommended them to everyone at work and most of my family , all genders , and most have bought a pair or are considering it . When I told the guys there is a bottle opener on them they found that an added bonus as well . I do too on occasion . : -RRB-
 WOWWWWW !!!!! For the price , compare 50 $ box from the store.Fast shipping ! LOVE AMAZON!VERY CONFORTABLE !!!!!! I LOVE IT `` VERY CONFORTABLE !!!!!! I LOVE IT `` VERY CONFORTABLE !!!!!! I LOVE IT `` PLEASE
 I bought them for the bottle opener , I wear them becuase they are extremely comfortable . Ca n't go wrong ! That is all
 Bought during the big sandal sale ... ca n't beat the price or the comfort . Quality seems about the same as last Reef flips I bought at least 6 years ago , which are still alright to wear . This style is more suited to longer walks than the old ones - better arch support and more cushioning in the heel . What 's not to like ?!
 My grandson is growing by leaps and bounds and needed thongs . Since he had jumped into a size 13 , most stores did n't have what he needed . I was thrilled to find these on line . These have been perfect for spring and coming summer in Florida .
 How excited can you get over a set of flip flops ? When traditional flip flops have always given me sore arches and calves in the past but these are all day comfortable , that 's saying something ! In fact , I purchased a pair of O'Neil flip flops a week earlier for my trip to Florida and thought they were pretty comfortable . A few hours of use though and it was the same sore arches and calves . I bumped into these Reef flip flops while my wife was window shopping in Florida , tried them on and instantly discovered these were different . As a person with only 4 pairs of shoes and does n't like to spend wastefully , I pondered a couple days the purchase of these but ultimately did after I got back home . Money well spent as I can wear these all day in total comfort . The well built flip flops and slightly elevated and firm heel is what does it for me .
 These are by far the best flip flops I have ever owned . They have an ar h support and you can wear them all day and your feey do n't hurt at all .
 The sandals are very comfortable and they fit my husband perfectly . He has a hard time finding shoes in his size , but we can always count on Amazon.com
 Good quality and comfortable , the bottle openers work great as well =D . They look just as great out of the box as they do in the photos .
 The only kind of sandals I wear anymore . They also last forever , which makes you feel better about the price . I would say they are worth every penny.Ohh did I mention they have bottle openers in the bottom . They do , and that is completely unnecessary but awesome !
 My husband loves these . We live in the desert and he tries to wear sandals as often as he can . This meant he was wearing out two or three pairs a year and some of them were fairly expensive . After almost daily wear of these sandals for over six months they are still going strong . They are easy to clean , have good arch support and are comfortable for all day wear . The white leather and accents on the side wipe clean pretty well and are still pretty white . The bottle opener is kind of a novelty , but my husband thinks it helps add to the arch support of the sandal .
 I bought these prior to a trip to Mexico for my boyfriend . I have a women 's pair that I bought about 5 years ago and I am still able to wear them ! Because we live in Minnesota the boyfriend was not able to break them in prior to the trip . He did get a blister on the inside of his foot but we are unsure if it was from the sandal or our morning runs in his sneakers . The best thing about the flip flops is that the sole is very stable and you do n't feel like rocks are cutting into your feet as it feels when you wear cheap old navy flip flops . Overall , a 4 star rating . The price is a little steep , but considering how long mine have lasted it is worth the money . I just wish the boyfriend had n't gotten a blister .
 I ca n't really say for myself , although I did slip them on just for fun - they are super comfy ! I bought them for my boyfriend and he absolutely loves them , wears them all the time . The bottle opened on the bottom is useful for those summer bonfires . The sandals are really sturdy and it feels like they wo n't just fall apart in a few months . The last pair my boyfriend had lasted 3 years .
 I bought these flip flops because they looked nice . Only after I ordered them did I realize there were bottle openers built into the soles . How cool is that ?!?! When they arrived , I had to put them on and pop open a beer . It worked like a champ ! I have n't worn flip flops in a very long time , so my between-the-toes were n't used to the leather strap . I 'm hoping the leather softens up and my tween-the-toes toughen up so the discomfort goes away . The soles are very comforatble . I would definately recommend these nice looking beer popping flippety flops .
 My favorite flip flop . Nicely contoured and cushioned footbed and quality leather uppers . Sole is durable and funky with the can opener attachment , although never got to use it -LRB- would have loved this in college though -RRB- . My third pair . Replacing only because footbed material compresses after a few years and cushioning decreases . Sole and stitching still in good shape , even with heavy wear.Recommended .
 Bought these for my Hubbs ... he loved them when he got home ! We will never wear another sandal other than Reef . They are much cheeper on Amazon too then other sites .
 The quality of these sandals are absolutely amazing . I wore them almost every day in the spring , summer , and fall for 3 years in all kinds of environments from the mall to the trails . During the winter , I wore them around the house and even occasionally outside on a quick run to the mailbox . About 10 months ago , I deployed to Iraq for 6-months and took them with me for going between my living quarters to the shower -LRB- everyday -RRB- over dusty , rocky , dirt areas ... and they held up perfectly . After I returned , I kept on wearing them . I can not express in words how good these Sandals are.They did eventually breakdown some -LRB- but no where near as fast as other sandals -RRB- and I ordered a second pair of these sandals from Amazon , which were just like my first.Other nice touches to this product include
 These are the best flip flops I have ever bought . I bought them for my son and he loves them . They are so comfortable , I had to buy a pair for myself . I have plantar facitis and they are just as comfortable as my shoes with orthodics . On the downside , my son is always wanting me to stop at a convenience store so he can buy a soft drink to open up with his shoe . Bottle opener is a neat novelty .
 These are the most comfy pair of thongs -LRB- flip flops -RRB- I have ever owned plus you never have to look for a bottle openner .
 Big husband and Dad and both size 13 and 14 its hard to find a bestFlip Flop to my family we are all big feet.Reef Men 's Fanning Flip Flop Help with this problem . I like and Buy always .
 Fantastic product ! Functional , comfortable and fun ! I bought 6 pairs as gifts for my groomsmen for my destination wedding!They loved them !
 I bought these for my boyfriend . He had a pair already that were old so he needed a new pair . These are the ONLY sandals he will wear and he wears them all the time . He LOVES them .
 This is my second pair of Reef Fanning flip flops . I wore the first pair into the ground and would not buy anything else . Super comfortable and a bottle opener to boot ! I use them on the boat , at the beach and everywhere else .
 I love my new sandals ! So comfortable and I love I can open my beers with the bottle opener on the bottom .
 As the title says , this is my fourth pair since the lucky day when I found Reef sandals . These sandals are the most comfortable I 've ever worn and I do n't plan to change . I use them all year round , reason why I 'm on my fourth pair . Each pair has lasted me over 2 years of constant wear at the beach , street , etc. I got a pair of 9 M US . This size measures 11 inches in length and just a bit under 4 inches in width , measured at the arch , so I suggest you pick the right size depending on the size of your feet . I normally wear 9 's and they fit just right , if I 'm able to find them , I prefer 9.5 . Size 10 leave too much room at the heel.This model , The Fanning , is the one everybody knows , it still has the metal bottle opener on the sole and the air cushions at the heel . If you are new to this brand and are still thinking about it , buy them already , I assure you , Reef will be `` the brand '' you 'll be wearing from now on . These are made in China -LRB- what is n't nowadays -RRB- , but they are high quality , very well built and last forever . I still have n't thrown my old pair out , just like another reviewer here , I keep the old pair for when I work on my yard . Great sandals .
 Had a pair just like these that lasted about 5 yrs . they did n't really wear out , I just noticed they started to stink ... so I bought a new pair . Here 's to another 5 years !
 The fanning sandal is easily the most comfortable and supportive flip-flop I have ever owned . They fit true to size and have the right amount of cushioning in the foot bed without being too soft and causing fatigue . I can easily wear these every day all day and not experience achy feet as with cheap foam flip-flops . Because they are so supportive and sturdy they do require a short break in period , so they will feel stiff at first , but once broken in they will provide lasting comfort & support .
 The most comfortable , well made , and nice appeal sandals i ever have . With the open bottle en the sole of the sandal , is a pluss ! Really can walk a lot with this , dont feel like u have a sandal , is like a sneakers shoes .
 Like my previous Reef sandals , I expected these to be comfortable from the very first step . I was a bit nervous since I 'm pretty picky when it comes to flip flops . I have had bad experience with the thong digging in , and cutting between my toes . But not with these . I already walked over 6 miles in them over the last two days . Nothing but comfort ! Highly recommended .
 I bought a size 12 in these , since I usually wear 11.5 or 12 in most everything . These fit very well , not too snug and not loose at all . They are very soft and comfortable and well worth the price . The quality seems to be very durable . I would definitely recommend these to anyone and I will probably buy another pair in a different color soon .
 This is my fourth pair of Reef Fanning Flip Flop 's . I have been wearing these flip flops for several years now , and really do n't have any complaints at all . The bottle opener on the bottom of the flip flop comes in handy whenever you want to open up a soda or beer , and they are comfortable , long-lasting , and stylish - what more can you want in a flip flop . The flip flops also shipped extremely fast from amazon and I 'm just satisfied to be wearing them right now .
 Although they are n't the most comfortable things to be running in -LRB- since they are n't made for running -RRB- , they are comfortable enough for me to wear them all day and not have sore feet when I go to bed . And the bottle opener on the bottom of them are just amazing . It 's hilarious to impress everyone by simply lifting your leg and popping open a beer or soda with your sandal is just awesome . 5 easy stars
 I love these sandals and wear them all the time . A good portion of my friends have said they 're unattractive , but that does n't really matter to me considering how comfortable they are . I 've not yet used the bottle opener on the bottom , but it 's a pretty convenient tool if you do n't have one otherwise.Just be warned , the sole WILL get very dirty unless you scrub it frequently .
 I am very pleased with the purchase of the Reef sandals . They are not as comfortable as I had hoped , but the convenience of the bottle opener on the bottom of the sandals makes it easy to overlook a LITTLE discomfort in the sandal . I would recommend these to a friend . They have been very popular among friends and family .
 I ordered these after having a similar pair of black Reef sandals . Flat out , Reef makes the most comfortable sandals that are as good by the pool as they are on in the restaurant . Great product .
 Awesome fast shipping , they respond day & night , & are great people to deal with!They also carry a size 13 which few places do . . I will buy from them again for sure !! :-RRB- Oh and did I mention best price !!
 i got these for my boyfriend and he loves them !! he is a big guy and has trouble finding a good fit in a shoe especially flip flop - he says these are the most comfortable shoe he has ever had . i will buy these again for sure !
 Been using this sandal for about 3 weeks and its been great . I 've owned reefs in the past and the part that I really like about them -LRB- other than their comfort -RRB- is that they really stay on your feet . Honestly I can easily run in these sandals and I even played basketball once with sandals just like these.The bottle opener works really well even though its more of a novelty than a practicality . For example I can open a beer while standing up , but its usually much easier to use the bottle opener on my keyring.The only downside to these sandals are the price , but you 're paying for quality . The last pair of reefs I owned are still in perfect working condition even after two years of frequent hard use . I just wanted these because my old ones were looking a little beat up .
 I have a pair of Reef `` Fanning '' sandals in Black , Brown , Brown/Plaid , White and an additional pair of reef sandals in black . They are the most comfortable , best sandal I have ever and will ever own . I am hooked , most likely the only sandal I 'll ever wear .
 The flip flops the best ever had , great to have in mexico to walk around and able to open a cold beer !!!
 Who says you ca n't have your beer and drink it too ? These are the most comfortable flip-flops I 've ever owned , and I can open my bottles too !! I 'm seriously considering getting another pair now in case they are discontinued !
 My husband loves his reefs and he refuses to wear other sandal brands . It was shipped and received within a week and we could n't be happier with the service !
 These sandals are very comfortable and stylish . The bottle opener is a great feature and does not get bent from walking . As you wear these , they get more comfortable as the heel molds to yours as described in the description . All in all - a great product .
 Love this style of flip flops ... probably the 4th pair I have bought for my hubby ! Durable , comfortable , beer openers on bottom , stylish , what more could you ask for ?
 i bought this sandal for a woman , but i made the mistake in the man/woman size conversion . so please make sure that you have those measurments correct for a good fit . overall shoe looks nice and is comfortable .
 I 've had these for 2 years and have done everything from stand at a bbq all day to play volleyball and they feel great . The bottle opener in the bottom is best used while sitting down with your foot crossed over your knee .
 hye . . I just want to confirm ... this item I bought is an original from reef or not?I will buy many more from your shopThanks , ,
 I received this item just as it was presented . I 'm very satisfied with the Reef sandals and the service provided by your company . I 'll be back .
 This is the second pair of these Reef flip flops I have purchased for my dad . Living in Florida , we wear flip flops year round , and these are always a hit .
 Best flops on the market , and the bottle opener on the bottom is a great perk . Wont wear anything else , highly recommend
 Very comfortable . These replaced a pair that were 5 + years old . A little more expensive than I would like but it took a long time to wear out the last pair .
 Arrives without any fancy packaging , just the cardboard hanger it would be on in a store . It was just what he wanted , so it was fine .
 Due to consistent aching feet , I bought these slippers from EMS . I use them primarily for indoor use to walk around the house . They provide very good support and helped me considerably in reducing the pain . Now I am on my second pair which I purchased from Amazon as it was a better price here .
 My dog age my husbands leather flip flops so I searched on Amazon and found these for much less than what I spent at the store . They are great flip flops with good support . Just keep them away from dogs who like leather .
 Great Quality and comfort at a great price . I 've had these sandals before and have been repeatedly pleased . Strongly recommend
 This is my second pair of Reef Fanning Flip Flops . The first pair held up great after being put thourgh a couple of years of challenging wear . Looking forward to replacing my old Fanning flops . Great construction and good support .
 These were a specific request from a son & I would think that a compliment in itself ! I suggested getting a pair of shoes when I saw the ones he was wearing after he got home from work . He said , &#34; I am not getting any til I can afford the ones that are comfortable & that I want &#34;
 Not only it is pretty much comfortable -LRB- but not as good as walking on the cloud -RRB- but also fancy . I definitely recommend this one for someone who firstly try flip flops . The rubber band is very soft which do not damage your toes .
 These are the most comfortable pair of sandals that I have owned , the built in bottle opener is just a bonus .
 Very good value . Good support , comfortable and very sturdy . compares to much more expensive brand like the Walking Store.Very pleased with the purchase .
 I like them and I am wearing them to where ever I go and I feel they will last a long time . gug
 Growing up i lived on a ski resort called Alta and when I was n't skiing flip flops were my shoe of choice . Since then I have continued to wear flip flops year round through rain and snow . With my abusive use of flip flops combined with being 6 ' 4 215lbs and size 13 feet made of sandpaper , I 've never been able to find a pair that have lasted me more than a few months . Its just a matter of time before either the sole separates from the rest of the shoe , or my feet saw right through the toe piece . These shoes however , not only comfortable , lasted me almost a full year ! The sole remained completely intact all the way to their there last day , however my feet eventually wore out and ripped the toe pieces on both shoes . Nonetheless , the durability of these allowed them to last over twice as long as any other flips that I 've tried . As far as comfort , they are also the most comfortable flips that I 've worn and remain comfortable due to the cushioned heal and the arch support the shape of the flop provides . Overall very satisfied but will continue to look for something with a diamond bit toe piece .
 These Reef Fanning Thong flip flops are awesome ! Very comfortable , sized correctly , plenty of cushion provided by the air sole . Well worth the 38 dollars I paid for the dark brown/white trim color combo ! Do n't know about long term durability
 these reefs were recommended for a Costa Rica trip in September . Great fit . Got em ' on now.From zip lining , to white water rafting ... need the comfort from head 2 toe . Got the toes ` covered ' now . .
 I got a really good deal on the Xs-1 and they finally wore out . I wanted to replace them but they currently sell at over $ 55 which is just not good value for me . Based on their reviews , I opted to get these Fannings . Having has Reef 's before , I ordered a size 13 thought I typically wear a 12 -LRB- size up -RRB- . These are nice , comfortable , and I like them . However , the Xs-1 blows these out of the water and in hindsight , I would get the Xs-1 -LRB- more comfortable , drains water quicker , and better arch support -RRB- . That being said , these are still quite good .
 these flip flops are the best thongs i have purchased to date and so much cheaper than the stores , i highly recommend them
 i like these shoes and i am glad that i ordered them . They came in good condition and i am looking forward to wearing them .
 These were for my husband , and are his second pair . The first pair lasted 6 years . They are well made , comfortable , and as a bonus , have a can opener on the bottom !
 Ordered these and received them about a week later and they were in perfect condition . I wish they would have come in a shoe box but they came in a bag , either way , they were definitely brand new . The price was pretty much the same if you were to go to a shoe store and buy them but I bought these in the middle of October and no store was carrying sandals anymore.The quality of these sandals is amazing . So comfortable and you can tell they are made nicely . These even have a bottle opener on the bottom which is so cool.Overall , I would definitely buy these again and would buy them from Amazon again
 Bought this for my husband 's birthday . He has had two other pairs , now of which had to be replaced because he wore them out . He loves his Reefs !
 The sandals feel great on your feet . They 're even more comfortable than some sneakers that I own . Beware of sweat accumulating on the surface of the sandals though , other than that no complaints .
 There is no other flip flop that my sons will wear - and I have tried . Theysay they are the most comfortable of flip flops and they never go out of style.It 's nice to have the color and style variety to choose from .
 These are the best flip flops I have ever owned . They are super comfortable and durable . I have climbed mountains in Montana in these suckers . I think they have a 6 month warranty too . Bottle opener on the bottom , meh . Although I 'd rather pay 5 bucks or so less for opener free flip flops of this quality , I have used the opener from time to time .
 I have never been a sandal wearer but gave these a try since some of my friends said they were so comfortable . They were right , I have quit wearing my shoes and socks during the warm seasons now as these are so comfortable . They did take about a week of wearing for the sandals to `` form '' to my feet but I was told to expect that . The bottle opener on the bottom has been the topic of more than a few conversations .
 I have owned this for about a month , this is my second pair of Reef Sandals . They are very comfortable and are not prone to flying off my feet.The only downside to them is that the silver decals on the sandal have already started wearing off considerably . My previous brown pair did not have this problem .
 Everyone 's feet are different so one sandal probably is not best for everyone . I 'm retired and I wear flip flops 90 % of the time . The Reef Fanning is my favorite so far . Some of the things that I like about the Fanning are things that I would look for in any sandal . I like a foot-bed that does n't get slippery when it 's wet . I hate sliding around in sandals . Same is true of the sole that does n't slip on wet surfaces . I like the contoured foot-bed that supports my foot and the wide strap that keeps the sandal very secure . This flip flop feels very comfortable and secure on my foot even when wet . I 'm on my third pair and I love them .
 my dog chewed up my older sons all blue pair of fanning sandals so i ordered two pair so he could pick which one he wanted and then i could give the other pair to my younger son . my younger son ended up with this turquoise plaid pair and now every time i see him he has them on . The shoes look better in real life and arrived in three days . they even have a bottle opener on the bottom ... excellent for college age boys like him .
 my dog chewed up my older sons blue reef fanning 's so i replaced them with this pair . the leather on this pair makes them look so much more expensive then the blue pair he did have . I think he made out by having my dog chew up his old pair . The shoes arrived in three days from the time of order and were better looking in real life .
 I never wore flip flops at all before . And now I try to never wear shoes . These sandals are amazing .
 These are my second pair of Reefs , the Fanning is much more comfortable than my other pair which are the Stash II . The Fanning has alot more support in the heel -LRB- more like a running shoe heel than a flip flop -RRB- . The bottle opener is a cool feature , I have used it more than once and it has came in handy .
 Reef Manning Sandal are comfortable , sometimes I here the can opener on the bottom of sandal hitting the sidewalk . Otherwise great sandal .
 My boyfriend did n't like wearing sandals until I bought him these . Very comfortable and durable -LRB- we only had to buy this second pair because the dog ate the first pair , he must have liked them too ! -RRB-
 These are lightweight and durable . They are very comfortable as well . I was hesitant to spend so much money on flip flops but my hubby loves them . Just be careful not to step in dog poop where the bottle opener is or it will be hard to get out !
 We got these for my husband who is a flip flop connesseur if you will and he loves them . Very comfortable and for the man 's man , very functional especially at bbq 's ! LOL . His favorites by far !
 Bottle opener on the bottom comes in handy all the time -LRB- maybe that means I have a problem -RRB- but trust me you 'll look like a boss when you pop a top off with your shoe and everyone else is trying to figure out what they can use . These are also very comfortable , I was a little worried that they were tight at first but they wore in perfectly and I can say i 've been converted over from cheap flipflops to Reefs
 My husband 's previous pair had seen better days -- since he 's been wearing them for several years -- and a new pair was needed . These were perfect for him . They are a very sturdy and useful -LRB- because there 's a bottle opener built in on the bottom of the sandal -RRB- . A must for summer beer-bottle drinkers !
 The Reef Fanning sandals have been my go-to shoes for 10 years if the weather cooperates . By now , I must have had 10 pairs , and I have worn them with pleasure . They are always comfortable , supportive , great looking , and fun . Also , the price was good , and the option for free and easy returns is a BIG plus .
 These are my husbands favorite sandals . He wears the every day ! Super comfortable . They are a little spendy but worth it .
 When I slip into these things I feel like Mick Fanning . That 's fair dinkum , too ! Great product - no need to say any more .
 My husband bought them for our vacation at the river and he has enjoyed the from breakfast to dinner . He wishes he could wear them to work
 Good product . Not sure how much money I actually saved on this purchase though . Could have had it weeks earlier if I bought in a local store and spent $ 10 more ...
 These flips are the greatest . This is my second pair . They last great and are perfectly comfortable ... the bottle opener on the sole comes in handy on a hot summer day too !!
 Perfect pick and the most comfortable sandels I own now , feels like walking in a tennis shoe , half the price than to get them at the local mall
 My husband says that these are the most comfortable sandals he 's ever worn . And the bottle opener is a cool little add-on .
 These Flip flops are so comfortable it 's crazy ! Than add that they have a bottle opener on the bottom - my husband might never go back to any other kind - he is always prepared if the party starts and we were n't expecting it
 These sandals are a must have . I bought these for my dad and he loves them . He loves them so much that this is his second pair . The bottle opener is a very clever idea .
 Like the title suggests , these sandals were a hit . I bought them as a present and it certainly hit the spot with a sweet price point to boot . While I would n't suggest actually using it , the bottle opener at the bottom is a unique little easter egg to have added I squirm at the thought of the germs it could accumulate but perhaps it does n't phase others . Alas , the workmanship is excellent -LRB- no tears or loose threads in months -RRB- , the look is appealing , and the feel is cozy . What more could you want ?
 My husband gets a pair of these every year and wears them consistantly until there is no tread left on the bottom.They are the only sandals he will wear because they fit him so well and are very comfortable .
 My husband had a pair of these , and my son-in-law noticed them and HAD to have a pair . We live on a lake , and they are a must-have and a fun topic for conversation . Great gift !
 Best ever!I 'm 280lbs and these support me very wellThey last for months and months of hard useBottle opener on each soleGreat quality flip flopsWell worth the priceThis is my 5th pair in 5 yrsI wear them nearly year round
 I bought these for my boyfriend for Christmas . I ended up getting the wrong size , but all I had to do was call Amazon and they sent me a return label via email . I was reimbursed the next day and was able to get the correct size sandal the next day as well . This was was all done just a few days before Christmas . Super easy .
 Best sandals i 've ever owned in my life . Reef makes top notch sandals , the last pair I had lasted over eight years . I had to buy a new pair because they literally rotted of my feet . They lasted all through the time I was a lifeguard , deployed to the Middel East , and just everyday wear and tear . This new pair feels better , fits great , and just all around meets the expectaions I have of Reef and its products .
 I bought a pair of these sandals in February 2005 and am still wearing them . Like any sandal , they are fun and easy to wear . Just recently I 've noticed that the front part of the soles has worn down and they are smooth now . Also the foam bed has started to crack in several places , but for the price I 'd say I 've gotten reasonable use out of them.The bottle opener is a great conversation piece . Also rest assured , they do hold up to wear and tear . I was skeptical when I bought these how long they 'd stay intact , but I can attest that they are still in and functional ... kinda mangled , but still intact and functioning.Also , if you think you 're just gon na swing your leg up and crack open a beer like Mr. Joe Cool , then think again . I remember when I first got these I was at a backyard house party while in San Diego . I was flirting with these two girls , talkin ' my game and trying to be smooth . So I grab another beer , and while talking to them , I lift my foot and try to crack the bottle open . Well , between trying to keep my balance and get the lip of the cap in the opener , I apparently shook it up a bit . When I finally did open it , the resulting explosion of foam shot all over me and the two girls . Not cool.I would suggest taking the sandal off to use the bottle opener feature.All and all , a great shoe . Fun and easy to wear.Another tip
 As if there is another flip flop could offer the style , comfortable , and mobility of the Mick Fanning sandal . The leather version of a very popular sandal is exactly what any avid wearer would appreciate.The sandal is sleek and looks good on a well maintained foot . They are true to size so if you wear a 12 , order the 12 . Overall , you can not and will not go wrong with this great sandal . It hugs the foot very well , provides great heel support , and the church-key hidden perfectly in the sole will be a great topic of any party or gathering . Great job with the development of a great flip flop that even the snobbiest would find pleasure to sport .
 very comfortable flip-flops . great for all day wearing . these are my second pair . i wore these all day for 6 days in Savannah , Ga. . I 've worn them to the beach , in the water , in a friends pool . they can take it and still look good.i still wear my first pair around the house or for shooting to the store . I 'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 because of the can-opener on the bottom . It works ok . Depending on where you have been walking though , i would n't want that stuff near my beer .
 For years I wore those cheap flip flops that I could hardly walk in . I finally decided to buy some better quality ones , and boy I 'm glad I did . These flip flops are comfortable , easy to walk in , and just flat out sweet ! Watch out though , once you have these you wo n't want to put on shoes and socks.I bought the Reef Stuyak Sandal for $ 20 based on good reviews , and those sandals are not even close to these ! I could n't believe the difference when I compared the two . I got this product for $ 35 , what a bargain ! Buy these , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I walked twelve miles in my Reefs today . I walked seven miles yesterday in them , and ten the day before . My feet have thick tan lines where the straps are , and not a single blister . My other pair of flip-flops destroys my feet , dying my soles black and cracking my skin . These do n't ; they 're comfortable , even for walking long distances.The only problem is that they can get very , very smelly , even though my feet are traditionally non-odorous . I wonder what it is about them that makes them seem to retain odor.Still , a wonderful buy and well worth it .
 This is my 4th pair of Reef Fanning flip-flops . In my opinion , they are the best on the market ! I wear them everyday which is why I have gone through so many of them . The heel has good padding so these are comfortable even on long walks . I know the bottle opener in the sole seems silly , but it is functional and extremely handy . I 've used it many more times than I should admit .
 Love these sandals . We received them very quickly and they are the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn . Bought them for a week at Disney World which involves a lot of walking and my feet were never sore .
 I got these sandals about a month ago and I love them . They are by far the most comfortable sandals I have ever worn . I love the bottle opener on the bottom , even if my girlfriend thinks its kind of gross . : - -RCB-
 I was never a big fan of flipflops - until now . These Reef Fanning 's are very comfortable - I wear them daily and are my footwear of choice . They are durable - I tromp everywhere with them - shopping/around town/chores around the house and yard - and of course , to the beach . Never had a need for the bottle opener , but if I knew about these `` back in the day '' , I 'd have worn out the opener . First pair still going strong after two years of hard use - starting to get a bit ratty , so buying my second pair , and surely not my last ...
 This is the best sandal i have ever owned , its my third pair , they are more like a shoe lots of support highly recomend to anyone who likes thongs . You cant beat amazons price anywhere !
 Best sandals I ever bought and I have at least 50 pairs to match my clothes . Wearing them on the sand on the beach , on the cement , on the tar , on gravel , just about anywwhere and your in comfort . I have used them all -LRB- I bought 3 different pairs -RRB- and they are just perfect . No blisters , not cuts , no scrathes and for someone diabetic who needs to make sure they take care of their feet due to gangarene , these are the best . Buy them ... you 'll love them .
 i bought these sandals after i found out at the beach party they had a bottle opener built-in . . yes a must have . then i realized that they were very comfortable and you can walk in these all day with no back pain , for me this was fantastic ! i recommend to all to have the comfort and the fun ! Great product !
 when I first Got the sandals they where a little tight on the strap side and I could not slide my foot in like I have been able to with my other pairs . Other then the strap bieng tight the Fanning sandal felt really good on the bottom of my feet . I have been wearing them on and off for the past month or so now and they have broken in a bit still not able to slide my foot in and go but its getting better with time.These are alot better cushion then any of my past sandals . The bottle opener works wich is a plus but watch where you walk you can clog it up with some not so pleasent stuff that you wouldnt want around your drink . Overall A great sandal
 Really worth 5 stars . 1 -RRB- the inner lining is soft against my skin and 2 -RRB- the sole is made out of a heavy duty material to last . I have to admit though that I personally do n't care about the bottle opener.If you are not sure 100 percent about these flip flops , order them directly from Amazon , not from other sellers . Here is why . I ordered these flip flop but I had to return them due to the size issue . I normally wear the size 8 1/2 so I ordered the size 9 . But they were really too big -LRB- I tried the size 8 today and they fit me perfectly -RRB- . Anyway , the seller said they did n't have the size 8 and refunded my money . But I spent $ 12 for the shipping both ways and I have nothing to show for it . The seller never sent me a return shipping label or refunded the shipping cost . So I learned my lesson.In conclusion , do n't make the same mistake I made . Good luck !
 Alone . On the streets of Playa , searching for size 5 Pampers , I longed for refreshment and inspiration . Spotting a corner bodega , I determined that a cervaza was the only remedy . After making my purchase and setting out renewed on my mission , I realized my fatal error . The cap did not twist off . Distraught , I accepted it was not meant to be ... it was then that I remembered the hidden church key in the bottom of my Fanning Sandals -LRB- Men Sizes 4-15 -RRB- . My mission and my faith were saved .
 These are the most comfortable Flip Flops I have ever owned . I have a wide -LRB- EE -RRB- foot and normally wear a 11 and 1/2 shoe . Because the Reef comes in only whole sizes I went with a 12 . The bottle opener in the sole makes quick work of most twist-off caps . I would , and might just , buy another pair ... for dress-up . JFS
 I must admit that I 've never been much of a flip flop person . I have had my previous pair of flip flops for 3-4 years and had not worn another pair until receiving theses . While my previous pair was of similar quality , I did not ever imagine just how much a flip flop 's design could affect how they stick to your feet while walking . The heal is cushioned and raised to make for less `` flipping and flopping '' while walking . They are lightweight and simply stick to my feet better than any other pair I 've owned . I ordered two other brands offerings as well and found them to be my favorite out of the box . Some may prefer a simpler pair of Reefs over these , but I think these are great . There is a bottle opener . At around $ 55 a pair , these are some of the more expensive flip flops available , but I think the price is well worth it.PROS-Lightweight-great design-cushion-quality-bottle openerCONS-price ?
 Like the other reviews say , they are a little tight to start with , but they still fit great . They are very comfortable and you can tell they are good quality . They 're true to size . I got the brown/gum colour and it 's a little darker than shown , but I like that so it does n't look dirty . The bottle opener works great . Would definitely get this sandal again .
 These reef flip flops are very nice and durable . The grip to the foot is the most impressive part . I also like the fact that it has a gel heel support . Nice purchase and very reasonable compared to what you 'd pay in the retail stores .
 I got this pair of flip-flops about 10 days ago and so far I like my purchase . I have used the bottle opener on couple of occasions and it has worked well . Most importantly the flip-flops are very comfortable , and i like the way they look . My friends think that the bottle opener is a cool feature .
 I purchased both this flip-flop and the Reef Men 's Slap II Thong Sandal in black for my husband before heading to the beach . He immediately fell in love with the Slap II flip-flops as they were comfortable from the minute he put them on . I had read the reviews on this shoe and was able to tell him that many of the reviewers said it would be tight at first . This was true . After a few weeks , the Fanning is comfortable to him , just not as comfortable as the Slap II . He 's also not a big fan of the bottle opener in the bottom the shoe -LRB- wondering about metal detectors -RRB- , but I 'm sure that 's a draw for others .
 I bought these as a Father 's Day gift for my significant other . Needless to say , I purchased the wrong size . Fairly easy exchange with Amazon took care of that issue and he received them only a couple of days later . He is very happy with the sandals . We live in flip flops during the summer at the beach and he has had no issue with them so far . They do come equipped with a bottle opener in the sole , for those that are brave enough to use it . We just liked the novelty of it . We were looking for something that would last and I think we found it .
 Great sandals . Bought as a gift for the second time . Receiver loved them . Sandals were exactly what he wanted down to the bottle opener on the bottom
 I lost my Teva Elixer flops in a river this year and have been searching for a replacement . Teva stopped making that model -LRB- and is making nothing comparable in my opinion -RRB- so while these Reef Fannings are n't nearly as tough , they are better in other ways : - Comfort
 Very comfortable product , muy husband really enjoyed it and resulted exactly as expected , it is a very light sandal , and a high quality product .
 will buy again , good thick sole so it will last a wile , fast shipping and a good price but then shoes are shoes and I only have a few of them sitting around .
 I purchased these for a very dear friend who is going to Mexico soon . He was not to excited at first as flip flops are not his thing but once he tried them on and found out they have a bottle opener in them he ca n't stop talking about them and telling everyone he sees . LOVE THEM and the fit is perfect ...
 My 4th pair of reef sandals . Very comfortable . The bottle opener is very handy and is put in use daily during the summer .
 I purchased these sandals for beach/pool use for an aruban vacation . I was pleased with the quality . Would definitely purchase again .
 I 've had reef sandals before and the price was too good to pass up . What 's a great deal for the price .
 There were two , key reasons I decided to purchase these sandals/flip-flops
 my husband has really enjoyed reef sandals over the years , so far so good with these , the seller delivered them in excellent time and they were packaged as stated , we were also very pleased with the price , having searched area stores and could not find a better deal then this ... thanks !
 I 've had several brands of flip-flops and these both look good and have real heel support unlike any other ! I can walk all day with these with virtually no fatigue . Nice !
 Admittedly l used to wear crappy sandals , sketchers , etc. . These reefs feel so great , I will never buy a crappy pair again !
 I 'm a big guy and my flipflops need to be supportive and strong . So far after a few weeks of daily wear I 'm very happy . They are easy to clean and the heels are supportive but not squshy .
 Ive had these flip flops for a year and a half and their doing ok . One bottle opener is broken , and all of the logos have fallen off . And they smell like pickles , I dont know why . These flip flops have held up from many fishing trips , hiking , camping , and long boarding . Great buy , dont rely on the bottle openers , after a hard fall , the right foot bottle opener broke . Other than that , they 're awesome !
 I have owned 3 pairs of these in the last 6 years . They each lasted me about 2 years of almost daily wear . They are the most comfortable flip flops I have ever owned . The bottle opener on the bottom is a great `` Hey check this out '' feature but its the tread that I like the most . Tennis shoe tread on a high quality flip flop .
 For too long I wore the Target brand flip flops , and was constantly stopping to buy a new pair . I bought these after being suggested the FANNINGS by a friend who swore they were awesome . I 've had mine for a 1.5 year , and I wear them all the time -LRB- Texas has flip flop weather even in winter -RRB- . These can be found cheap too - I paid $ 55 in Journeys , but they can be found for $ 25 online . I 'm getting ready to order another pair in a different color . LOVE THESE FLIP FLOPS !
 I love these sandals , great product for a great price ! And I can open beer bottles with them , how cool is that !
 These are really comfortable flip flops , lots of cushioning ! They are expensive , but comfort and fashion are worth it to me ! I wore my first pair of these pretty much every warm day for 3 years before they wore out . The bottle opener is kind of cool . I rarely use it , but it has occasionally come in handy and definitely impresses people with my ability to open beers !!!
 I wear these everywhere -- they 're super comfortable and simply the best flip flops I 've owned . Spare your feet and get a pair of Reefs .
 These are the best flip flops ever made with the arch support that my daughter needs . She wears a mens size and it 's very hard to find white in mens . They are true to size .
 Great flip flop . Purchased for my husband and he loves them . comfortable and always a fun conversation starter with the bottle cap opener !
 Nice sandals and they do n't have the black soles that put marks on my carpet . Might be a tad expensive but they are exactly what I was looking for .
 Great flip flop for the money ... premium construction and the guys LOVE the bottle opener in the sole !
 Best sandals ever ! This is my second pair ever . I bough my first pair in 2003 and I just now had to replace them . I wear them every summer 6 days a week .
 I once thought flip flops were only for women and small children . That was before trying a pair on at the beach this past weekend . I will never go to the beach again without my Reefs .
 The reciepient was very pleased with these shoes . He particularly loved the bottle opener in the sole . Oh , and they are quite comfortable too .
 Good comfortable fit and first class looks . Amazon had a great price on these - half of what they cost in stores .
 its amazing the comfort and packaging its great i received very fast . I think to buy another model i really recomend this REEF FANNING model
 I wear these regularly ... they 're comfy but really can only use the bottle opener a couple times before it becomes too nasty .
 Aside from the bottle opener gimmick -LRB- do you really want to touch something to your lips that just had an intimate encounter with the bottom of your sandal ? ... -RRB- , the Fanning by Reef is a good looking , comfortable flop . After reading nearly every review , it seemed that these ran small -LRB- though a few people said the opposite -RRB- . I ended up buying 9 's , returning , and going with 8 's . I am an 8.5 in all shoes other than Puma 's which I do wear a 9 in . The 9 's were bozo-esque on me ; I would suggest trying these on in a store before purchasing on Amazon . The periodic deal on Amazon is great compared to in store pricing , I picked up three pairs for the price of 1 pair after utilizing an Amazon 25 % coupon deal they recently had . Though the regular Amazon pricing still beats the B&M stores hands down . The sandal is well built and comfortable , sans the strap that runs between your toes , that took a while to get used to . All in all I am very happy with the purchase and will be on the lookout for updated styles in the future .
 Very comfortable sandals after breaking it in for two weeks . The straps were very tight out of the box and caused pain in my foot after the first day . The leather straps loosen up over time and now has a better fit . The bottle opener causes the sandals to be slightly slippery on wet , uneven tiles such as the public bathroom near pools .
 A friend of ours got these flipflops as a gift . With the bottle opener in the sole , they are a big hit and a great conversation starter . I had to get a birthday gift for my brother in law who is 20-something and has everything . He loved the flipflops and they were a good quality shoe as well as entertaining for a crowd of his drinking buddies . They are not tacky and the bottle opener does work well .
 I have something of a love hate relationship with flip flops . Generally I stick with the $ 10 cheap pairs and maybe make it through the summer . This year I decided to do a little more research , and spend a little more money . So far it 's been worth it . These flops are surprisingly comfortable , even straight out of the box . The bottle opener is kinda gimmicky and awkward to use but other than that these are great .
 This is my first purchase from this brand and honestly the most I have ever spent on a pair of flip flops . And I would do it again ! They look fantastic , they have great support and the quality seems like they will last . The bottle opener on the bottom is a very nice touch and makes for great conversation at a bbq . One tiny downside is they originally felt a little to tight . As I have wore them quite a few times they have stretched a little and now feel better . I would say if you are back on forth between sizes go with the higher one , if your not , I do n't know for sure that I would recommend going bigger . All around great purchase ,
 The slippers are very comfortable and look very sleek . They 're great to wear with Khaki and Tan shorts . They also go great with Brown tint jeans too . I want to get more in different colors .
 These sandals are the best sandals I have ever had . These Reef Sandals are actually the second pair that I 've gotten . I was really sad when they broke after 4 years . Got my first pair down in Newport Beach for my 21st birthday . When they broke I was uncertain on whether or not I wanted to pay another $ 45 to $ 50 for a replacement , so I got some Old Navy ones that did no justice . After paying off my credit card , I decided to look for another pair of nice sandals to replace the ones I loved and sure enough , I saw them online !!!! There was no hesitation but only figuring out what size . The delivery was FAST !!!! Thank you Amazon , Sender , and Reef for making a great sandal.YEAH BUDDY !!!!!
 I just ordered a second pair for my alternate locale since I enjoyed the first.My only concern is the beer opener in the sole , a gimmick I do n't need . I worry that as the sole wears it could scratch the floor , though when I look at how shoe soles wear , it 's probably quite safe . Nevertheless it makes nervous ; hence a cautionary 4 out of 5 stars.I got a 1/2 size larger than my shoe size , and they fit great ; you may want to err upward a bit , too.I was also pleased with the width of the sandals , as I have a wider foot and noted a number of reviews of alternative sandals expressed concern with their narrowness ; again , these fit perfectly .
 I 've always owned Reef sandals ! Ergonomically they are great flip flops for everyday use whether in the city or at the beach ! -LRB- Plus you get a lot kicks out of having a built in bottle opener -RRB- I 'm size 11 in sneakers but I always go the next size up on reef the run a bit small . . but very little . Awesome product as always from reef . Reef Fanning Sandal - Black / Silver
 Although pricey , these flips flops are worth every penny . My husband loves them and a pair will last years . Great buy !
 we live in an island , so wear flip flops all day - i got these for my son -LRB- tween -RRB- in both black and white/grey . He loves them , says they are comfortable and goes great with his swim shorts and T 's .
 Ordered these hearing good things about reef ... excellent flip flop , very comfortable and sturdy . liked them so much I ordered another pair . order was recieved early ... way to go amazon
 This is about my 5th or 6th pair of these . So many different colors and styles . I live in Florida and wear flops every day of the year . These are very sturdy and last at least a year with daily wear . However , I still have 3 or 4 pairs that are several years old and wear them for yard work , etc. . You can not expect more than that from a pair of flops . Simply the best flip flop I have ever worn .
 I have worn these shoes for years . They last me about 7 years -LRB- alternating black and tan ones , that is -RRB- . Have them re-soled several times . The leather is thick and high quality so the shoes are initially stiff and require breaking in . This takes wearing a few times and I have even gotten blisters during break-in . But , once they fit you , they are great and polishing and sole dressing makes them look new after several years of use .
 I used to buy these Florsheim Imperials when I was in college , 40 years ago and am very pleased that the quality has n't dropped one stitch even though they are n't American made . This is my second pair I have purchased and I am extremely pleased with the shoes .
 These are well made shoes in the perfect order of shoe manufacturing . The view of the product though does not shoe the difference between a pimpled finished as to a smooth gloss finish
 Anyone in the professional world knows that image and appearance matter . These shoes absolutely state prestige .
 The Florsheim Imperial was always a better than average shoe back when shoes were made all over the U.S. I saw these in black and thought `` uh oh '' . The Floesheim retailer does not have these and the guy at Florsheim ca n't tell me who has them . I took a chance on Amazon . The shoes fit just like a 10.5 D is supposed to . Amazing ! Stiff , shiny leather . They cut under both ankles and were close around the ball of the foot for a few days just like they were when you could buy them back in the ' 70 's . Preventative bandaid on the left heel for only one day . Two weeks later I have great looking , broken in shoes that actually fit . My feet are n't tired and overworked after walking around the office all day . I only wish they were made in USA . Nevertheless , the shoe has twice the character of the rubberized footwear so commonplace these days . Thank you Amazon for a great price on a real pair of shoes .
 I own the black and the cognac colors of this shoe . I only wish I could afford every color . These are my favorite shoes . They are very comfortable for a leather soled shoe . The first time I wore the black pair was to a wedding . Danced all night without a blister . Keep shoe-trees in them and they 'll last a long long time . They are true to size in my experience.My only criticism is that the laces are garbage . Order a few pairs of waxed laces for them . Much classier .
 These are traditional leather brogues - or oxford wingtips in US speak - as some have noted in previous reviews they need ` wearing in ' as the leather is stiff when new but they mould to the foot and quickly form into excellent fitting footwear . Great price , great presentation . Hard to beat for value/function/price .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 These shoes proived to support for a hard game and have the looks of a street shoe . The perfect all around shoe .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 These shoes proived to support for a hard game and have the looks of a street shoe . The perfect all around shoe .
 This is my fourth pair of these sandals . They last about a year and a half and they are really comfortable !
 These were a Christmas gift for my husband . He is very pleased with them ! The size was accurate and the delivery was fast ! We are very pleased !
 Definitely like these sandals . Very comfortable to wear . Did get dirty easily , not sure how well they will clean . Overall , glad I purchased them .
 The quality of the show was great and nice and durable . However the thong material was very tough and the toe area was very narrow .
 This is by far the best pair of Sandals that I have owned . They are very comfy and do n't wear away , the bottle opener on the bottom of the Sandal is useful as well .
 The flip flops arrived today , once I put them on it was being on balls of cotton , they had a cushion to them that I have never witnessed in any flip flop in the past . I just love them , now I hope they last a long time . Based on other reviews I believe they will . I research them and the least amount to buy them was Amazon.com ... At a large National department store even with a Holiday 20 percent off had them for 18 dollars more , so this is was a deal ...
 I bought my reef sandals in 2006 . I wear them daily for 8 months out of the year -LRB- Minnesota Cold -RRB- and I still wear them to this day . Sure they have smoothed out on the bottom but the high quality of material have made it indestructible for the last 5 years . The sandal pretty much molded itself to to the bottom of my foot , making it comfortable then ever .
 I have feet of a 47 yr old , so I need support , yet looks . These are by far the best sandles I have ever tried . I could walk 5 miles in them
 One of the best flip flops I had ... this model is both comfortable and was at a reasonable price -LRB- value/money -RRB- . I use them both outdoors and in house , and they look great .
 These flip flops are a bit on the pricey side for my taste but after enjoying the less expensive variants of the same brand I thought I 'd give these a try . My complaint with the lower price variants is the padding over time gets compressed and does n't offer much support after , say , three weeks . So I ordered these as they were the less expensive of the higher end variant and aside from looking very plain they are more supportive from the get go . I 've been wearing them for three days and at the heal there is no sign of the compression issue . Furthermore the material does n't feel like it will be prone to such issue . Also there is no ink to flake away as was the issue with the less expensive Reefs that I purchased late this summer .
 These flip flops are the most comfortable summer shoes I have ever worn . Definitely a keeper and can be used in and outdoors . The added cushioning makes every step comfortable and secure .
 These things are incredibly comfortable it 's funny you wouldnt expect a pair of flip flops to feel like shoes but these definately do ! I LOVE THESE REEFS !! And yes the bottle opener works and is a fun conversation piece
 These sandals are the best pair I have ever had . They have a lot of cushioning , and good arch support . The straps are soft ; even after walking several miles in them I have no issues with blisters like I have had from other sandals . Highly recommended !
 My husband loves this flip flop . Not sure if it is because of the soft cushioned sole or the bottle opener built in but for the guy who never wore flip flops -LRB- always bothered his toes -RRB- He has been wearing them every day since I gave them to him !
 size is true to fit . my dad loves them . says they 're super comfy and the opener works well . just be mindful of where you walk . lol .
 Ordered these for the man friend and I got a great deal during the Amazon sandal sale . Arrived quickly and was exactly what I was looking for . If you have n't tried these on I highly recommend buying some . Reef sandals are amazing and these are no different . Great for men and women .
 I concur with all of the reviews regarding this wonderful flip flop . I have worn this flip flop every day for 1 1/2 weeks . I wear a 9 1/2 inch shoe and I purchased a 10 M flip flop . This size is just right for my foot . My foot is an average width -LRB- D -RRB- , and the flip flop just fits me . If you have a wide foot I would not recommend this sandal . After the initial break in period -LRB- about four days -RRB- this flip flop is very comfortable . I mainly wear this flip flop indoors as a bedroom slipper . However I also wore it outdoors on a non-rainy day . Since the straps are made of leather , I would not recommend this flip flop if there is any chance of rain .
 My old fannings are worn through in the heel so i needed new ones . Leather looks cool.Exactly what I expected .
 i have just had them about a month but I really like them . I 'm not a huge fan of flip flops because I like a shoe that holds on to my heel when walking . But these have been pretty snug and dont flop very much . Maybe in time they might become more loose , but for now they fit like a glove and the sole feels good and supportive on your foot . Very well built and quality flip flop . I bought a size 11 and fits well . I can wear an 11 to 11 and 1/2 shoe . I 'm glad I didnt go bigger . I think its pretty true to size .
 These flips are the greatest . This is my second pair . They last great and are perfectly comfortable ... the bottle opener on the sole comes in handy on a hot summer day too !!
 Love this style of flip flops ... probably the 4th pair I have bought for my hubby ! Durable , comfortable , beer openers on bottom , stylish , what more could you ask for ?
 i bought this sandal for a woman , but i made the mistake in the man/woman size conversion . so please make sure that you have those measurments correct for a good fit . overall shoe looks nice and is comfortable .
 I 've had these for 2 years and have done everything from stand at a bbq all day to play volleyball and they feel great . The bottle opener in the bottom is best used while sitting down with your foot crossed over your knee .
 hye . . I just want to confirm ... this item I bought is an original from reef or not?I will buy many more from your shopThanks , ,
 I am very pleased with the purchase of the Reef sandals . They are not as comfortable as I had hoped , but the convenience of the bottle opener on the bottom of the sandals makes it easy to overlook a LITTLE discomfort in the sandal . I would recommend these to a friend . They have been very popular among friends and family .
 I ordered these after having a similar pair of black Reef sandals . Flat out , Reef makes the most comfortable sandals that are as good by the pool as they are on in the restaurant . Great product .
 Awesome fast shipping , they respond day & night , & are great people to deal with!They also carry a size 13 which few places do . . I will buy from them again for sure !! :-RRB- Oh and did I mention best price !!
 i got these for my boyfriend and he loves them !! he is a big guy and has trouble finding a good fit in a shoe especially flip flop - he says these are the most comfortable shoe he has ever had . i will buy these again for sure !
 Been using this sandal for about 3 weeks and its been great . I 've owned reefs in the past and the part that I really like about them -LRB- other than their comfort -RRB- is that they really stay on your feet . Honestly I can easily run in these sandals and I even played basketball once with sandals just like these.The bottle opener works really well even though its more of a novelty than a practicality . For example I can open a beer while standing up , but its usually much easier to use the bottle opener on my keyring.The only downside to these sandals are the price , but you 're paying for quality . The last pair of reefs I owned are still in perfect working condition even after two years of frequent hard use . I just wanted these because my old ones were looking a little beat up .
 I have a pair of Reef `` Fanning '' sandals in Black , Brown , Brown/Plaid , White and an additional pair of reef sandals in black . They are the most comfortable , best sandal I have ever and will ever own . I am hooked , most likely the only sandal I 'll ever wear .
 The flip flops the best ever had , great to have in mexico to walk around and able to open a cold beer !!!
 Who says you ca n't have your beer and drink it too ? These are the most comfortable flip-flops I 've ever owned , and I can open my bottles too !! I 'm seriously considering getting another pair now in case they are discontinued !
 My husband loves his reefs and he refuses to wear other sandal brands . It was shipped and received within a week and we could n't be happier with the service !
 These sandals are very comfortable and stylish . The bottle opener is a great feature and does not get bent from walking . As you wear these , they get more comfortable as the heel molds to yours as described in the description . All in all - a great product .
 Just what the doctor ordered ... comfortable flip flops for my laid back lifestyle.They look good on my tired old dogs and feel great too . Thanks for the great deal Amazon ... you Be Amazing .
 Reefs come in third place behind Sole and Olukai flip flops . However these are solid performers at this price point and the Fanning is likely their best although not the most expensive in their line . I would like more forefoot cushioning and a better arch design . They take at least a full day to dry out properly when wet . I have about 4 pairs . I still have and own my first pair of Fanning Reef 's . They are showing signs of wear but no breakdown . It is a quality sandal and the value / price point for this sandal is outstanding . I aways buy a full size to half size up in just about any flip flop design . Ca n't go wrong with reefs . Very durable shoes and I like the air max tech they have in the heel .
 They seem to be of nice quality and matched the pics . A bit overpriced in my opinion -LRB- $ 45 for flip flops ? -RRB- but hey . . to each their own ! If you 've worn a Reef product before and like what they make , go for it ! Amazon pricing competitive as usual .
 * True to size * Lighter than expected given the bulk of the sole * Durable * Comfortable * Heal pad/cup helps releieve plantar facilitis pain
 exactly what I ordered ! The bottle opener on the bottom is perfect . These are great for drinking in the summertime .
 excellent product quality and designexcellent comfortable design , good qualitygood fit and excellent color combinationI like very much
 Reef brand sandals are a great quality . I own some that have lasted me 4 years and are still going so I bought these for my husband and he loves them ! He has size 13 shoes and they fit comfortably . The bottle opener on the bottom is a very cool feature and he was excited about it but I think it 's more of a novelty . Unless we lived by the ocean ...
 This sandal is great . My hubby loves the bottle opener on bottom , it comes in handy and is a great conversation piece . It is also very comfortable .
 I had this now for few weeks . It 's very comfortable And smooth . I can walk for hours now on this without worrying about any pain . Definitely worth a investment . Also , it looks stunningly beautiful than on pictures
 I am on my 4th pair of Fannings . They are the most comfortable and stylish flip flops ever , and BTW that metal tab on the sole is for opening beer bottles . Just sayin ' . If you think it might be time to take that bottle opener off your key chain -LRB- parents , cops and bosses think poorly of that -RRB- wear it on your feet instead .
 I bought these flip flops for my husband . He received a pair from his son but they were a size too big . He enjoyed them still and wore the heck out of them . When I saw these at such a great price I had to get them for him ! I bought the size that fits his foot better and he has thoroughly enjoyed them !
 My feet hurt when I walk barefoot for long periods of time these were purchased for a trip to maui . I found myself wearing them around the house before my trip to break them in but they needed little breaking in . They are pretty comfortable and my feet do n't hurt they have nice arch support . The can opener on the bottom is a little odd lol .
 I bought a pair of these shoes about 6 months ago due to the great reviews . They are very comfortable sandal . So , I decided to buy the same sandal , same style , same size but a different color . These came and they were too tight for my wide feet . Amazon was kind enough to allow me to return them . Do not buy if you have wide feet . I got lucky on the first pair .
 Purchased these flip flops I guess 3 years ago -LRB- geez that went by quicker than I thought -RRB- . I guess I should follow that by saying that I do not wear them all the time , generally my lifestyle has me choosing different options when it comes to footwear . That being said my Reefs have seen significant use in hot weather , wet conditions , sand , and I do love them.As far as these go they are durable , they 've been worn , but not to the point where I 've taken serious notice in any way . They sit comfortably on my feet , still look good . The bottle opener on the bottom is very functional , but as others have mentioned you will look like a fool if you try and do it while standing . So you too will learn that the best approach is to just remove the flip flop first before attempting to open the bottle . But used in that fashion it is also a great conversation piece.The soles are thick and provide appropriate cushioning for all day comfort , at least for me . I tend to not get sore feet walking around in anything . The pair I purchased did come with a little design on the top of the foot strap . It looks nice it 's held up well , it 's not the reason I bought the pair by any means , but I 'm not complaining . Another side note here , the colors wo n't run/stain when they get wet . I know some other flip flops can `` bleed '' a little and stain your feet . I 've had zero issues with anything of the sort happening with these.Overall I 've had no issues to report with them , after going through a lot of crappy flip flops I can tell you that it is worth it to pay for quality -LRB- and that is true for most things in life , the earlier ya realize it the happier you 'll be -RRB- . These you can wear and wear out happily . When my pair does finally die , I will be looking at purchasing Reefs again as it has been a worthwhile experience
 Sturdy flop . Bottle opener is a plus ... of course . Flop is tall on the heel side but comfortable . Should buy a size bigger seems to run a touch small . Withholding the 5th star because I felt the price was a little high .
 This is my second pair of these sandals . The first pair I picked up in 2009 and now in 2012 after daily use for 4-5 months each year the toe strap , or whatever it is called , started to give way a little . Decided to it a new pair at $ 39.99 on amazon vs the $ 69 I paid in 2009 . Love these sandals and they are super comfortable after a little break in . The fabric that goes across your foot rubs while breaking in which tends to give you a burn like skin issue but that break in period is only a couple days.I love the handy bottle opener on each bottom and it has come in handy plenty of times , mostly while on vacationWould 100 % recommend
 Im not a big fan of wearing flip flops . Even though these are 100x better than any pair I 've owned . I bought them to wear around the pool . They are pretty comfy and the build quality is very good . They should last me forever since I barely wear them . I still prefer to slip on my crocs when hanging around the yard .
 A freind of mine has these and my husband thought it was cool to always have a bottle opener -LRB- even though it is kinda gross if you think about it -RRB- So I purchased these shoes as a Fathers Day Gift for my husband . They are VERY Comfy ! He loves them !
 Its been little under 2 weeks now and these are very comfortable . It is much better than the Nike flip flops that I had for over 3 years . Order as per the size chart and it will be a perfect fit .
 I purchased these as a replacement for my croc flip flops after reading the reviews . These flip flops are very comfortable and provide much more support than my prior ones . The bottle opener on the bottom is fun , although I 've only used it once just to try it out . Overall , I think these are very good flip flops . My only gripe is that I think they are price a bit too high .
 Got for my husband for Father 's Day . He has a job where he 's on his feet all dayand I wanted to get him something not only nice looking , but cushiony & comfortable as well , mission accomplished . These are also kinda fun , they have a bottle opener on the bottomof each sandal . My daughters and I may get a pair also ; -RRB- Will definitely buy from this seller again.Received quickly . I highly recommend .
 I bought these for my brother for Father 's Day last year on a family vacation in San Diego . And guess what he got again this year ? He says these are the best flip flops in the world and threw out every other pair he had . Reef Flips rock !!!!
 I have another pair of Fannings bought slightly over a year ago . It 's one of the more comfortable flips I 've had -LRB- the other being the Chaco thongs -RRB- . As the fanning started showing some wear I decided to get a new pair.While the new pair seems identical to the old , for some reason Reef have slightly changed its sizes and the new pair is a bit shorter than the old one and in addition , the straps are somewhat tighter -LRB- shorter -RRB- . In part , this difference may be due to the wear on the older pair . However , it appears to be also related to slight alterations to the model.Bottom line , the new pair has the same high quality build and comfort level . If , like me , you 're somewhere between two sizes and like to wear loose flips , consider buying the next size up .
 I have had two pairs of these , comfy , last well . I just wanted to say that I would prefer they lose the silly bottle opener . I do n't like to drink where I walk -LRB- or ... . where I eat , for that matter -RRB- . These will also scratch boat decks and wood floors when they get worn down a little . On boat decks it 's worse because there are curved surfaces where even new shoes will gouge the gelcoat or paint . Great way to get thrown overboard or not invited on subsequent fishing trips . They should include a nice aluminum bottle opener key chain instead , would cost them 0.10 if that .
 The title says it . This is a great product ! My second set of Reef Fannings and I do n't think I could be much happier with them . Very comfortable , looks great for kicking around town , and perfect for a day on the boat . Plus , you never have to worry about forgetting your bottle-opener . Also , shipping was quick and painless . Only downside is they are a bit pricey . Also , be careful about size . I am usually a US 9.5 , but I got an 8.5 and it fits me perfectly ... Overall , great experience !
 I purchased this pair online . I had a pair purchased from a store . These sandals are simply fantastic . They provide me with the type of arch and heel support I need . I was thrilled to get a pair from Amazon at a fraction of the cost locally . Everything arrived timely and in perfect shape . I would recommend the Fanning model to anyone who likes thong sandals and wants lasting comfort and value .
 These sandals are usually a lot more expensive at the mall ! My husband really likes the bottle opener on the sole of the shoe .
 These are great . My husband would never wear flip flops now I ca n't get him to take these off .
 My husband loves these flops ! He has skinny bony feet that hurt a lot if he wears flip flops around too much , but finds these really supportive on his heel especially , where he needs it most . He also says they are soft on top of his foot , do n't chafe between the toes , and have good arch support.I 'm sure the beer opener on the bottom does n't hurt , since he is really into sports and tailgating during football season -LRB- we live in the south , so flip flops are common pretty much year round -RRB- . I actually just replaced his old pair -LRB- about 5 years old ! -RRB- with a new pair that is the same .
 I got these sandals about a month ago and I love them . They are by far the most comfortable sandals I have ever worn . I love the bottle opener on the bottom , even if my girlfriend thinks its kind of gross . : - -RCB-
 I was never a big fan of flipflops - until now . These Reef Fanning 's are very comfortable - I wear them daily and are my footwear of choice . They are durable - I tromp everywhere with them - shopping/around town/chores around the house and yard - and of course , to the beach . Never had a need for the bottle opener , but if I knew about these `` back in the day '' , I 'd have worn out the opener . First pair still going strong after two years of hard use - starting to get a bit ratty , so buying my second pair , and surely not my last ...
 This is the best sandal i have ever owned , its my third pair , they are more like a shoe lots of support highly recomend to anyone who likes thongs . You cant beat amazons price anywhere !
 Best sandals I ever bought and I have at least 50 pairs to match my clothes . Wearing them on the sand on the beach , on the cement , on the tar , on gravel , just about anywwhere and your in comfort . I have used them all -LRB- I bought 3 different pairs -RRB- and they are just perfect . No blisters , not cuts , no scrathes and for someone diabetic who needs to make sure they take care of their feet due to gangarene , these are the best . Buy them ... you 'll love them .
 i bought these sandals after i found out at the beach party they had a bottle opener built-in . . yes a must have . then i realized that they were very comfortable and you can walk in these all day with no back pain , for me this was fantastic ! i recommend to all to have the comfort and the fun ! Great product !
 when I first Got the sandals they where a little tight on the strap side and I could not slide my foot in like I have been able to with my other pairs . Other then the strap bieng tight the Fanning sandal felt really good on the bottom of my feet . I have been wearing them on and off for the past month or so now and they have broken in a bit still not able to slide my foot in and go but its getting better with time.These are alot better cushion then any of my past sandals . The bottle opener works wich is a plus but watch where you walk you can clog it up with some not so pleasent stuff that you wouldnt want around your drink . Overall A great sandal
 Really worth 5 stars . 1 -RRB- the inner lining is soft against my skin and 2 -RRB- the sole is made out of a heavy duty material to last . I have to admit though that I personally do n't care about the bottle opener.If you are not sure 100 percent about these flip flops , order them directly from Amazon , not from other sellers . Here is why . I ordered these flip flop but I had to return them due to the size issue . I normally wear the size 8 1/2 so I ordered the size 9 . But they were really too big -LRB- I tried the size 8 today and they fit me perfectly -RRB- . Anyway , the seller said they did n't have the size 8 and refunded my money . But I spent $ 12 for the shipping both ways and I have nothing to show for it . The seller never sent me a return shipping label or refunded the shipping cost . So I learned my lesson.In conclusion , do n't make the same mistake I made . Good luck !
 Alone . On the streets of Playa , searching for size 5 Pampers , I longed for refreshment and inspiration . Spotting a corner bodega , I determined that a cervaza was the only remedy . After making my purchase and setting out renewed on my mission , I realized my fatal error . The cap did not twist off . Distraught , I accepted it was not meant to be ... it was then that I remembered the hidden church key in the bottom of my Fanning Sandals -LRB- Men Sizes 4-15 -RRB- . My mission and my faith were saved .
 I received this item just as it was presented . I 'm very satisfied with the Reef sandals and the service provided by your company . I 'll be back .
 I was very happy with the fast service I received and the gift was received with much surprise as it has a can opener on the bottom of the shoe . I continue to use Amazon because i have never had any bad service yet . !!
 I love reefs . I had the same one before and it lasted me 6 years , it did n't break , but it looked raggedy so I bought a new one . Its long lasting plus having a bottle opener is a bonus . Great sandals .
 these are the best sandals ive had , without a doubt . . great on the beach and around the house
 I walk heavy on the heel and I can blow out the heel on an average pair of sandals in a matter of weeks . I am not convinced that there is actually air in these heels but either way they are super sturdy . This is the 3rd pair of Fannings I have bought and I will never buy a different pair of sandals ever . This particular pair , the dark brown , has warn a little quicker in the heel and toe that previous pairs I have owned but I have also worn the S$ % t out of these . Seriously , during the summer I wear them every day and for the most part these are bullet proof , and super comfortable.Thats why I keep buying them ...
 i live in Hawaii and wear these everyday ; they are very comfortable and the beer opener is more useful than i thought it would be .
 I recently got these sandals for my husband and he absolutely loves them ! We live in Hawaii and wear sandals/flip-flops all year round , so he wanted something really confy and durable that he could wear to work and to the beach . He said that after trying these pair he will never go back to any other brand or style . The band around the heal glows in the dark which makes them look extra cool !! Aloha : -RRB-
 This item is just on a class by itself . Durable and comfortable.I would give 6 stars if I could .
 I purchased for my 14 year old grandson , who thought they were very cool , especially the church key in the sole ... his Dad wanted a pair too ... and they are on order
 My college kid loves them but one of his friends wasnt too sure about using the opener since it comes from the bottom of the flop
 Well worth the money.Will last a lot longer than the regular flip flops.Would reccommend to anyone .
 Product as described . Bottle opener works well . Probably not the most sanitary way to go , but the beer kills all the germs ... right ?
 These are the most comfortable Flip Flops I have ever owned . I have a wide -LRB- EE -RRB- foot and normally wear a 11 and 1/2 shoe . Because the Reef comes in only whole sizes I went with a 12 . The bottle opener in the sole makes quick work of most twist-off caps . I would , and might just , buy another pair ... for dress-up . JFS
 I must admit that I 've never been much of a flip flop person . I have had my previous pair of flip flops for 3-4 years and had not worn another pair until receiving theses . While my previous pair was of similar quality , I did not ever imagine just how much a flip flop 's design could affect how they stick to your feet while walking . The heal is cushioned and raised to make for less `` flipping and flopping '' while walking . They are lightweight and simply stick to my feet better than any other pair I 've owned . I ordered two other brands offerings as well and found them to be my favorite out of the box . Some may prefer a simpler pair of Reefs over these , but I think these are great . There is a bottle opener . At around $ 55 a pair , these are some of the more expensive flip flops available , but I think the price is well worth it.PROS-Lightweight-great design-cushion-quality-bottle openerCONS-price ?
 Like the other reviews say , they are a little tight to start with , but they still fit great . They are very comfortable and you can tell they are good quality . They 're true to size . I got the brown/gum colour and it 's a little darker than shown , but I like that so it does n't look dirty . The bottle opener works great . Would definitely get this sandal again .
 These reef flip flops are very nice and durable . The grip to the foot is the most impressive part . I also like the fact that it has a gel heel support . Nice purchase and very reasonable compared to what you 'd pay in the retail stores .
 I got this pair of flip-flops about 10 days ago and so far I like my purchase . I have used the bottle opener on couple of occasions and it has worked well . Most importantly the flip-flops are very comfortable , and i like the way they look . My friends think that the bottle opener is a cool feature .
 I purchased both this flip-flop and the Reef Men 's Slap II Thong Sandal in black for my husband before heading to the beach . He immediately fell in love with the Slap II flip-flops as they were comfortable from the minute he put them on . I had read the reviews on this shoe and was able to tell him that many of the reviewers said it would be tight at first . This was true . After a few weeks , the Fanning is comfortable to him , just not as comfortable as the Slap II . He 's also not a big fan of the bottle opener in the bottom the shoe -LRB- wondering about metal detectors -RRB- , but I 'm sure that 's a draw for others .
 I bought these as a Father 's Day gift for my significant other . Needless to say , I purchased the wrong size . Fairly easy exchange with Amazon took care of that issue and he received them only a couple of days later . He is very happy with the sandals . We live in flip flops during the summer at the beach and he has had no issue with them so far . They do come equipped with a bottle opener in the sole , for those that are brave enough to use it . We just liked the novelty of it . We were looking for something that would last and I think we found it .
 Great sandals . Bought as a gift for the second time . Receiver loved them . Sandals were exactly what he wanted down to the bottle opener on the bottom
 I lost my Teva Elixer flops in a river this year and have been searching for a replacement . Teva stopped making that model -LRB- and is making nothing comparable in my opinion -RRB- so while these Reef Fannings are n't nearly as tough , they are better in other ways : - Comfort
 Very comfortable product , muy husband really enjoyed it and resulted exactly as expected , it is a very light sandal , and a high quality product .
 Perfect pick and the most comfortable sandels I own now , feels like walking in a tennis shoe , half the price than to get them at the local mall
 My husband says that these are the most comfortable sandals he 's ever worn . And the bottle opener is a cool little add-on .
 These Flip flops are so comfortable it 's crazy ! Than add that they have a bottle opener on the bottom - my husband might never go back to any other kind - he is always prepared if the party starts and we were n't expecting it
 These sandals are a must have . I bought these for my dad and he loves them . He loves them so much that this is his second pair . The bottle opener is a very clever idea .
 Like the title suggests , these sandals were a hit . I bought them as a present and it certainly hit the spot with a sweet price point to boot . While I would n't suggest actually using it , the bottle opener at the bottom is a unique little easter egg to have added I squirm at the thought of the germs it could accumulate but perhaps it does n't phase others . Alas , the workmanship is excellent -LRB- no tears or loose threads in months -RRB- , the look is appealing , and the feel is cozy . What more could you want ?
 My husband gets a pair of these every year and wears them consistantly until there is no tread left on the bottom.They are the only sandals he will wear because they fit him so well and are very comfortable .
 My husband had a pair of these , and my son-in-law noticed them and HAD to have a pair . We live on a lake , and they are a must-have and a fun topic for conversation . Great gift !
 Best ever!I 'm 280lbs and these support me very wellThey last for months and months of hard useBottle opener on each soleGreat quality flip flopsWell worth the priceThis is my 5th pair in 5 yrsI wear them nearly year round
 I bought these for my boyfriend for Christmas . I ended up getting the wrong size , but all I had to do was call Amazon and they sent me a return label via email . I was reimbursed the next day and was able to get the correct size sandal the next day as well . This was was all done just a few days before Christmas . Super easy .
 will buy again , good thick sole so it will last a wile , fast shipping and a good price but then shoes are shoes and I only have a few of them sitting around .
 I purchased these for a very dear friend who is going to Mexico soon . He was not to excited at first as flip flops are not his thing but once he tried them on and found out they have a bottle opener in them he ca n't stop talking about them and telling everyone he sees . LOVE THEM and the fit is perfect ...
 My 4th pair of reef sandals . Very comfortable . The bottle opener is very handy and is put in use daily during the summer .
 I purchased these sandals for beach/pool use for an aruban vacation . I was pleased with the quality . Would definitely purchase again .
 I 've had reef sandals before and the price was too good to pass up . What 's a great deal for the price .
 There were two , key reasons I decided to purchase these sandals/flip-flops
 my husband has really enjoyed reef sandals over the years , so far so good with these , the seller delivered them in excellent time and they were packaged as stated , we were also very pleased with the price , having searched area stores and could not find a better deal then this ... thanks !
 I 've had several brands of flip-flops and these both look good and have real heel support unlike any other ! I can walk all day with these with virtually no fatigue . Nice !
 Admittedly l used to wear crappy sandals , sketchers , etc. . These reefs feel so great , I will never buy a crappy pair again !
 I 'm a big guy and my flipflops need to be supportive and strong . So far after a few weeks of daily wear I 'm very happy . They are easy to clean and the heels are supportive but not squshy .
 My husband only wears Reef sandals because they are so comfortable and hardy ! These sandals are the best . A bit on the expensive side , but well worth it .
 Reef is always quality . Pricy though they may be , they are worth every penny . I will buy another pair in 7 or 8 years when these wear out .
 These are comfortable , look good , and are made of quality material . I just ordered my second pair after having the first pair for a few years .
 Love the sandals . The bottle opener is what first drew me to them . They were priced at $ 80 in Australia . Got them here for $ 36 . Very comfy and stylish .
 These run very very narrow . I do n't have wide feet and they are snug . Hopefully time will stretch them , but be warned if you have wide feet .
 These sandals are great . Very comfortable , even when wet and sandy . The bottle opener has came in handy several times already . I wear these things year round and will purchase another pair when they wear out .
 Nice sandle to wear in the summer around town even around camp . Nothing bad to say about them , price was right and bought 2 pairs .
 These are the most comfortable flip flop / thong / sandals I 've ever worn . I wear a US 9 shoe and these fit perfect . The bottle opener makes for a good party trick .
 Size Fit ok.Nice and Comfortable . Five stars to reef sandals.Use my reef sandals every day , at homeI recommend it .
 These sandals last forever !!! My husband bought his first pair 5 yrs ago and just now is needing a new pair . Thank goodness they still make the same sandal !
 I really like this sandal , the strap -LRB- or whatever it 's called -RRB- hugs your foot . The only problem I had was wearing it initially it rubbed against the top of my foot and broke the skin a bit . I let it heal and wore them again and had no problems so I 'm not sure if I just had to break them in a bit or what . The bottle opener on the bottom is quite handy but as the other reviewers might have already said ... take the sandal off before opening that beverage so you do n't fall over and spill .
 I have been looking for a pair of these sandals for my husband 's birthday . Amazon simply had the best price !! Elsewhere , the price was over $ 50.00 ! Love this purchase !! And the hubby 's pretty happy too !!
 This is a great Reef sandle , I think the bottle opener is kind of funnie . It sure would be , last resort for me , to open a bottle from there . LOL
 My husband loves these sandals . They are good quality , a goof fit , and last forever ! They are a great price as well .
 These sandals are for my 12 year old son . They are his second pair and he just loves them . They are smooth on the footbed so they do n't irritate his skin and they are comfortable enough to walk all day in . They also do n't rub uncomfortably in between the toes . We are seasoned Disnelanders and they work great for water rides too . I buy them a size up so they last longer while his feet are still growing . The last pair lasted 2 years . I would definately recommend them .
 Very nice quality Reef Sandals ... nothing else much to say . Most comfortable sandals from my point of view around . Get Some !!
 gimmick of the bottle opener i could do without . although i guess its nice to have just in case . good sandals though .
 Gave as a gift Received in time , Really annoyed I have to type so many words before you will take my rating ! : - /
 This is my husband 's second pair . He loves these flip flops . I will probably be getting another in a lighter color . These are all the wears outside of the office .
 The best sandals on the market . I hope they last long , but I bought an extra pair just in case ...
 I have something of a love hate relationship with flip flops . Generally I stick with the $ 10 cheap pairs and maybe make it through the summer . This year I decided to do a little more research , and spend a little more money . So far it 's been worth it . These flops are surprisingly comfortable , even straight out of the box . The bottle opener is kinda gimmicky and awkward to use but other than that these are great .
 This is my first purchase from this brand and honestly the most I have ever spent on a pair of flip flops . And I would do it again ! They look fantastic , they have great support and the quality seems like they will last . The bottle opener on the bottom is a very nice touch and makes for great conversation at a bbq . One tiny downside is they originally felt a little to tight . As I have wore them quite a few times they have stretched a little and now feel better . I would say if you are back on forth between sizes go with the higher one , if your not , I do n't know for sure that I would recommend going bigger . All around great purchase ,
 The slippers are very comfortable and look very sleek . They 're great to wear with Khaki and Tan shorts . They also go great with Brown tint jeans too . I want to get more in different colors .
 These sandals are the best sandals I have ever had . These Reef Sandals are actually the second pair that I 've gotten . I was really sad when they broke after 4 years . Got my first pair down in Newport Beach for my 21st birthday . When they broke I was uncertain on whether or not I wanted to pay another $ 45 to $ 50 for a replacement , so I got some Old Navy ones that did no justice . After paying off my credit card , I decided to look for another pair of nice sandals to replace the ones I loved and sure enough , I saw them online !!!! There was no hesitation but only figuring out what size . The delivery was FAST !!!! Thank you Amazon , Sender , and Reef for making a great sandal.YEAH BUDDY !!!!!
 I just ordered a second pair for my alternate locale since I enjoyed the first.My only concern is the beer opener in the sole , a gimmick I do n't need . I worry that as the sole wears it could scratch the floor , though when I look at how shoe soles wear , it 's probably quite safe . Nevertheless it makes nervous ; hence a cautionary 4 out of 5 stars.I got a 1/2 size larger than my shoe size , and they fit great ; you may want to err upward a bit , too.I was also pleased with the width of the sandals , as I have a wider foot and noted a number of reviews of alternative sandals expressed concern with their narrowness ; again , these fit perfectly .
 I 've always owned Reef sandals ! Ergonomically they are great flip flops for everyday use whether in the city or at the beach ! -LRB- Plus you get a lot kicks out of having a built in bottle opener -RRB- I 'm size 11 in sneakers but I always go the next size up on reef the run a bit small . . but very little . Awesome product as always from reef . Reef Fanning Sandal - Black / Silver
 Although pricey , these flips flops are worth every penny . My husband loves them and a pair will last years . Great buy !
 we live in an island , so wear flip flops all day - i got these for my son -LRB- tween -RRB- in both black and white/grey . He loves them , says they are comfortable and goes great with his swim shorts and T 's .
 Ordered these hearing good things about reef ... excellent flip flop , very comfortable and sturdy . liked them so much I ordered another pair . order was recieved early ... way to go amazon
 This is about my 5th or 6th pair of these . So many different colors and styles . I live in Florida and wear flops every day of the year . These are very sturdy and last at least a year with daily wear . However , I still have 3 or 4 pairs that are several years old and wear them for yard work , etc. . You can not expect more than that from a pair of flops . Simply the best flip flop I have ever worn .
 Best sandals ever ! This is my second pair ever . I bough my first pair in 2003 and I just now had to replace them . I wear them every summer 6 days a week .
 I once thought flip flops were only for women and small children . That was before trying a pair on at the beach this past weekend . I will never go to the beach again without my Reefs .
 The reciepient was very pleased with these shoes . He particularly loved the bottle opener in the sole . Oh , and they are quite comfortable too .
 Good comfortable fit and first class looks . Amazon had a great price on these - half of what they cost in stores .
 its amazing the comfort and packaging its great i received very fast . I think to buy another model i really recomend this REEF FANNING model
 I wear these regularly ... they 're comfy but really can only use the bottle opener a couple times before it becomes too nasty .
 Aside from the bottle opener gimmick -LRB- do you really want to touch something to your lips that just had an intimate encounter with the bottom of your sandal ? ... -RRB- , the Fanning by Reef is a good looking , comfortable flop . After reading nearly every review , it seemed that these ran small -LRB- though a few people said the opposite -RRB- . I ended up buying 9 's , returning , and going with 8 's . I am an 8.5 in all shoes other than Puma 's which I do wear a 9 in . The 9 's were bozo-esque on me ; I would suggest trying these on in a store before purchasing on Amazon . The periodic deal on Amazon is great compared to in store pricing , I picked up three pairs for the price of 1 pair after utilizing an Amazon 25 % coupon deal they recently had . Though the regular Amazon pricing still beats the B&M stores hands down . The sandal is well built and comfortable , sans the strap that runs between your toes , that took a while to get used to . All in all I am very happy with the purchase and will be on the lookout for updated styles in the future .
 Very comfortable sandals after breaking it in for two weeks . The straps were very tight out of the box and caused pain in my foot after the first day . The leather straps loosen up over time and now has a better fit . The bottle opener causes the sandals to be slightly slippery on wet , uneven tiles such as the public bathroom near pools .
 A friend of ours got these flipflops as a gift . With the bottle opener in the sole , they are a big hit and a great conversation starter . I had to get a birthday gift for my brother in law who is 20-something and has everything . He loved the flipflops and they were a good quality shoe as well as entertaining for a crowd of his drinking buddies . They are not tacky and the bottle opener does work well .
 Excelente regalo , c&oacute;modas , suaves , de buena calidad , se ajustan perfectamente al pie , el destapador de botellas es un buen valor agregado
 I used to wear Reefs in Hawaii and am now wearing them in Redwood City . They are non-slip and comfortable .
 I love these Sandals . I literally have worn out 2 pair in the last 3 yeras i wear them so much . Even up here in the Tundra of Minnesota .
 This year I changed from jeans and tennis shoes to shorts and sandals . My wife said I should try it . Might loosen me up a bit . I was wary of relying on sandals for daily wear because I 've never had a pair I liked much . I do n't like the feeling of pretending to have prehensile toes , constantly clinched to hold the sandals in place . I like to be active and sandals never fit the bill . Most of all , I prefer the comfort of real shoe inner soles rather than the hard pan platform of regular sandals . Well , let me say this , these Reef 's are the most comfortable properly fitting casual sandal I can imagine . Except for doing chores in my rubber boots , these are my new &#34; go to &#34; footwear choice . Best decision my wife ever made ... in footwear .
 All the men in my family love these sandals , and this is the only place I can get them at a slightly discounted rate . Very happy with the purchase !
 I 've had several pairs of Reef flip-flops and have loved every one . My husband has really wide feet so it takes a couple wears for him to stretch them out like he likes , but after that they work perfectly .
 these are the best flip flops u can buy for 50 bucks . super comfortable and supportive . they take a couple weeks to break in but when they do they are great . very sturdy and dont slip easily . plus everyone gets a kick out of the bottle opener . my first pair lasted me about 5 years and these are the only shoes i wear in the summer .
 Love the style , love the color . They go with &#34; anything &#34; and any &#34; color &#34; . The air heel really makes a difference especially when you 're doing a lot of walking .
 These are comfortable , high-quality , attractive , and relatively inexpensive for how often you 'll end up wearing them and how many miles you 'll put on them .
 Most comfortable pair I 've owned . The bands on top did n't stretch out much which I like and these are made more for people with slender feet , which I also like . The bottle opener on the bottom actually came in handy more time than I thought . I wear them every where in the summer .
 My boyfriend really loves these sandals . He said that they were the most comfortable sandal he has worn as well as easy to break in . He normally wears Birkenstocks so I got these for him as a change up . I have been wearing Reef sandals for about 6 years and I just love them ... they last forever .
 This is my second pair of Reef Fanning slippers/flip flops . I first bought a pair when I lived in Maui and they felt solid the moment I tried them on . They have great support -LRB- not the flat feel that most flip flops have -RRB- . If you 're looking for good sturdy , fashionable flip flops , you 'll do well to get any of the Reef Fanning slippers that suite your tastes . Mine are the black and silver . The ` church key ' on the bottom is a fun addition and could come in handy . A-Plus !
 Double stiched soft uppers very well made with durable sole ; I got a kick out of the bottle opener , Yes built into the sole . Picture a gel insert built into the heel & thier very light . But impossibly comfortable I think was the description -LRB- and I 'm probably asking too much -RRB- is the reason I didnt give them four stars . I dont forget I have them on . Which if they made half sizes would be better .
 I like these flip flops because they have good heal support . They are VERY expensive in the stores , so the Amazon price is really good . I could do without the built-in bottle opener , which I was n't expecting , but it does n't affect the comfort .
 Every spring , I bought flip-flops . After a while , they squished down , and my back would start to hurt . I asked myself , why are there not good quality sandles on the market ? Well , I asked around and got good comments on Reef sandles , so I took the plunge , spent the extra money , and I am so happy now . I 'm embarrassed to say that I weigh close to 400 pounds . Long story , etc. . . but , after 4 months of use , these Reef sandles look like new ! I expect to get at least 2 years out of them . Hey , spend $ 5 on flip flops and throw them out in September . Or buy quality and enjoy them for years . The bottle opener has come in handy too !
 These are my second pair of Reef Fanning sandals , my last ones lasted over 6 years . They have an outstanding build quality and finish . No loose threads or bad rubber here . Reefs are by far and away the most comfortable sandals I have ever worn . They do have a bit of a `` break in '' period though , so if they do n't feel amazing when you first put them on give it a little time.The bottle opener feature is what sold me on these last time , and I can report it works excellent . That being said do not , repeat , DO NOT try to open a beer with them still on your foot . Not only do you risk breaking the beer bottle or shaking the hell out of it in the process , you will look a complete idiot . Take the sandal off , use like a regular bottle opener , put sandal back on foot . Repeat as needed .
 This is my second pair of Reef Sandals . They 're extremely comfortable , light , and the bottle opener underneath the sandal is a great touch - BUT it tends to catch dirt & rocks and needs to be cleaned frequently . I wear them almost every day -LRB- you should see my tan lines ! -RRB- For the price , I can afford to buy a few pairs a year - and that 's good , because they are n't as durable as they should be . My first pair lasted 7 months when the piece that goes between your toes pulled up from the rest of the sandal . Reef claims to have a 6 month warranty , but I sent them the receipt and they still instructed me to return the sandals -LRB- at my expense -RRB- . As of yet , I have no replacement but I 'm hopeful that they will send me a new pair , and they did e-mail that they were processing my claim as quickly as possible -LRB- it 's been 10 days since they received them -RRB- . Given that in the past I 've purchased Tommy Bahama sandals -LRB- over $ 100 -RRB- that also only last 4-7 months , I 'm a Reef convert . If I do find a brand that is as comfortable , reasonably priced & more durable -- I 'll go that route . But until then Reef 's my choice.I do want to make clear that I am what the manufacturer would probably consider a very heavy user . I wear sandals every day all day in summer - these are n't weekend beach shoes for me .
 These sandals are great ! They held up well for the first few weeks , as I did a lot of walking . Also did n't mind getting wet . I bottle opener comes in handy too !
 I have been looking for a pair of sandals/flip-flops like this for a long time . They are very comfortable and well built . I have recommended these to a handful of my friends who wear sandals/flip flops .
 Bottle opener on the bottom comes in handy all the time -LRB- maybe that means I have a problem -RRB- but trust me you 'll look like a boss when you pop a top off with your shoe and everyone else is trying to figure out what they can use . These are also very comfortable , I was a little worried that they were tight at first but they wore in perfectly and I can say i 've been converted over from cheap flipflops to Reefs
 My husband 's previous pair had seen better days -- since he 's been wearing them for several years -- and a new pair was needed . These were perfect for him . They are a very sturdy and useful -LRB- because there 's a bottle opener built in on the bottom of the sandal -RRB- . A must for summer beer-bottle drinkers !
 The Reef Fanning sandals have been my go-to shoes for 10 years if the weather cooperates . By now , I must have had 10 pairs , and I have worn them with pleasure . They are always comfortable , supportive , great looking , and fun . Also , the price was good , and the option for free and easy returns is a BIG plus .
 These are my husbands favorite sandals . He wears the every day ! Super comfortable . They are a little spendy but worth it .
 When I slip into these things I feel like Mick Fanning . That 's fair dinkum , too ! Great product - no need to say any more .
 My husband bought them for our vacation at the river and he has enjoyed the from breakfast to dinner . He wishes he could wear them to work
 Good product . Not sure how much money I actually saved on this purchase though . Could have had it weeks earlier if I bought in a local store and spent $ 10 more ...
 I have owned this for about a month , this is my second pair of Reef Sandals . They are very comfortable and are not prone to flying off my feet.The only downside to them is that the silver decals on the sandal have already started wearing off considerably . My previous brown pair did not have this problem .
 Everyone 's feet are different so one sandal probably is not best for everyone . I 'm retired and I wear flip flops 90 % of the time . The Reef Fanning is my favorite so far . Some of the things that I like about the Fanning are things that I would look for in any sandal . I like a foot-bed that does n't get slippery when it 's wet . I hate sliding around in sandals . Same is true of the sole that does n't slip on wet surfaces . I like the contoured foot-bed that supports my foot and the wide strap that keeps the sandal very secure . This flip flop feels very comfortable and secure on my foot even when wet . I 'm on my third pair and I love them .
 my dog chewed up my older sons all blue pair of fanning sandals so i ordered two pair so he could pick which one he wanted and then i could give the other pair to my younger son . my younger son ended up with this turquoise plaid pair and now every time i see him he has them on . The shoes look better in real life and arrived in three days . they even have a bottle opener on the bottom ... excellent for college age boys like him .
 my dog chewed up my older sons blue reef fanning 's so i replaced them with this pair . the leather on this pair makes them look so much more expensive then the blue pair he did have . I think he made out by having my dog chew up his old pair . The shoes arrived in three days from the time of order and were better looking in real life .
 I never wore flip flops at all before . And now I try to never wear shoes . These sandals are amazing .
 These are my second pair of Reefs , the Fanning is much more comfortable than my other pair which are the Stash II . The Fanning has alot more support in the heel -LRB- more like a running shoe heel than a flip flop -RRB- . The bottle opener is a cool feature , I have used it more than once and it has came in handy .
 Reef Manning Sandal are comfortable , sometimes I here the can opener on the bottom of sandal hitting the sidewalk . Otherwise great sandal .
 My boyfriend did n't like wearing sandals until I bought him these . Very comfortable and durable -LRB- we only had to buy this second pair because the dog ate the first pair , he must have liked them too ! -RRB-
 These are lightweight and durable . They are very comfortable as well . I was hesitant to spend so much money on flip flops but my hubby loves them . Just be careful not to step in dog poop where the bottle opener is or it will be hard to get out !
 We got these for my husband who is a flip flop connesseur if you will and he loves them . Very comfortable and for the man 's man , very functional especially at bbq 's ! LOL . His favorites by far !
 Best sandals i 've ever owned in my life . Reef makes top notch sandals , the last pair I had lasted over eight years . I had to buy a new pair because they literally rotted of my feet . They lasted all through the time I was a lifeguard , deployed to the Middel East , and just everyday wear and tear . This new pair feels better , fits great , and just all around meets the expectaions I have of Reef and its products .
 I bought a pair of these sandals in February 2005 and am still wearing them . Like any sandal , they are fun and easy to wear . Just recently I 've noticed that the front part of the soles has worn down and they are smooth now . Also the foam bed has started to crack in several places , but for the price I 'd say I 've gotten reasonable use out of them.The bottle opener is a great conversation piece . Also rest assured , they do hold up to wear and tear . I was skeptical when I bought these how long they 'd stay intact , but I can attest that they are still in and functional ... kinda mangled , but still intact and functioning.Also , if you think you 're just gon na swing your leg up and crack open a beer like Mr. Joe Cool , then think again . I remember when I first got these I was at a backyard house party while in San Diego . I was flirting with these two girls , talkin ' my game and trying to be smooth . So I grab another beer , and while talking to them , I lift my foot and try to crack the bottle open . Well , between trying to keep my balance and get the lip of the cap in the opener , I apparently shook it up a bit . When I finally did open it , the resulting explosion of foam shot all over me and the two girls . Not cool.I would suggest taking the sandal off to use the bottle opener feature.All and all , a great shoe . Fun and easy to wear.Another tip
 As if there is another flip flop could offer the style , comfortable , and mobility of the Mick Fanning sandal . The leather version of a very popular sandal is exactly what any avid wearer would appreciate.The sandal is sleek and looks good on a well maintained foot . They are true to size so if you wear a 12 , order the 12 . Overall , you can not and will not go wrong with this great sandal . It hugs the foot very well , provides great heel support , and the church-key hidden perfectly in the sole will be a great topic of any party or gathering . Great job with the development of a great flip flop that even the snobbiest would find pleasure to sport .
 very comfortable flip-flops . great for all day wearing . these are my second pair . i wore these all day for 6 days in Savannah , Ga. . I 've worn them to the beach , in the water , in a friends pool . they can take it and still look good.i still wear my first pair around the house or for shooting to the store . I 'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 because of the can-opener on the bottom . It works ok . Depending on where you have been walking though , i would n't want that stuff near my beer .
 For years I wore those cheap flip flops that I could hardly walk in . I finally decided to buy some better quality ones , and boy I 'm glad I did . These flip flops are comfortable , easy to walk in , and just flat out sweet ! Watch out though , once you have these you wo n't want to put on shoes and socks.I bought the Reef Stuyak Sandal for $ 20 based on good reviews , and those sandals are not even close to these ! I could n't believe the difference when I compared the two . I got this product for $ 35 , what a bargain ! Buy these , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I walked twelve miles in my Reefs today . I walked seven miles yesterday in them , and ten the day before . My feet have thick tan lines where the straps are , and not a single blister . My other pair of flip-flops destroys my feet , dying my soles black and cracking my skin . These do n't ; they 're comfortable , even for walking long distances.The only problem is that they can get very , very smelly , even though my feet are traditionally non-odorous . I wonder what it is about them that makes them seem to retain odor.Still , a wonderful buy and well worth it .
 This is my 4th pair of Reef Fanning flip-flops . In my opinion , they are the best on the market ! I wear them everyday which is why I have gone through so many of them . The heel has good padding so these are comfortable even on long walks . I know the bottle opener in the sole seems silly , but it is functional and extremely handy . I 've used it many more times than I should admit .
 Love these sandals . We received them very quickly and they are the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn . Bought them for a week at Disney World which involves a lot of walking and my feet were never sore .
 I love my new sandals ! So comfortable and I love I can open my beers with the bottle opener on the bottom .
 As the title says , this is my fourth pair since the lucky day when I found Reef sandals . These sandals are the most comfortable I 've ever worn and I do n't plan to change . I use them all year round , reason why I 'm on my fourth pair . Each pair has lasted me over 2 years of constant wear at the beach , street , etc. I got a pair of 9 M US . This size measures 11 inches in length and just a bit under 4 inches in width , measured at the arch , so I suggest you pick the right size depending on the size of your feet . I normally wear 9 's and they fit just right , if I 'm able to find them , I prefer 9.5 . Size 10 leave too much room at the heel.This model , The Fanning , is the one everybody knows , it still has the metal bottle opener on the sole and the air cushions at the heel . If you are new to this brand and are still thinking about it , buy them already , I assure you , Reef will be `` the brand '' you 'll be wearing from now on . These are made in China -LRB- what is n't nowadays -RRB- , but they are high quality , very well built and last forever . I still have n't thrown my old pair out , just like another reviewer here , I keep the old pair for when I work on my yard . Great sandals .
 Had a pair just like these that lasted about 5 yrs . they did n't really wear out , I just noticed they started to stink ... so I bought a new pair . Here 's to another 5 years !
 The fanning sandal is easily the most comfortable and supportive flip-flop I have ever owned . They fit true to size and have the right amount of cushioning in the foot bed without being too soft and causing fatigue . I can easily wear these every day all day and not experience achy feet as with cheap foam flip-flops . Because they are so supportive and sturdy they do require a short break in period , so they will feel stiff at first , but once broken in they will provide lasting comfort & support .
 The most comfortable , well made , and nice appeal sandals i ever have . With the open bottle en the sole of the sandal , is a pluss ! Really can walk a lot with this , dont feel like u have a sandal , is like a sneakers shoes .
 Like my previous Reef sandals , I expected these to be comfortable from the very first step . I was a bit nervous since I 'm pretty picky when it comes to flip flops . I have had bad experience with the thong digging in , and cutting between my toes . But not with these . I already walked over 6 miles in them over the last two days . Nothing but comfort ! Highly recommended .
 I bought a size 12 in these , since I usually wear 11.5 or 12 in most everything . These fit very well , not too snug and not loose at all . They are very soft and comfortable and well worth the price . The quality seems to be very durable . I would definitely recommend these to anyone and I will probably buy another pair in a different color soon .
 This is my fourth pair of Reef Fanning Flip Flop 's . I have been wearing these flip flops for several years now , and really do n't have any complaints at all . The bottle opener on the bottom of the flip flop comes in handy whenever you want to open up a soda or beer , and they are comfortable , long-lasting , and stylish - what more can you want in a flip flop . The flip flops also shipped extremely fast from amazon and I 'm just satisfied to be wearing them right now .
 Although they are n't the most comfortable things to be running in -LRB- since they are n't made for running -RRB- , they are comfortable enough for me to wear them all day and not have sore feet when I go to bed . And the bottle opener on the bottom of them are just amazing . It 's hilarious to impress everyone by simply lifting your leg and popping open a beer or soda with your sandal is just awesome . 5 easy stars
 I love these sandals and wear them all the time . A good portion of my friends have said they 're unattractive , but that does n't really matter to me considering how comfortable they are . I 've not yet used the bottle opener on the bottom , but it 's a pretty convenient tool if you do n't have one otherwise.Just be warned , the sole WILL get very dirty unless you scrub it frequently .
 This is the second pair of these Reef flip flops I have purchased for my dad . Living in Florida , we wear flip flops year round , and these are always a hit .
 Best flops on the market , and the bottle opener on the bottom is a great perk . Wont wear anything else , highly recommend
 Very comfortable . These replaced a pair that were 5 + years old . A little more expensive than I would like but it took a long time to wear out the last pair .
 Arrives without any fancy packaging , just the cardboard hanger it would be on in a store . It was just what he wanted , so it was fine .
 Due to consistent aching feet , I bought these slippers from EMS . I use them primarily for indoor use to walk around the house . They provide very good support and helped me considerably in reducing the pain . Now I am on my second pair which I purchased from Amazon as it was a better price here .
 My dog age my husbands leather flip flops so I searched on Amazon and found these for much less than what I spent at the store . They are great flip flops with good support . Just keep them away from dogs who like leather .
 Great Quality and comfort at a great price . I 've had these sandals before and have been repeatedly pleased . Strongly recommend
 This is my second pair of Reef Fanning Flip Flops . The first pair held up great after being put thourgh a couple of years of challenging wear . Looking forward to replacing my old Fanning flops . Great construction and good support .
 These were a specific request from a son & I would think that a compliment in itself ! I suggested getting a pair of shoes when I saw the ones he was wearing after he got home from work . He said , &#34; I am not getting any til I can afford the ones that are comfortable & that I want &#34;
 Fast shipping -LRB- Amazon Prime -RRB- and perfect packaging . These thongs are awesome ! They fit just perfect -LRB- size 15 medium -RRB- and are very comfortable . I just hope they last ...
 I ordered these sandals after seeing all of the great reviews , and I would agree with the reviews , they are very comfortable sandals . When I ordered them I did not realize how utilitarian they were , once I opened up the box I saw what looked like a metal clip on the sole of the shoe , then I read some of the tags , and found out its a bottle opener ! Good stuff !
 These are replacing a pair that I had to retire after 6 years . Love the built in bottle opener . Love the comfort !!
 Reef flip flops for the most comfortable I 've ever worn . there is only flops I wear and they out last any other 2 to 1
 Very comfortable and more sturdy than many of the other flops last me a good 6 months , even if you have really wide feet they will still work out fine as well.however the treed is really hard to keep white
 I have several pairs of Reef sandals . They really are the most comfortable sandals I 've ever worn . Very stylish too . The Fanning style is as formal as a sandal can get . Highly recommended .
 Comfortable shoes are hard to find for diabetic feet . After 25 years it has become abundently clear that less is more for comfort on my feet . The air soles are a God send for heel comfort . The memory innersole molds to my feet . For me , they are really worth the mony . Amazon has enough of these shoes on sale , so that I can keep supplied without breaking tht bank . I own 6 pairs presently ! !!
 Very nice leather version of a classic . significant savings over surf shops for same sandal . Needed a couple of weeks to break in , but now very comfortable , and I always have a bottle opener on hand -LRB- or under foot , whatever -RRB- .
 Good flip flop at a better price than on the Reef site . Of course the bottle opener is a fun feature
 These sandals arrived on time and they are exactly what they said it would be like . The price was perfect . Bought these for my husband who lives in them because he said they are so comfortable and they look very stylish too . Would definitely be buying another pair soon .
 Very comfortable sandals but I wear a size 13 sneakers and ordered size 14 sandals and they are still a little snug and sometimes give blisters when walking for a while . When only walking a little bit or just hanging out , they are perfect .
 These Reef flip flops are some of the most comfortable sandals you can buy . They have a ton of designs , so it 's just a matter of picking out a pair that you like . On the down side , I could do without the collegiate bottle opener on the bottom of the shoe . That is stupid and gross . Plus , if you 're that college and have a class ring , you should be opening beers with that . Otherwise find a bottle opener .
 I buy a new pair of reefs every few years . I 've owned this particular model -LRB- is that what they 're called ? -RRB- two times . They hold up really well , have a beer-opener built in , are comfortable , and look good . Typically a pair of reefs will last me 2 or so years wearing them just about every day from May-September . When I buy a new pair , it 's typically just because they 're starting to look worn rather than they 're actually breaking .
 Bought these to replace my reefs that lasted 5 years . I am confident that these will last for another 5 years . Word of warning to all who are going to buys these . Reefs have large and high arches in them , and if you get used to them -LRB- say for 5 years or so -RRB- then other sandles -LRB- not Reefs -RRB- will end up hurting your feets really bad .
 Great style . Great quality . Super comfortable . Very sturdy . Textured insole prevents your foot from slipping out when wet . I bought 2 pairs . One to wear around the house and one to wear when I go out . I always wear these when it rains . You could swim in these and they will not ruin . The material used does n't harbor foot odor and its super easy to clean.Never had to use the bottle cap opener on the bottom but its a conversation piece .
 These are quality sandals , but if you have a thick or wide foot , order at least a full size larger . The area between the base & straps is very tight & narrow .
 Clever with bottle opener in the arch . Fast shipping . Excellent quality . Had my last pair for 10 + years . Truly makes you think of a song from margarita-ville .
 These are the best flip flops ever ! My husband has two pairs and he swears they are the best flip flops ever . They are good looking , comfortable , and rugged . But , best of all , they have a bottle cap opener in the sole of the shoe -LRB- yay beer ! -RRB- . You have no idea how handy this is ! It is so useful on boats , on hikes , at parties , etc. . I guess we drink a lot of beer . But seriously , my husband has saved the day when it comes to beer consumption just by using the sole of his Reef sandals . It 's almost like having a super power ! My sister 's husband was so envious I sent him a pair and now he has all his friends wanting them too ! This makes a great gift for hard to please Dads , or Dads who have everything ! Trust me , you wo n't be disappointed !
 The brown trim is a bit lighter in color than what 's depicted in the picture . But , my husband still loves these Reef sandals and always requests a new pair once his old ones get worn out . Even though I think using the bottle opener is a little bit gross , we 've resorted to using it on several occasions .
 GREAT FIT , COMFORTABLE . HUSBAND LOVES THESE.HE SAVES WEARING THESE FOR VACATION SO I BOUGHT ANOTHER PAIR.GREAT PRICE FOR CHRISTMAS GIFT .
 I have had these sandals for a month now and all I could say is that they were worth it ! I bought them mainly because of my plantar fasciitis and it has helped with reducing heel and sole pain . They provide great comfort and I am very pleased with the product !
 These flip flops serve their purpose well . They are sturdy , comfortable and the bottle opener on the bottom is a very handy feature and quite a conversation piece . Unlike many other pairs of lesser flip flops I 've had in recent years , these do have a sturdier sole whick prevents you from feeling every little pebble you may walk over . As they form to your feet they do offer support as well . The design of the sole also allows all day comfort to wear all day on long walks . Although I still do have a hard time spending over $ 35 plus dollars for a pair of flip flops , these shouls last longer than one season of heavy use .
 I bought this sandal as a replacement of my old Reef sandal with the flask . Overtime the flask broke down and all the plastic broke out and so I was tired of the `` Crunch '' with every step . Enter the Men 's Fanning sandal , with the standard bottle opener in the sole I knew I would never hear `` crunch '' again . The break in period lasted maybe 4 uses and now they glide on and off . Fit is good . I 'm a 7.5 -8 in mens and bought the size 8 . It seems they are a bit spendy but they will last a very long time with proper care and use .
 They are well-made , cool-looking , and comfortable for walking around all day . Handy bottle openers on the bottoms are a genius touch . This is my third pair of Reef Fannings .
 I got my boyfriend this about a month ago and he absolutely loves how comfortable they are . He moved from Korea to LA and they 're perfect for the sunny weather . wears them every day .
 This was a gift . We consider Reef a good quality product . We received it quickly and it was fairly priced .
 Very comfortable and a good looking shoe . Seems well constructed too . The bottle opener on the sole is just unbelievable !
 I was sick and tired of wasting money on sh ** flip-flops that fell apart in less than a month so I invested in these and I love them . Stylish , comfortable , and durable . Also , each sandal has a functioning bottle opener underneath it , just in case .
 I wore out the first pair that I purchased about 3 years ago . I wore them primarily in the summer but wore them a lot . The first pair wore out on the inside of the webbing that makes contact on to the portion of my foot by my big toe . The lining of the sandal wore out until it was just the rubber inner part wearing into my skin . These lasted a lot longer then any other sandals that I have ever owned so here I am purchasing a 2nd pair that should last several summers . Not to mention how many bottles my previous pair opened . Never thought I would use the bottle opener feature but it came in handy .
 These sandals are very comfortable and well fabricated . It would be nice to have some arch support to make them more comfortable to wear for longer periods . I 'm looking forward to using them all summer .
 My favorite flip flop . Nicely contoured and cushioned footbed and quality leather uppers . Sole is durable and funky with the can opener attachment , although never got to use it -LRB- would have loved this in college though -RRB- . My third pair . Replacing only because footbed material compresses after a few years and cushioning decreases . Sole and stitching still in good shape , even with heavy wear.Recommended .
 Bought these for my Hubbs ... he loved them when he got home ! We will never wear another sandal other than Reef . They are much cheeper on Amazon too then other sites .
 The quality of these sandals are absolutely amazing . I wore them almost every day in the spring , summer , and fall for 3 years in all kinds of environments from the mall to the trails . During the winter , I wore them around the house and even occasionally outside on a quick run to the mailbox . About 10 months ago , I deployed to Iraq for 6-months and took them with me for going between my living quarters to the shower -LRB- everyday -RRB- over dusty , rocky , dirt areas ... and they held up perfectly . After I returned , I kept on wearing them . I can not express in words how good these Sandals are.They did eventually breakdown some -LRB- but no where near as fast as other sandals -RRB- and I ordered a second pair of these sandals from Amazon , which were just like my first.Other nice touches to this product include
 These are the best flip flops I have ever bought . I bought them for my son and he loves them . They are so comfortable , I had to buy a pair for myself . I have plantar facitis and they are just as comfortable as my shoes with orthodics . On the downside , my son is always wanting me to stop at a convenience store so he can buy a soft drink to open up with his shoe . Bottle opener is a neat novelty .
 These are the most comfy pair of thongs -LRB- flip flops -RRB- I have ever owned plus you never have to look for a bottle openner .
 Big husband and Dad and both size 13 and 14 its hard to find a bestFlip Flop to my family we are all big feet.Reef Men 's Fanning Flip Flop Help with this problem . I like and Buy always .
 Fantastic product ! Functional , comfortable and fun ! I bought 6 pairs as gifts for my groomsmen for my destination wedding!They loved them !
 I bought these for my boyfriend . He had a pair already that were old so he needed a new pair . These are the ONLY sandals he will wear and he wears them all the time . He LOVES them .
 This is my second pair of Reef Fanning flip flops . I wore the first pair into the ground and would not buy anything else . Super comfortable and a bottle opener to boot ! I use them on the boat , at the beach and everywhere else .
 My grandson is growing by leaps and bounds and needed thongs . Since he had jumped into a size 13 , most stores did n't have what he needed . I was thrilled to find these on line . These have been perfect for spring and coming summer in Florida .
 How excited can you get over a set of flip flops ? When traditional flip flops have always given me sore arches and calves in the past but these are all day comfortable , that 's saying something ! In fact , I purchased a pair of O'Neil flip flops a week earlier for my trip to Florida and thought they were pretty comfortable . A few hours of use though and it was the same sore arches and calves . I bumped into these Reef flip flops while my wife was window shopping in Florida , tried them on and instantly discovered these were different . As a person with only 4 pairs of shoes and does n't like to spend wastefully , I pondered a couple days the purchase of these but ultimately did after I got back home . Money well spent as I can wear these all day in total comfort . The well built flip flops and slightly elevated and firm heel is what does it for me .
 These are by far the best flip flops I have ever owned . They have an ar h support and you can wear them all day and your feey do n't hurt at all .
 The sandals are very comfortable and they fit my husband perfectly . He has a hard time finding shoes in his size , but we can always count on Amazon.com
 Good quality and comfortable , the bottle openers work great as well =D . They look just as great out of the box as they do in the photos .
 The only kind of sandals I wear anymore . They also last forever , which makes you feel better about the price . I would say they are worth every penny.Ohh did I mention they have bottle openers in the bottom . They do , and that is completely unnecessary but awesome !
 My husband loves these . We live in the desert and he tries to wear sandals as often as he can . This meant he was wearing out two or three pairs a year and some of them were fairly expensive . After almost daily wear of these sandals for over six months they are still going strong . They are easy to clean , have good arch support and are comfortable for all day wear . The white leather and accents on the side wipe clean pretty well and are still pretty white . The bottle opener is kind of a novelty , but my husband thinks it helps add to the arch support of the sandal .
 I bought these prior to a trip to Mexico for my boyfriend . I have a women 's pair that I bought about 5 years ago and I am still able to wear them ! Because we live in Minnesota the boyfriend was not able to break them in prior to the trip . He did get a blister on the inside of his foot but we are unsure if it was from the sandal or our morning runs in his sneakers . The best thing about the flip flops is that the sole is very stable and you do n't feel like rocks are cutting into your feet as it feels when you wear cheap old navy flip flops . Overall , a 4 star rating . The price is a little steep , but considering how long mine have lasted it is worth the money . I just wish the boyfriend had n't gotten a blister .
 I ca n't really say for myself , although I did slip them on just for fun - they are super comfy ! I bought them for my boyfriend and he absolutely loves them , wears them all the time . The bottle opened on the bottom is useful for those summer bonfires . The sandals are really sturdy and it feels like they wo n't just fall apart in a few months . The last pair my boyfriend had lasted 3 years .
 I bought these flip flops because they looked nice . Only after I ordered them did I realize there were bottle openers built into the soles . How cool is that ?!?! When they arrived , I had to put them on and pop open a beer . It worked like a champ ! I have n't worn flip flops in a very long time , so my between-the-toes were n't used to the leather strap . I 'm hoping the leather softens up and my tween-the-toes toughen up so the discomfort goes away . The soles are very comforatble . I would definately recommend these nice looking beer popping flippety flops .
 Second pair of these sandals , the most comfortable , longest lasting flips Ive owned . I wear them in the water all the time , they hold up great and have great style . Priced well also , would definitly recommend if looking for new sandals .
 Decent arch support keeps his feet happy . My husband wears them all the time . Bottle opener on bottom is unnecessary .
 Great sandal for a wonderful price . Just saw then the other day in aSporting goods store for almost twice as much . Very comfortable to wear . Took a few days of walking to break in but these will probably last me a good long while .
 When I first put these flip flops on , I was concerned they were too small . After a few days of wear , though , I loved them ! They are super comfortable -- no wonder they were the top rated .
 Great product , very comfortable , my first set of reefs , or flip flops since I was a child , the opener on the bottom ROX ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 wow dont lost this shose so nice and its my favorit color thanku amazon thanku saler many color very flaxbile
 Just because these are made for men does n't mean the ladies ca n't enjoy them too . Lately its hard to find a solid , durable , and versatile sandal made for women . I 've looked everywhere for a sandal with no sparkles , designs , or made in crazy colors that a girl can just throw on without having to worry about it matching your clothes ! The few I have seen are made with about an inch of foam that only lasts a few months and ca n't handle heavy , strenuous usage while keeping your feet comfortable . The ones that do that are all toning/exercise sandals that cost $ 80 . + ; no , thanks . These sandals are probably the best I 've ever owned . I went from 8 hours on my feet at work to dinner , a movie , then a long night on the beach with the ladies . I went through 2 wardrode changes but they all worked with the sandals and my feet did n't feel like they were run over by a truck in the morning ! These are good quality sandals that are worth every penny and the fact they do n't need replacing a couple times a year is an extra bonus . I 've recommended them to everyone at work and most of my family , all genders , and most have bought a pair or are considering it . When I told the guys there is a bottle opener on them they found that an added bonus as well . I do too on occasion . : -RRB-
 WOWWWWW !!!!! For the price , compare 50 $ box from the store.Fast shipping ! LOVE AMAZON!VERY CONFORTABLE !!!!!! I LOVE IT `` VERY CONFORTABLE !!!!!! I LOVE IT `` VERY CONFORTABLE !!!!!! I LOVE IT `` PLEASE
 I bought them for the bottle opener , I wear them becuase they are extremely comfortable . Ca n't go wrong ! That is all
 Bought during the big sandal sale ... ca n't beat the price or the comfort . Quality seems about the same as last Reef flips I bought at least 6 years ago , which are still alright to wear . This style is more suited to longer walks than the old ones - better arch support and more cushioning in the heel . What 's not to like ?!
 i like these shoes and i am glad that i ordered them . They came in good condition and i am looking forward to wearing them .
 These were for my husband , and are his second pair . The first pair lasted 6 years . They are well made , comfortable , and as a bonus , have a can opener on the bottom !
 Ordered these and received them about a week later and they were in perfect condition . I wish they would have come in a shoe box but they came in a bag , either way , they were definitely brand new . The price was pretty much the same if you were to go to a shoe store and buy them but I bought these in the middle of October and no store was carrying sandals anymore.The quality of these sandals is amazing . So comfortable and you can tell they are made nicely . These even have a bottle opener on the bottom which is so cool.Overall , I would definitely buy these again and would buy them from Amazon again
 Bought this for my husband 's birthday . He has had two other pairs , now of which had to be replaced because he wore them out . He loves his Reefs !
 The sandals feel great on your feet . They 're even more comfortable than some sneakers that I own . Beware of sweat accumulating on the surface of the sandals though , other than that no complaints .
 There is no other flip flop that my sons will wear - and I have tried . Theysay they are the most comfortable of flip flops and they never go out of style.It 's nice to have the color and style variety to choose from .
 These are the best flip flops I have ever owned . They are super comfortable and durable . I have climbed mountains in Montana in these suckers . I think they have a 6 month warranty too . Bottle opener on the bottom , meh . Although I 'd rather pay 5 bucks or so less for opener free flip flops of this quality , I have used the opener from time to time .
 I have never been a sandal wearer but gave these a try since some of my friends said they were so comfortable . They were right , I have quit wearing my shoes and socks during the warm seasons now as these are so comfortable . They did take about a week of wearing for the sandals to `` form '' to my feet but I was told to expect that . The bottle opener on the bottom has been the topic of more than a few conversations .
 Not only it is pretty much comfortable -LRB- but not as good as walking on the cloud -RRB- but also fancy . I definitely recommend this one for someone who firstly try flip flops . The rubber band is very soft which do not damage your toes .
 These are the most comfortable pair of sandals that I have owned , the built in bottle opener is just a bonus .
 Very good value . Good support , comfortable and very sturdy . compares to much more expensive brand like the Walking Store.Very pleased with the purchase .
 I like them and I am wearing them to where ever I go and I feel they will last a long time . gug
 Growing up i lived on a ski resort called Alta and when I was n't skiing flip flops were my shoe of choice . Since then I have continued to wear flip flops year round through rain and snow . With my abusive use of flip flops combined with being 6 ' 4 215lbs and size 13 feet made of sandpaper , I 've never been able to find a pair that have lasted me more than a few months . Its just a matter of time before either the sole separates from the rest of the shoe , or my feet saw right through the toe piece . These shoes however , not only comfortable , lasted me almost a full year ! The sole remained completely intact all the way to their there last day , however my feet eventually wore out and ripped the toe pieces on both shoes . Nonetheless , the durability of these allowed them to last over twice as long as any other flips that I 've tried . As far as comfort , they are also the most comfortable flips that I 've worn and remain comfortable due to the cushioned heal and the arch support the shape of the flop provides . Overall very satisfied but will continue to look for something with a diamond bit toe piece .
 These Reef Fanning Thong flip flops are awesome ! Very comfortable , sized correctly , plenty of cushion provided by the air sole . Well worth the 38 dollars I paid for the dark brown/white trim color combo ! Do n't know about long term durability
 these reefs were recommended for a Costa Rica trip in September . Great fit . Got em ' on now.From zip lining , to white water rafting ... need the comfort from head 2 toe . Got the toes ` covered ' now . .
 I got a really good deal on the Xs-1 and they finally wore out . I wanted to replace them but they currently sell at over $ 55 which is just not good value for me . Based on their reviews , I opted to get these Fannings . Having has Reef 's before , I ordered a size 13 thought I typically wear a 12 -LRB- size up -RRB- . These are nice , comfortable , and I like them . However , the Xs-1 blows these out of the water and in hindsight , I would get the Xs-1 -LRB- more comfortable , drains water quicker , and better arch support -RRB- . That being said , these are still quite good .
 these flip flops are the best thongs i have purchased to date and so much cheaper than the stores , i highly recommend them
 I recently took a vacation to Hawaii and , while there , had the opportunity to go on a dolphin tour . The tour was 4 hours and about halfway through , I got seasick . I spent the second half of the tour with my head down on the seat in front of me , staring at people 's feet as they walked by . The one thing I noticed over the next two hours was that one of the tour guides had on a pretty sweet pair of sandals . I had n't ever heard of the Reef brand before , but I made sure and caught the name of the sandals before leaving the boat because I was seriously impressed.The main thing I noticed was that they had a visible air pocket for cushion -LRB- similar to the old Nike Air shoes from years ago -RRB- . I 've never really been a big fan of sandals/flip flops at all , so it was a big deal for me to decide to drop -LSB- ... -RSB- on a pair . I must say that I do n't regret the purchase one bit . The sandals are comfortable and appear to be really durable as well . As a bonus -LRB- for those who are interested -RRB- both sandals have a bottle opener built into the sole in case you are ever caught with bottled beverages and no bottle opener.I 've been wearing these on a regular basis since I 've been back from Hawaii and would definitely say that I would purchase these sandals all over again . You get what you pay for , and these are definitely worth the money I spent .
 I ordered these for my 14 year old son . He loves them ! It has a nice design and he likes the church key on the bottom
 They are comfortable from the moment I put them on . Someone already told me that they know I 'm an alcoholic when I have bottle openers in my sandals . I 'm not but it was a pretty darn funny conversation at the 4th of July BBQ ! The bottle opener works great and is really convenient .
 As always , Reef Sandals is quality made , comfortable , and great looking . The only bad part is that they last so long , you feel bad for buying a new pair because your old pair still looks and feels great .
 Before I bought these sandals for my son I made him promise that he would wear other shoes when I asked him to . He would still rather wear these sandals .
 i wore these sandals on my wedding day . they were so comfortable that it was like i did n't even have anything on ! they matched perfect , and it was fun to tell people i had bottle openers on the bottoms of my shoes !
 I bought these for my husband he loves them ... the sandals are very comfortable and the built-in bottle opener comes in handy ... surprisingly the bottle opener is very sturdy for being so compact . Had a very easy transaction ... quick shipping .
 Great sandals , very comfortable and resistant , and look very very good too !!!! ... . definitely a MUST BUY !!!
 these slippers are alright . they cost a little more than the average slippers that i get . they stick to my feet pretty good but a little uncomfortable because i have wide feet . bottle opener does its job .
 This is a great product and very clever . Look forward to being the hit of the party
 Ive had these flip flops for a year and a half and their doing ok . One bottle opener is broken , and all of the logos have fallen off . And they smell like pickles , I dont know why . These flip flops have held up from many fishing trips , hiking , camping , and long boarding . Great buy , dont rely on the bottle openers , after a hard fall , the right foot bottle opener broke . Other than that , they 're awesome !
 I have owned 3 pairs of these in the last 6 years . They each lasted me about 2 years of almost daily wear . They are the most comfortable flip flops I have ever owned . The bottle opener on the bottom is a great `` Hey check this out '' feature but its the tread that I like the most . Tennis shoe tread on a high quality flip flop .
 For too long I wore the Target brand flip flops , and was constantly stopping to buy a new pair . I bought these after being suggested the FANNINGS by a friend who swore they were awesome . I 've had mine for a 1.5 year , and I wear them all the time -LRB- Texas has flip flop weather even in winter -RRB- . These can be found cheap too - I paid $ 55 in Journeys , but they can be found for $ 25 online . I 'm getting ready to order another pair in a different color . LOVE THESE FLIP FLOPS !
 I love these sandals , great product for a great price ! And I can open beer bottles with them , how cool is that !
 These are really comfortable flip flops , lots of cushioning ! They are expensive , but comfort and fashion are worth it to me ! I wore my first pair of these pretty much every warm day for 3 years before they wore out . The bottle opener is kind of cool . I rarely use it , but it has occasionally come in handy and definitely impresses people with my ability to open beers !!!
 I wear these everywhere -- they 're super comfortable and simply the best flip flops I 've owned . Spare your feet and get a pair of Reefs .
 These are the best flip flops ever made with the arch support that my daughter needs . She wears a mens size and it 's very hard to find white in mens . They are true to size .
 Great flip flop . Purchased for my husband and he loves them . comfortable and always a fun conversation starter with the bottle cap opener !
 Nice sandals and they do n't have the black soles that put marks on my carpet . Might be a tad expensive but they are exactly what I was looking for .
 Great flip flop for the money ... premium construction and the guys LOVE the bottle opener in the sole !
 Very comfortable sandals that have lasted through the season and provide a welcome bottle opener . Will buy another pair when they wear out .
 I had been wearing Reef 's flip-flops for years but different kinds , wich ever they had available at my local store . My wife got me two pairs of Fanning 's a yer ago , I have to say i was not very impressed with them , but as soon as I putted them on , that was it ! I just bough my third pair and I am not planning to get any other kind , the cushion is the best !! I am 240 lbs . so that extra is a must for me !!
 Very comfortable and great looking sandal would buy this product again.Nice support and the sole has a nice grip which you do n't get with most flip flops .
 Several years ago someone left a pair of these men 's sandals out on the sidewalk with a sign marked `` free . '' They were brand new and a little large , however , men 's shoes fit my 10 wide feet better . Familiar with pro surfer Mick Fanning and being a surfing fiend I grabbed them ! I still wear that pair every day as beat up as they are because they 're as advertised , `` Ridiculously comfortable . '' 'T was time to get a backup pair . The price for these here was extremely reasonable . I ordered the exact same size as the old pair . Tighter more supportive fit than the old ones . Things like dog poo will caught under the bottle opener so you may want to reconsider using it for that -LSB- opening bottles , not picking up dog poo -RSB- . The arch support is incredible . No chaffing or any soreness after running , walking , or standing for long periods . Simply a long lasting quality product at a good price . Arrived on time , with all tags , in perfect condition .
 I boughy these sandals for both of my boys . They are more then just sandals . They are very comfortable and supportive . Would recomend the highly
 I love this brand , very confortable , defenitely I will bought another one for my wife and my son.Highly recommended.Thanks a lot .
 I got these for my guy -LRB- for Xmas -RRB- who loves them . He had a pair from last season and wore them just about every day -LRB- we 're lake people -RRB- . They look great and he loves how comfortable they are on his feet.The Reef 's signature bottle opener underneath ? OK it 's a conversation piece , most beverages have twist off caps , who uses a bottle opener these days ? Still , I ca n't tell you how many people notice it when he crosses his legs and comment on it.All in all , we both love these flip flops , they are WELL made and have recommended them to friends dozens of times .
 Most comfortable pair of flip flops I have ever owned . I would highly recommend them -LRB- and have -RRB- to anyone . Worth every penny !
 I bought these for my husband for Christmas . He 's not one to wear flip-flops , EVER . He put these on and his face lit-up . He still does not believe how comfortable they are . The Nike air-insole feels heavenly and the thong between the toes is cushioned . They 're also great for me because underneath each shoe is a bottle opener !!!! Do n't know how I 'll feel about him opening my beverage after a walk on the beach , buy hey , open enough of them and I wo n't care : - -RRB-
 This is my 12th pair of Mick Fanning Reefs . I do n't care about the bottle opener novelty . These are just the most comfy Reef style they make . After about 2 years they go &#34; flat &#34; so I generally buy 1 pair of brown and 1 pair of black about every 2 years . Be careful with the metal &#34; key &#34; bottle opener on bar stools , etc. as they will scrape the surface .
 This is my second pair of Reef Men 's Fanning Sandals . I love them so much that after I got them I showed them to some friends and they loved them so I ordered 3 more pair . Two for Christmas Presents and another pair for myself . They are comfortable right from the start . The bottle opener is great !
 IN SHORT - > COMFORTABLE AS MATTRESS . * Very comfortable * High quality * Visible air cushion in the heel * DurableI had severe pain -LRB- something like plantar fasciitis and could not even stand for 5 minutes -RRB- , going for shopping with wife or any outing or just simple walking or even standing was a big torture only until I started wearing this.RECOMMENDED 1000 TIMES .
 This purchase makes these sandals my 3rd exact pair of this model and color . I purchased my 1st pair of Fannings back in 2005 , and have never purchased another brand since ... dead serious ... The only reason I purchase new ones every 2 to 3 years because I tend to be really rough on my sandals , and after a few years they can look a little aged cosmetically and my wife suggests I replace them so that I can wear them out to dinner , vacations , etc. . . I still keep my old pairs for around the house and yard work flips . You will not be dissapointed , if you are reading this trying to decide whether to purchase these sandals . They are ultra comfy , stylish , durable , well balanced , and the list could go on and on . I even got my Dad hooked on them , and he is a cheap skate !
 They are best described as an extension of your feet . These are awesome shoes for everyday use or even when just taking the trash out . The best part about these sandals is that the toe strap does n't irritate your feet between the toe and second toe like others do . I walked across the Walnut Street Bridge in Chattanooga back and forth a few times , and can just say for 12 year old sandals , they are superb for walking and do n't hold sweat at all . I swear by them . I do not think they are the best looking . I personally prefer the newOakley Hypercoil LX Men 's Sandal Casual Footwear - Chocolate / Size 10.0 , but would not purchase them because the toe strap looks like it would irritate your skin after a far walk on a hot day . Overall , a very rugged shoe that will last you a good 10 years .
 This is my third pair of Reef Fannings . I got these because I lost my last ones , so someone else gets to enjoy them . They are excellent sandals and I would n't consider another type . The foot support and build quality are really what set these apart .
 I got these sandals because my boyfriend had them and they 're awesome . Super comfortable , and who could complain about the bottle opener on the bottom ? Refrained from buying one of the girl 's options because the colors are n't so great . These sandals are seriously great , though .
 First of all the shoes are exelent as a shoes . I can say that this idea is also cool because is very easy to do up my shoes :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 These shoes proived to support for a hard game and have the looks of a street shoe . The perfect all around shoe .
 Review of product purchased from Amazon.com
 I 've always liked LifeStride shoes . These are very comfortable and they look good . I 'll definitely buy a pair again , soon .
 These little pumps are exactly what I expected to receive . They look simple and neat . I had to stretch the right one a bit as my right foot is wider than my left . I would definitely recommend them .
 These shoes proived to support for a hard game and have the looks of a street shoe . The perfect all around shoe .
 My daughter was so thrilled to receive these wonderful shoes for christmas this year . They were different and that is why she liked them . They came in perfect shape and I could n't ask for it to have been a better experience . Thank you so much !
 My daughter was so thrilled to receive these wonderful shoes for christmas this year . They were different and that is why she liked them . They came in perfect shape and I could n't ask for it to have been a better experience . Thank you so much !
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 These shoes proived to support for a hard game and have the looks of a street shoe . The perfect all around shoe .
 These shoes proived to support for a hard game and have the looks of a street shoe . The perfect all around shoe .
 These shoes are beautiful and they fit great . I am definitely going to buy these in a bigger size for my son to have next year .
 These shoes proived to support for a hard game and have the looks of a street shoe . The perfect all around shoe .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 These shoes proived to support for a hard game and have the looks of a street shoe . The perfect all around shoe .
 These shoes proived to support for a hard game and have the looks of a street shoe . The perfect all around shoe .
 These shoes proived to support for a hard game and have the looks of a street shoe . The perfect all around shoe .
 These shoes proived to support for a hard game and have the looks of a street shoe . The perfect all around shoe .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 My daughter was so thrilled to receive these wonderful shoes for christmas this year . They were different and that is why she liked them . They came in perfect shape and I could n't ask for it to have been a better experience . Thank you so much !
 These shoes proived to support for a hard game and have the looks of a street shoe . The perfect all around shoe .
 These shoes proived to support for a hard game and have the looks of a street shoe . The perfect all around shoe .
 This shoes are great for the underpronator , great design and superb cushion.eventhouh there is great cushion they are light.I ran without socks and they feel great
 If you are a neutral to underpronator then Asics Nimbus is the shoe for you . Consistently good fit , comfort and cushioning and Nimbus VII is the model where Asics got everything right - my feet love these shoes ! And for those who care about how their shoes look , then there has never been a better looking pair of runners than these - the silver , blue , black is vavavoom !
 I was looking for a shoe that would provide comfort while still being able to have the freedom to run long distances . These have provided me the ability to do so . They are stylish , comfortable , and were a great buy !
 Great shoes . Period . Tons of cushioning , great for those with past knee problems like myself . Price is just about right .
 After reading many reviews from other buyers I decided to get the Nimbus VIIs . What a great call . These shoes are awesome and I 'm putting about 12-15 miles on them weekly without any problems . The reviews I read came in very handy .
 I have worn these for the past two months and run fairly long distances -LRB- > 10 miles -RRB- on a regular basis . They have been holding up well , with some slight stretching , but nothing major so far . The cushioning is good , but you will probably still need a good aftermarket insole if you run long distances .
 EXTREMELY COMFORTABLE SHOES . FOR ME , THEY MAKE ME FEEL LIKE IM THE BASEBALL IN A BASEBALL GLOVE . THERE IS AMPLE SUPPORT AS WELL . WHEN YOU ATTEMPT TO BEND THE SHOE IN THE MIDDLE -LRB- FROM TOE TO HEEL -RRB- , IT DOESNT GIVE , WHICH REVEALS ITS ARCH SUPPORT . BENEFITS SOMEONE LIKE ME , WHO ONCE HAD ISSUES WITH PLANTAR . THE MESH UPPER -LRB- ABOVE THE TOE AREA -RRB- , REALLY MAKES THE UPPER PORTION OF YOUR FEET FEEL COMFORTABLE AND FLEXIBLE . I ENDED UP GETTING A PAIR OF THE NIMBUS VIII AND NIMBUS 9 . BUT YOU REALLY CANT BEAT THE PRICE AND VALUE OF THIS ONE . THIS SHOE RUNS A LITTLE WIDE , AND IS A BIT WIDER THAN THE VIII AND 9 VERSIONS . JUST GET THE DAMN THING !!!
 I bought these shoes for the extra padding the the ball area of the foot . Great wearing and light weight .
 excelent shoes ! and awsomely inexpensive . i 've used them for 200 miles so far and they go great . i can recommend them
 Good shoe . I replaced my worn out Nimbus VIII with these because they were marked down considerably . I 've run two marathons in my old shoes and plan on a couple in this new pair . No regrets , but the VIII does seem to fit my foot better . I have a large bulbous heel which wears through the material in the heel cup on all of my running shoes . Some shoes seem to be more comfortable in this `` wearing in '' period .
 These shoes proived to support for a hard game and have the looks of a street shoe . The perfect all around shoe .
 These shoes proived to support for a hard game and have the looks of a street shoe . The perfect all around shoe .
 These shoes proived to support for a hard game and have the looks of a street shoe . The perfect all around shoe .
 These shoes proived to support for a hard game and have the looks of a street shoe . The perfect all around shoe .
 These shoes proived to support for a hard game and have the looks of a street shoe . The perfect all around shoe .
 These shoes proived to support for a hard game and have the looks of a street shoe . The perfect all around shoe .
 These shoes proived to support for a hard game and have the looks of a street shoe . The perfect all around shoe .
 These shoes proived to support for a hard game and have the looks of a street shoe . The perfect all around shoe .
 I really like your T-Mac 2 Low in red , but it 's not my school color . I think that they would look awsome in blue . Keep the style the same , just change the red to blue.I think the style is great and if you made the T-Mac 2 Lows in blue there would be so many people in Spokane buying them . They already love the the other T-Mac 's . I know what people like to wear for basketball shoes too , because I play a lot of basketball and I get to see what shoes everyone is whereing.So you should make another T-Mac 2 Lows in white/blue/silver !! Thanks and if you want your sales to go up you should take my advice and get the white/blue/silver T-Mac 2 out before all the school basketball teams start to play ... and basketball season starts in mid-Novermber for the spokane leagues or earlier .
 The all white shoes are cool and all , but the red and white ones are sweet . They look and play great . They do n't slip on an indoor or outdooe court . These are the best looking and best playing shoes you can get for $ 85 . You should buy two pairs ; one for playing and one for just walking around .
 These shoes proived to support for a hard game and have the looks of a street shoe . The perfect all around shoe .
 These shoes proived to support for a hard game and have the looks of a street shoe . The perfect all around shoe .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 These shoes are beautiful and they fit great . I am definitely going to buy these in a bigger size for my son to have next year .
 My daughter was so thrilled to receive these wonderful shoes for christmas this year . They were different and that is why she liked them . They came in perfect shape and I could n't ask for it to have been a better experience . Thank you so much !
 These shoes proived to support for a hard game and have the looks of a street shoe . The perfect all around shoe .
 I love these shoes . If you have narrow feet , read no further , as these run very wide . I have a wide foot with a high arch and these are perfect . I get my regular size , as the length is fine . I also have them in the suede and find that they really stretch out after wearing awhile ; so might get them a half size smaller . I wear mine like house slippers , to the store , well everywhere . I have a really bad back and although I am still going to have to have surgery , they do help . If you love mules , you have wide feet , like a good arch support , go for it !!! I just wish they came in orange or red or some fun colors . I do n't know why shoes like this always have to look so earthy !!!
 These shoes proived to support for a hard game and have the looks of a street shoe . The perfect all around shoe .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 I wish shoe makers would make 1/2 sizes . i purchased a 9b and it fit a little loose . I wear a 8 1/2 shoe and a 8 would have been to small and a 9 is a little to big . What is the problem with shoe makers making 1/2 sizes in these type shoes . Other wise the shoe feel good and since it is hard to find a red shoe in that style I like it .
 I bought these a while back , and have to tell you these are my favorite go-to sandals . Very comfy and good padding for lots of walking . Will buy more of this style , in other colors , come spring . They run true to size and width .
 These sandals are beautiful . I recently wore them from NY on the plane to the caribbean-it was a long day but they were very comfortable . I am so glad they have the wide sizes , I wish more sandals would offer that . I plan to buy them in every color .
 I would have given 5 but I have been buyer these for a long time and I feel the quality is falling just a bit . If a manufacturer in the US would make something as comfortable and as nice looking , I love this style I would buy them as I really hate the fact they are made in China .
 Great looking western style leather slippers - beachy with a south-western flair . Comfortable . stylish and made to last a very very long time .
 Great product . Have worn these for years and they never disappoint me . Comfortable and good fit . Would n't hesitate to purchase them again .
 If you want comfortable sandals , these are it . I bought some from a famous footwear 5 years ago when i moved to arizona , and when they fell apart 3 1/2 years later , famous didnt have them anymore . So i turn to amazon - and voila ! they have them . minnatonka thongs ... they dont get any better than that
 These are great sandals ! I bought some last summer and have n't been able to locate them locally , but fortunately they were available on the Internet . Love them ! One of the most comfortable sandals I have found .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 I purchased these cleats because my backyard is steep and I lost traction while mowing the grass on the gradient . A much better experience this morning mowing with these cleats on , good traction for much improved safety . Acceptable price at $ 24.99 .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 they are cute , and wonderful with jeans . there 's only one down side , they slip off the heel very easily , perhaps they just run a bit large , but , totally cute .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 My daughter was so thrilled to receive these wonderful shoes for christmas this year . They were different and that is why she liked them . They came in perfect shape and I could n't ask for it to have been a better experience . Thank you so much !
 This is a classic shoe . If you are over the age of 35 you should relate to having to stretch a shoe before it fits well . The only negative is that the sole is leather and would need to be cover at a cobbler for the rainey season .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 This shoe is one of the most comfortable and classy shoes I have had in a while . It 's style is very feminine and stylish , I love the color . The only thing I can say honestly about the shoe is that is runs in whole sizes only and runs big , so if you were a size 71/2 as myself you would want to get the 7 instead of the size 8 . Other than that wear it and wear it well . You will enjoy the compliments .
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 I love these shoes . They are NOT my first pair but are from THIS vendor . They are well made and will last for years -LRB- my first pair is still around after ten years -RRB- . These sandals run large - a good 1/2 size . I wear a 9 1/2 and always size up . That was a mistake with these . I should have gotten a nine . No way to know without reviews , so here ya go !
 I really like the shoe , however , it is wide at the heel . I use an insert in the shoe and it works well . Good looking shoe with very soft leather .
 THESE REVIEWS ARE SUPPOSED TO BE ABOUT THE PRODUCT - NOT THE SELLER ! SO DISREGARD THE PREVIOUS 2 REVIEWS ! ALL PROPET SHOES ARE FABULOUS ! QUALITY & COMFORT ! AND NO - I 'M NOT AFFILIATED WITH PROPET IN ANY WAY ! JUST AN EXTREMELY SATISFIED CUSTOMER OF ALL PROPET SHOES FOR 8 YEARS NOW : -RRB-
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 My daughter was so thrilled to receive these wonderful shoes for christmas this year . They were different and that is why she liked them . They came in perfect shape and I could n't ask for it to have been a better experience . Thank you so much !
 I purchased these boots for my husband for valentine 's day -LRB- but ended up giving them to him sooner ! -RRB- . I saw these same boots at the mall for $ 110 . I could not believe I got them here on Amazon for just under $ 40 ! My husband , a 7th grade math teacher on his feet all day , says they are very comfortable ... Great buy and fast shipping !
 This boot is very comfortable and light weight compared to my wife 's more expensive Dr. Martens boot . I was very surprised at how light it weighted . It did take like a 1.5 week to wear out the leather to make it soft and comfortable . Before the wear time it did hurt my left toe 's Proximal Phalanges bone area -LSB- ... -RSB- It is very well built too so it would last for years like my first Dr. Martens shoe I got .
 This is the first pair of Dr. Marten 's I 've ever owned -LRB- it took me a while to get around to it I guess -RRB- and I must say that these are some of the most comfortable shoes/boots I have ever had the pleasure of putting on my feet . Not to mention that Amazon offered a great price at their usual quality service . If these shoes ever wear out , I 'll definately buy another pair .
 The pairs of doctor martens are good , comfortable and looks elegant . It is good in jeans and in cotton . It is one of the best quality well-known shoes in the world .
 I thought these were exactly like my husbands old boots . These are actually lined , his others were n't . He said they are comfortable , and much warmer than the last ones . Since we live in the great white north now ... I think that will work out fine !
 Pros
 I ordered these as a christmas present for my son . They were the perfect fit and they are his second pair he loves the boots
 Shoes are nice and comfortable , but they squeak when you walk . Put some leather lotion on the inside of the shoe where the tongue rubs and makes the noise . This has taken care of the noise . They should not have made the tongue with nylon , that is what is causing the squeak .
 These boots are a great !! Very comfortable , light weight and for the price you ca n't beat them !!!
 Could not be more satisfied . Probably the most comfortable casual boot I have ever had . I now wear these every day to work ... in an office setting . Great style , and are holding up just fine . Short period for break in and now they are perfect . I hope they still have this style when I need a new pair , but the way it looks it may be quite a while .
 Have had two pairs of these same boots for fifteen years . They are old school reto boots that go with anything . They are good for active people and fit like glove . You can wear these boots hiking , walking or working .
 I am now on my second pair of this exact style and color of Dr. Martens boots . My first pair was purchased in 2005 , and I wore them nearly every single day for about 6 months a year , for 5 full years , before I finally declared them to be `` worn out '' . For the amount of use those boots got , I could not BELIEVE how good of a condition they were still in . Apart from creases in the leather , and a little wear on the soles , they still felt as good as the day they were brand new.After half a decade of nonstop use , I finally decided to spring for a new pair , and was absolutely delighted to find that they still make and sell the exact same style , color , and model of boot . I happily purchased my second pair from Amazon , and so far things are going great with the second pair . I wear them mostly with jeans , and they are exceptionally comfortable for boots , and they stand up well in all weather conditions.I 'm hoping they still sell the same style and color of boot 5 years from now , at which time I will almost certainly purchase my third pair .
 I 've worn the hell out of these things day in day out . Snow , rain , sleet , mud ; you name it , these boots have endured it . For $ 35 and some change , best pair of boots I 've purchased .
 These were my second pair of Dr. Marten 's and as with the first pair they fit great and are comfortable right out of the box !
 These boots are the great quality expected from Dr. Martin 's but at a fraction of the cost from other providers . Thank You !
 Dr.Martens , what can you say ?! They are always quality !! Slight issue with the size 9 seeming a bit smaller than a normal 9 . But as leather does stretch , it should n't pose a problem . I originally purchased these boots for my husband for work , however he has been wearing them as a casual boot so far ! We love Dr.Martens , so we definitely give them thumbs up !
 I bought these boots before going on vacation on a ranch in Arizona . They are very good-looking boots - and after a couple days of breaking them in - very comfortable . Now I wear these boots whenever I go out . They are warm , comfortable , and stylish . I highly recommend these boots , especially at Amazon 's low prices ! : - -RRB-
 Dada 's are some of the best basketball shoes i have ever had . The only bad thing i have found is the price difference between youth and large . $ 20.00 more for a bigger size is rediculous , but other than that they are really cool shoes especially how you can personalize them with your teams colors and your team name , your name , and your number . Some of the reasons they are really good shoes are because they are comfortable , have good traction , and just look good .
 Great conservative work shoe ! Comfortable , as a reliable lounger with a pop of style . The color goes with browns and burgundy 's , perfectly !
 Beautiful shoe , comfortable fit . Iwear them to work and absolutely love them . I receive compliments all the time . They are trendy yet different from the other open toed pumps . A must buy !!!!!!
 The shoe was n't as supple as I thought hence only 4 stars , but after wearing them several times they feel like they were Made especially for me
 These shoes are very nice but they run small . The return process is very easy . Too bad Amazon did not stock the correct size for me and I did not want to buy from their 3rd party sellers .
 The style and pricing of this shoe make it a favorite in my inventory . Love Madden products for fit and style and Amazon 's price is $ 30 less than retail stores .
