 No other way to put it
 This effect has an interesting sound somewhere between a chorus and a distortion device with a slight flange . It really is a great sound and rather unique . Unfortunately , the gain is set too high by default . So that makes it impractical to use in a live setting unless you want a significant boost along with the effect .
 This pedal is cheaply made but it sounds terrific , makes even a cheap organ sound half decent.It really does give you that Leslie effect if you mess around with the settings a little.It smells of burnt rubber as it is cheaply made but apart from that , I would highlyrecommend it for a keyboard but not much use for a guitar really . The price is good forwhat you get as with all Danelectro effect pedals . I received mine through Jax Music Supply , LLCwho were great to deal with , for a fast and reliable service .
 Danelectro DJ-20C Rocky Road Spin Speaker Mini Effects Pedal , is an amazing little pedal!I use it with guitar , and keyboards.Using with Keyboards , organ mode -LRB- does n't matter which type -RRB- jazz , rock , gives me an instant controllable Leslie effects.it includes fast and slow ramp up , boost , volume/drive . thru a mixer in stereo you can do some amazing stuff with this inexpensive unit.The only drawback i have found is the buttons are very hard to engage and disengage.But i 'm working on that . i will modify the springs if possible and maybe even send a recommendation to Danelectro .
 Got this thinking I could make my guitars sound like they were going through a Leslie . Well , eventually it does , but usually by then you are past the point where you need it . But if you learn to put it on fast ramp , and hit it just right , you too can do that wonderful Bo type wah-wah when you do the chorus on Bo Diddley . -LRB- and many other times ... -RRB- Well worth the money , this is a two-fer , also being very useful with keyboards . Holding those chords a-la Steve Winwood , you can make your inexpensive Yamaha or Casio sing like a Leslie is somewhere in the room . For the money , Danelectro is the only way to go , as long as you stay away from the Cool Cat and FAB series . These food pedals and the original big metal pedals are the bee 's knees !!
 Got this for my cowbell and block . Nice and sturdy , takes a wallop and holds , does n't flip off or keep gradually loosening . Easy to put on , easy to attach instruments , nice piece , Highly recommend it . This Gibraltar is a rock !!!
 We bought these bells to use for Christmas music we play . They are okay , but really not very loud considering the number of bells .
 Used fir a jingle bell presentation . Sound is clear and pleasant tone . Durable . Easy for toddlers and adults alike to hold .
 The bells are exactly what you think they are and sound exactly like you think they do . My daughter was THRILLED to be able to make her own Santa sounds . They seem pretty durable and are great for the price .
 I love this book . It is some cool . I always look words up whenever I am stumped in music theory or just in my practice . It is a very good buy !! I recommend it to anybody who is into music . : -RRB-
 I bought this for my 2 year old son . He is now 3 1/2 and still bangs on it . It 's very durable and a good quality product . Remember , it 's more a toy , than a drum set , but a great musical toy !
 We bought this drum set for our 4yr old son & he loves it ! It was easy to assemble & it is very stable . It produces great sound & it will last for years !
 This unit is an excellent value . It has lots of mic inputs , as well as line level inputs . The mic channels can also be used for line inputs , but not simultaneously with mics - got ta choose for each channel . The mic preamps are very high quality.The unit will run for several hours on four 9V batteries , useful for remote recording .
 I enjoy making recordings of my children 's piano and band concerts . Usually , I can find electrical power close by , but in cases where I ca n't , it 's really nice to have the option of recording 100 % via battery power , and the UBB1002 is one of just a few mixers that offer that capability.I 've only used mine with battery power once , but it performed beautifully , providing 18v of phantom power to my Rode NT5 mics . I ran the output of the mixer into a bus powered USB audio interface that was connected to my laptop running on battery power.I have used a software spectrum analyzer -LRB- from -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- to measure the frequency response and noise levels of the mixer , and it is _ very _ flat . The eq controls also do an excellent job of only altering the specified frequency range . The mixer is quiet as long as you pay attention to your gain structure and keep the sliders at or below 0 dB.If you 're experiencing excessive hiss , you 're probably feeding the mixer a signal that is too low . Try increasing the output level on your source or adjusting the gain control on the mixer . You really do n't want any of the sliders to be above 0 dB ! Oh , also the output is line level , so not intended to feed the microphone input on a laptop PC . You _ really _ need an external audio interface like the UCA222 , FCA202 , or -LRB- better -RRB- a Creative E-MU 0202 USB that accepts line level signals . If you 're using an ASIO driver on Windows , n-Track Studio 6.0 does a nice job as recording software and can take full advantage of the hardware capabilities of your audio interface , up to 24-bits , 192 kHz.It 's possible to create two different mixes with the UBB 1002 -- a stereo mix -LRB- perhaps for house or recording -RRB- and a mono mix -LRB- to feed stage monitors -RRB- using the pre-fader `` MON '' controls . I do sometimes wish that there was an additional row of pan knobs so that the monitor mix could be stereo as well , but that 's one of the compromises that one must accept with a portable/low cost mixer . The larger XENYX 1204 has this and other capabilities for little more money for folks who can live without battery powered operation.All of this said , Behringer has discontinued this mixer and replaced it with a XENYX model -LRB- 1002B -RRB- , which has upgraded mic preamps and `` British EQs '' . Both models have sturdy metal cases , nice power supplies , and should provide years of reliable service -LRB- well mine has , anyway -RRB- .
 Like another reviewer stated , the manual for the Eurorack leaves a lot to be desired . There 's a couple things I ca n't get it to do . For instance , the headphone jack does n't seem to work . Nor do the LEDs that show me when I 'm clipping . I 'm sure I 'll figure it out in time . I 've only had it a week.That same reviewer also stated difficulty in hooking the mixer to his computer . I do n't know what they 're talking about there . I just take an RCA from the REC OUT on the mixer , -LRB- and you 'll need an RCA to 1/8 stereo jack -RRB- and then I plug the 1/8 jack into my computer 's microphone port . Viola!I use this mixer in conjucture with Cakewalk 9 , or Audacity . I used to run my mics into my power mixer and then into the computer . Too much power was going to the mixer though , and I was cursed with this ... white noise ; a constant hissing . The Eurorack solved that . I 'll be happier though when I find out how to get the headphones to work on it . In the meantime I just plug my headphones into the computer speakers .
 I wanted to set up a home studio for recording podcast episodes and I 'm on a budget . I wanted a basic product that could deliver and I found it in this mixer.Two drawbacks
 I bought this mixer for my husband off his wish list . He was very excited and loves it !!!!!
 My guitar amp bit the dust and I wanted to learn bass . I use it for both . It 's overkill for home use , but the EQ makes it a versatile and fun amp . The fan is a little loud for a small room , but it 's a low whoosh and does n't get in the way
 One word
 This head was my first foray into component bass rigs . Prior to getting this amp I owned aFender Rumble 150 Bass Amplifier , which was all the amp I could possibly need for darn near any size venue . I purchased the Hartke , plusSeismic Audio - 1x15 & 2x10 BASS GUITAR SPEAKER CABINET COMBO PRO AUDIOto create a rig that could be downsized to a the 2x10 cab , or upsized to the full 2x10 +1 x15 configuration for outdoors playing . The Hartke amp drove the rig beautifully.What I like about the Hartke is the ease and precision with which you can establish a tonal baseline , then contour it to suit specific requirements . In fact , the manual has templates for documenting your EQ settings so you can quickly reset for any venue or desired sound.The ability to dial in a virtual tube tone or mix that with a solid state tone is another plus . Frankly , while the flexibility of the head with respect to tone and character is a plus , I rarely mess with it . It is nice , though , to know you have these features when you need them.However , there is one thing I do not like and I posted a customer image above to illustrate it
 The Hartke 2500 is a 250-watt -LRB- max . -RRB- bass amp with two pre-amp settings , equalization , a high - and low-end ` cut , ' compression , and master volume . Takes active or passive instruments . Effects line in/out , ground lift , fan , two speakers out . 25 lbs.I play mine through a highly rated Schroeder 12-inch 8-ohm cab , which draws 175 watts ; adding another 8-ohm speaker would draw the full 250 watts . With the single speaker , I get amazing tone and power . Of course , it helps that the Schroeder speaker is top quality.Features
 This is about the most versatile bass amp I 've ever had . It 's very clean and punchy and has plenty of power . with two preamps , a compressor , a graphic eq and high and low contour controls , this amp covers it all . Hard to beat for the price .
 Let me just start off by saying that I have used the Ampeg B-2RE Bass Head and the Ampeg SVT-CL Bass Head . If you are n't familiar with amplifier heads , they are fairly high-end heads . I bought this head because I had two bass cabinets and two speaker cables , but no head . I had to resort to borrowing the Ampeg B-2RE Bass Head , from a guy at my church , when the Youth Praise Band was going to play at a Youth Rally . Just so we are clear , I am the bass player in the band . Anyway , I have been longing to own an amplifier head of my own for quite some time . Just as luck , or God , would have it my mom , dad , and church - the band previously played at - I finally had enough money to purchase one . This particular one has been on my Wishlist for quite a while . I 'm not going to lie , I know less than nothing about Hartke except thatthey are a fairly decent brand . In light of this I purchased this head on April 26 , 2012 . It arrived exactly two days later . I immediately opened the box and set this beauty up . Now my excitement was the primary driving force and I just wanted to try out my FIRST amp head . It has a 10-band Graphic EQ similar to the Ampeg B-2RE Bass Head . That was good since I had a bit of experience with that . It also has a Compression knob . As far as general EQ it has a High and Low know , then a Master Volume . Before I get to far the Master Volume really controls the volume as opposed to some heads thathave a gain that makes it difficult to control the volume without altering your gain level . On this head the volume control works as it should . Now one cool thing I am not familiar with is the Tube Emulation and Solid-State Preamps . I 've never seen or used anything of this nature so I ca n't tell you anything about it . As for the compression , I doubt I will use it . I 'll probably keep it down low since I can add some compression on my bass guitars . For example , I have a Yamaha RBX374 that can be compressed by altering the 2-band eq . I also have a MusicMan StingRay that can be compressed from the guitar itself . So the compression feature is useful if you have a crappy bass that lacks tone controls . In this case a Pete Wentz Signature P-bass . It only has a volume control . Anyway , I love this head . I am close to getting the EQ set the way I want it . Do n't let this review cause you to have second thoughts about buying this . Oh and I am sorry for all of the rambling I did . I would recommend this head to any intermediate > semiPro players . I run this through Seismic Audio 4x10 & 1x15 . The head puts out a very deep and rich low and a `` punch you in the mouth '' high . The attack that you can get with his head almost resembles Victor Wooten 's setting . -LRB- His is PERFECT -RRB- You will not be disappointed by this head . It looks complicated , but the Graphic EQ is probably the simplest feature on the deal . My sister could probably set it and she does n't even play bass ; much less own an amplifier of any kind . You need to buy this before they go out of stock . This is a steal . I mean come on ! It 's only $ 249.99 ! Do n't hesitate because you will be sorry . I mean you could get better , but there will always be a better one out there . -LRB- Markbass as an example -RRB- You need to buy this whether this will be your first , you already have one , trying to replace , looking to expand your sound , etc. . Whatever the reason buy this bad boy .
 Ernie Leblanc
 Many strings are known to have a long break-in time . I do n't know how long it will take before these are `` broken in '' but I like the sound right out of the package . Many people have trouble with E strings -- this E string sounds very nice . I will buy these strings again when it is time to replace them .
 JBL has several price points for it 's professional sound reinforcement products . JRX is the least expensive and MRX is the second least expensive . The MRX series offer higher quality and durability for a very reasonable price . These are normally $ 700.00 each . Amazon offered a new `` opened '' package which I was able to purchase for much less . These are extremely lightweight for the amount of power they can handle . Power handling is between 400 and 1600 watts depending on the program . Nominal wattage is 800 watts into 8 ohms . Excellent for live monitoring or as mains for smaller venues . Speakon in and out connectors only . Non protruding handle . Great product .
 Goods
 The best sub performance I have ever had in 12 years . Compact , light , POWERFUL . Can handle btween 2000-4000 watts bridged mono . Im only running 2400 watts with a QSC2450 and Im going to upgrade to an amp with about 3200-3500 watts to see what it can do without getting to close to its limit . $ 1000 bucks is reasonable considering I 've burnt the coil in 3 out of 4 Harbinger subs at a loss of about $ 800 bucks . The only thing that it could use is maybe some casters -LRB- wheels -RRB- on the back bottom for transport . Unless you have long arms you will need another person to carry into most venues . The `` rhino liner '' or whatever its called is ok but does chip exposing the wood . Recommend buying some extra hardware like corner gaurds . I use hockey pucks to protect the top from stacking `` Mains '' with broken or no feet . Watch your clipping and have fun !
 Purchased Rico cases for my son and daughter . They play alto sax and clarinet . We live in Arizona where the humidity can get down to as low as 2 % which can dry out , warp and damage reeds . During the Monsoon season it can get really humid . We have both extremes here , but mostly low humidity.The 73 % RH packet keeps the reeds in `` nearly '' ready to play condition . Just a few seconds in his lips and its ready to go.Currently my son is using Rico Royal reeds and my daughter uses Vandoren and Rico Select reeds.The price is comparable to local music stores , but no sales tax . If I were just buying one , I 'd buy it locally because the shipping costs . The pack comes sealed in a paper-foil package like those hand wipes you sometimes get at restaurants , so you can buy several and store them until its needed.I bought the replacement pack because we would be needing it and to get free shipping -LRB- I was short a few bucks -RRB- .
 My niece was having a problem with her reeds molding , so I purchased this , along with the reed keeper , for her to use . Problem solved !
 The latest in keeping your reeds moist , especially when in competition or preparing for audition . My son considers this necessary .
 No issues . Simple and effective at maintaining reed moisture content as advertised . I will purchase additional units , as needed , in the future .
 My son 's saxophone teacher recommended this product . It does work , keeping the reeds in ready condition and without drying out and warp . Minus one star for the price as it needs to be replaced often . Still I 'd recommend the reed case and the refills . Very nice products .
 My son plays the saxophone - reeds are so expensive ! This product really extends the life of the reeds . Worth the small investment !
 Hercules has done a good job with the pegs . They are adjustable and I 'm able to get a good fit with each of my trumpets and my cornet . The velvet is non-marring , so I 'm comfortable using them on the bell of my horns.I use the pegs on the base of my Hercules music stand - there are places to screw them in on the legs of the stand -LRB- that 's why I picked that music stand -RRB- . I also have a 3-way floor stand for 2 trumpets and 1 flugelhorn . The flugelhorn peg is different , so I purchased another trumpet peg and swapped it out so that I can use the floor stand for my 2 trumpets and 1 cornet.I actually have two Hercules music stands , plus the floor stand , so I 'm using 7 of these pegs -LRB- and I have a flugelhorn peg I 'm not yet using ... -RRB- The adjusting clamp tends to slip a bit on the peg ... I wish it gripped tighter ... but it has n't caused a problem for me ...
 I bought this Soprano Saxophone adjunct for the Hercules DS543B Flute , Clarinet , and Piccolo Stand and replaced the Piccolo Stand with it . I now have a sturdy , functional stand for my flute , clarinet and soprano saxophone . Before I bought the stand I was concerned that the saxophone may have been heavy enough and tall enough to cause balance problems , but the stand is very well designed and the balance is excellent .
 Very pleased with this SOP Sax peg . Securely holds instrument in place , and is a great addition to the Hercules alto sax stand .
 Because I 'm a `` doubler '' I need flexibility and with this peg my soprano sax stays secure . I especially like the felt-like exterior and the solid feel of the base into which it goes .
 I love that I was able to purchase this peg and simply add it to my existing Hercules stand . I also have a tenor sax cradle and a flute peg on the same stand , so this works great . I like the Hercules brand because they 're sturdy and fold up nicely .
 Screwed it in , the horn does n't fall down The stand itsel is sturdy and well made . In addition it folds up neatly
 I have a saprano sax that I put on this stand . The stand also holds clarinets . The ball on top of this peg is great for guidance when putting the sax on or taking it out . The bell part is adjustable which is nice to have , if you plan to put different instrument on . It is easy to screw out of the stand and use another peg for other instruments .
 I have previously purchased several Hercules instrument stands and I could n't be more pleased . I own the tenor sax stand , soprano sax/flugelhorn stand , flute stand , upright bass stand and now the trumpet stand . I find them all to be superior to any other instrument stands I 've owned.The trumpet stand is light and strong with legs that fold out and lock into place . The center stem easily threads on -- and also fits on other Hercules bases . The bell cone is felt-covered and is height adjustable to fit virtually any trumpet . It locks into place securely . The entire stand folds up neatly and fits in the supplied travel bag with its handy pull cord.The design of the stand is very sturdy and the materials are strong but lightweight . The non-skid feet are a real plus on bare floors . The soft surfaces that gently contact the instrument offer excellent protection . I can quickly and conveniently place my horn on this stand and know that it is stable and well protected . With Amazon 's great price , I could n't ask for more .
 Great product . Sturdy and well made . I am happy with how stable the base is and how it fits in the bell of my trumpet . I highly recommend the stand . It is adjustable for different size bells with just a quick change . I like the fact that it places the trumpet higher off the ground when I am standing to play .
 I found that the Hercules DS510B was beautiful in looks and was stunning . The only flaw I had with it was the bell part of the stand was not easy to fit away in my trumpet case . Other than that , I love it ! Would highly recommend it .
 low priced , but serves the purpose . Holds trumpet securely without falling . Folds up , but not enough to fit in your horn case .
 I bought these mallets as toys for my toddlers to bang on their drum set . I reduced one star because the plastic round part of the mallet may pop off and could be a choking hazard . It can easily be fixed and I really think they 're okay to give the kids as long as your watching them -LRB- or your kids have matured enough to know not to put the plastic in their mouths -RRB- . Given that toddlers have a knack for breaking things and/or losing things , I think these were worth buying .
 True , DigiCube no longer manufactures this OST , and the best you 'll find is some pirated version from Son May or Ever Anime , but either way , get your hands on this soundtrack . It 's a brilliant piece of music elegantly composed by Ms. Shimomura , who is now known for her works on Kingdom Hearts.The first track , Primal Eyes , is crafted to fit the game to a Tee , but leave it alone and you have a beautiful techno song . The soundtrack progresses to invent new compositions that had n't been offered around 1998 , and still ca n't be offered as enthusiastically as Yoko Shimomura herself has . As I 've said ; pick it up . You wo n't be disappointed !
 Parasite Eves story and gameplay are one of the best that this gamer has ever seen . With an intelligent mix of science fiction and fact , the creators of the game wanted the player to become immersed in a world of survival horror . Gameplay is not the only thing that makes a game . The soundtrack which was composed by Yoko Shimoura -LRB- please forgive if the name was incorrectly spelled -RRB- is a true compliment to this masterpiece of a game . The songs are a well mannered mix of tech and opera which relax and awaken the listeners senses with strong beats accompanied by gentle singing and eerie pulses . It is hard really to describe just how well done the compelation that is the Parasite Eve soundtrack really is . It is simply a work of art that must be experienced first hand with an open mind and enough free time to truely appreciate it . I reccomend that every fan of good music add this collection in to their library as soon as possible . the price is nothing to be worried about , you wont be disappointed .
 Parasite Eve is an odd cross-over Playstation game that found as many admirers as critics . But most people agreed that the music was something special . If you can get hold of a copy of this CD , you will be glad you did . From the frantic , choppy techno-rock of the opening , to the delicate piano and orchestral themes of the quiet moments , this is an album of unique sounds , the like of which I have never heard on any other album . Among the best are the final boss encounter , listed here as `` U.B. '' , a sinister and ethereal beginning that rises to a pounding finish . Also recommended is `` Matrix '' , the music from the Chinatown section in the game , and the beautiful orchestral version of the main theme at the end . One let down is the use of a synthesised soprano voice singing in the scenes set at the opera , giving a distorted and almost comical warbling sound that lessens the tone considerably ! But at the end of CD2 , there are two bonus tracks which feature a real soprano singer performing the pieces , although this was never used in the game-why ?! That aside , this is an excellent album of music , and quite suitable to play at any time . It will be sure to provoke enquiries from any listener ! What a pity it has become so scarce - pick one up as soon as you can , it is worth the high price you may have to pay .
 Like a lot of gamers , I absolutely loved growing up when the 32/64-bit machines were at the height of the industry . So many games were born out the competition between Nintendo and Sony , yet as most know some competitions were fought and won long before the Nintendo 64 was even released . Stealing Squaresoft from Nintendo over issues like the cartridge vs. disc debate was a definite win for Sony , one the console rode all the way to the bank . Squaresoft games were and remain some of the most celebrated titles of all time , and I have to admit that Squaresoft logo became an unofficial seal of quality to me . Yet as time passes we start to see things as they are , perspective and insight crashing the party and throwing its two cents in the equation whether we like it or not.Such is the tale of Parasite Eve , the `` cinematic '' RPG . While we 'll obviously never see an end to long-time , jubilant fans leaping to the defense of a beloved title , I have to admit that , as a game , Parasite Eve has failed to age well . Such a view has more to do with the game 's gameplay than anything else , but this does n't mean one ca n't appreciate the myriad of other things the game accomplished and still manages to do well . That said , most games are not defined by a sole element , games come together when their individual components work with one another . Some parts may be stouter than others , and some parts may even be able to stand on their own . It 's this line of thinking that relates to perceived strength of the Parasite Eve Original Soundtrack , a soundtrack that continues to receive a significant amount of accolades thirteen years after its release.Starting up this two disc set , it really not hard to see why Parasite Eve 's score has maintained such a consistent following . Along with `` Chaosium Sword '' from Ninja Gaiden II
 Disc One -LRB- 52:40 -RRB- Introduction1 -RRB- Primal Eyes 2:212 -RRB- Waiting for Something Awakens 1:12 Resonance3 -RRB- Overture -LSB- from opera `` La mia verita '' -RSB- 2:164 -RRB- Se il mio amore sta vincino -LSB- Vocalize -RSB- 2:065 -RRB- Memory I 0:356 -RRB- Gloom and Doom 2:417 -RRB- Theme of Mitochondria 1:398 -RRB- Sotto Voce 2:079 -RRB- Arise within You 2:0510 -RRB- Main Theme -LSB- Piano Solo Version -RSB- 2:0711 -RRB- The Surface of the Water 2:0212 -RRB- Memorize of `` Aya and Eve '' 1:37 Fusion13 -RRB- Out of Phase 4:0214 -RRB- Urban Noise 1:5215 -RRB- Mystery Notes 1:0116 -RRB- Influence of Deep 3:0317 -RRB- Phrase of Aya 1:14 Selection18 -RRB- Phrase of Mitochondria 0:4219 -RRB- Theme of Aya 1:3420 -RRB- Under the Progress 3:0721 -RRB- Plosive Attack 2:19 Conception22 -RRB- Missing Perspective 3:4023 -RRB- Memory II 1:0924 -RRB- Force Trail 1:4225 -RRB- Phrase of Eve 3:0726 -RRB- Memory III 1:14 Disc Two -LRB- 54:17 -RRB- Liberation1 -RRB- Matrix 2:442 -RRB- The Omission of the World 2:323 -RRB- Wheel of Fortune 3:314 -RRB- Kyrie 2:435 -RRB- Across the View 1:516 -RRB- Femmes Fatales 4:42 Evolution7 -RRB- A Piece of Remain 1:208 -RRB- Musica Mundana 2:139 -RRB- U.B. 4:5210 -RRB- Escape from U.B. 0:5411 -RRB- Main Theme 1:49 Symbiosis12 -RRB- Theme of Aya -LSB- Reprise -RSB- 1:1413 -RRB- I Hear a Voice Asking Me to Awaken 1:5414 -RRB- Somnia Memorias 5:58 And Other Days15 -RRB- Consensus 1:5616 -RRB- Someone calls me ... Someone looks for me ... 1:4617 -RRB- Main Theme -LSB- Orchestral Version -RSB- 7:53 Bonus Track18 -RRB- Influence of Deep - CM Version - 2:4319 -RRB- Se il mio amore sta vincino - CM Version - 2:05
 Best trombone stand on the market that I know of . Stable , strong . Our whole section uses them .
 This is the most stable stand out there for bass trombones and is not much bigger or heavier than the ubiquitous Hamilton stands I 've been using for years . It is definitely worth the extra money .
 I mix all types of noises from synth to acoustic from 2-60 tracks and Blue Sky truly makes great sounding speakers . ProDesk is the designed for critical mixing and monitoring . With ultra low distortion , proprietary woofers , superlative Danish tweeters and highly optimized amplifiers . I would recommend you call Sam Ash direct before you order them thou . . It took two weeks to ship from the factory and another week to show up when above said `` Usually ships in 1-2 business days '' When I paid infull that day . .
 I happened to have 1 PT song on a sampler DVD Audio and always liked it , but that was all I knew about the band . Then I ran across this bluray and bought it on impulse , needed something new to listen to.Holy F *** ! these guys are phenomenal.I could n't turn the bluray off until the very end . Suckers kept me up until 3AM . Their music is interesting in that it incoporates an occasional heavy metal sound , but not to the extent I want to slash my wrists after an hour of listening . Great singing and playing from all band members . Really amazing.The concert looks great for the most part , a bit of noise where the stage was under lit . Directing is good , they must have had 8 or 9 cameras , some locked off , and the camera work was good . The sound is mostly outstanding , especially instruments , vocals are n't always that well articulated . More of a performance issue perhaps than a technical one I guess . Will have to look up the lyrics.My only beef , and it 's with all bluray concerts , is that they should AUTOMATICALLY include lyric subtitles for all these concerts . Unless you 're a dyed in the wool fanboy/girl it 's unlikely you will know all the lyrics and knowing them adds so much impact to the performance . Most concerts have some performance/technical issues that make understanding lyrics difficult , if not impossible , easily remedied with subtitles . And for the price of blurays , subtitled lyrics should ALWAYS be included . Check out Best of Austin City Limits Vol 1 -LRB- only avail in SD -RRB- - outstanding performances , all subtitled.Glad I took a chance on this one , it 's truly a reference performance disk , if you are n't anal about picture quality , which is generally excellent.For me the Return To Forever bluray is THE best played and recorded bluray ever , Anesthetize gets 2nd place , Rock & Roll Hall of Fame concert # 3 . Enjoy .
 Incredible Band !! Incredible performance !! Being a long time PROG fan ... Dream Theater , Rush , P Tree , Tool . . etc. . . I love this DVD/Blu-Ray ... Looks and sounds great on my new 59 '' plasma . . Get it , You wo n't be disappointed . !! TV not included . . sorry . .
 I discovered Porcupine Tree a couple of years ago and during that time , I 've become astounded at the diversity and originality of the band . While they fall into the `` progressive '' category , they avoid the trap that so many other current progressive bands fall into - copying the sounds of early influencers like Genesis and Yes . Porcupine Tree is clearly influenced by bands like Pink Floyd , but they are originals , Steven Wilson is a prolific song writer , and this DVD does an incredible job of capturing the musicianship and energy of a live Porcupine Tree show . If you do n't know them well , it 's a great way to introduce yourself to some of their more recent material . If you know them , just buy it .
 The quality of the sound and video of the Blu Ray disc is outstanding . I have other Blu Ray concerts and they are nowhere near the quality of the music and visual of this concert.I believe that Steven Wilson is obsessed with the quality of everything he produces , and you can definitely tell that with this live concert.Haven ' t watched the DVD disc , but I think there 's no need to .
 I 've been a fan of Porcupine Tree since not seeing them at the 2001 NEARFest due to inability to get tickets . Got the sense of how great they were from the 2001-era streaming video of that show , and have been lucky enough to see them open for Yes in Rochester in 2002 , Toronto in 2005 , and Baltimore in 2007 . I have some minor complaints that I 'd like to maybe have seen a few older standbys mixed into the setlist from the Stupid Dream/Lightbulb Sun period , but that 's a criticism on the tour , not the concert DVD itself . But overall , the audio on this thing blows me away ; glad that John Wesley is getting his due on this thing too -- great voice . Really regretting not seeing this tour live now.Only way this could be better if OSI had opened for them , or vice versa . If you like rock music you need to ask yourself
 A friend from England told about this group and pushed me hard to go see them live when they came to my area . I went , and she was right , they are INCREDIBLE !!! This Live Concert of their 2008-2009 tour `` Anesthetize '' had a haunting coverwith a girl holding a needle , but their music does put you in a sort of relaxedtrance , so the title fits the whole project perfectly.It 's hard to put them in a particular category , but if you like early Pink Floydyou ca n't go wrong and will have a great group of new CD 's to investigate .
 This is a must-have for any PT fan ! The setlist is incredible . The few songs they pull from their older catalog sound really great alongside their newer stuff . As to be expected the sound is perfect and the video is very nice as well . No complaints from me . I wanted to watch it again the moment I was done .
 Another home run for this outstanding band . I 'm watching the Blu-ray version and am blown away by the wonderful sounds . PT is already known for the high quality recording of there albums and this disc lives up to that reputation despite being a live performance . As hard as it is to believe but I think Steve Wilson 's vocals sound even better live . There 's an edge that comes through sometimes that is missing on the albums . Having grown up in the 80s I used to love listening to Def Leppard and then one day I heard they live and realized that Joe Elliot really ca n't sing . That wo n't happen here . Steve can really lay down the vocals ! Oh and the imagery is outstanding also .
 Killer guitar work , excellent synthesizer sounds , and the drum work is Sick !!! An uninterrupted 52 minute set opener from 2007 's `` Fear of a Blank Planet '' album opens the 2008 concert directed by Lasse Hoile in Tilburg , The Netherlands . I have been reading about Porcupine Tree in Sound & Vision Magazine for some time now regarding regarding Steve Wilson 's incredible 5-Channel mixing talents . When S&V reviewed the Anesthetize Blu-Ray Disc in the October issue and gave it four stars for sound and a S&V certified `` Reference Blu-Ray Disc , '' I had to own it . One of the best filmed concerts I ever seen and the music and sound mix is incredible ! Just order it , I am 54 years old and have listened to Anesthetize every day since it arrived ! I describe the sound as Pink-Floyd meets Nervana and Metalica , but nobody has a 5.1 DTS-HD Master Audio that sounds as good as `` Anesthetize . '' Call your friends over and Crank it Up !!!
 Porcupine Tree pulled out all the tricks in this dvd performance . For those who are P.T. fans will see them play their best of & deliver a visual show . From Steven Wilson 's Angelic voice & ragging guitar to Gavin Harrison 's perfect thud 's on the drums . This is a must have ! For those who do n't know about P.T. go to Amazon.com and listen through their catalog of songs . This is a five star performance for me and would highly recommend this to anyone !
 There 's just something about Porcupine Tree ... the combination of musicianship , song-writing and Steve Wilson 's unique , musical vision that makes them gob-smackingly good . Brilliant stuff . Ca n't recommend the band and this DVD highly enough . Really .
 Great Blu-Ray , well filmed , great sound . Next best thing to actually being there and in the first row . A must have for any PT fan or PT newcomer . Play it loud !
 A great concert for a great band , that play progressive rock in their own way , adding some spacey sounds and metal parts , with sudden rhythm changes , turning acoustic to metal in a blink of a eye . Steven Wilson with his beautiful voice and his talented guitar playing is surrounded by some pretty talented players on guitar , bass , drums and keyboards.After seeing this show , i was excited to get my hands on this DVD/BR . The DTS sound mix is as usual with Mr. Wilson amazing , with a clear separation of each instrument . But my only negative comment is the black levels on the Blu-Ray , who are washed out . The DVD do n't have this problem . Must have been a encoding error when they did the Blu-Ray .
 You do n't have to be a fan of PT to enjoy the magnificent accomplishment of video and sound that is Anesthitize . If you 're a live music fan , there 's no chance that you wo n't marvel at the technical ability , production , and flawless playing found here . If you like PT , well ... welcome to Shangri-La . The only problem with the Blu-Ray is that the viewer will be spoiled forever - no other concert video will match up !
 After the debacle of `` Arriving Somewhere '' -LRB- only a debacle because of Hoile 's weird film editing , not the music -RRB- , I was reluctant to purchase this video , but I was pleasantly surprised with Anesthetize . I was a bit hesitant when I learned that Hoile would once again be driving the editing of the film , but he kept his over-creativity in check for this . What bugged me about `` Arriving Somewhere '' was not the music , but rather Hoile 's ADD when it comes to switching camera angles , and mostly his pseudo-film grain effects , 2 second black and white shots , out-of-focus shots , and extreme close-ups . This video has SOME of those things , except I did n't notice any strange film-grain , black and white , or sepia insertions . There are , however , some out-of-focus shots and extreme close-ups , but they do n't detract -LRB- however , they also do n't add to the film , IMO -RRB- . Regardless , it 's still better than a Kevin Shirley debacle -LRB- think `` Led Zeppelin DVD '' or anything he 's done with Iron Maiden -RRB- , for which I 'm grateful.The music and musicianship is superb . I think the mixing was done perfectly , and it 's nice to hear a PT concert in uncompressed audio -LRB- from the Blu-Ray -RRB- . The song choice was fairly simple , and has been a PT approach for a few years now - just play the entire album for which you 're touring , then some b-sides , and then some back catalog material -LRB- and do n't forget `` Trains '' -RRB- . While I have mixed feelings about the whole-album approach , Fear of a Blank Planet is one fine PT album , so this works out.I knocked off a star because of the filmography . The fixed position/mounted cameras -LRB- on tripods , etc. -RRB- suffered from camera shake with each bass drum kick . While this is somewhat difficult to cushion in a live show in a small venue such as this one from Tilburg , it does stand out quite a bit -LRB- on the Blu-Ray -RRB- . Moreover , due to the low-light nature of PT shows , the film is a bit grainy at times . I 've got other concerts in Blu-Ray which are n't quite so grainy , which leads me to believe the choice in camera equipment might not have been the best . I must warn the reader , however , that these are MINOR gripes that only a perfectionist like me would notice . For the most part , PT fans -LRB- many of whom are audiophiles -RRB- will be deeply satisfied with this release.Highly recommended !
 I really loved this concert ! Very well filmed & mixed concert ! This is one of the best concerts I have seen in a long time ! If you are a drummer ... you for sure have to have this DVD !! Gavin has a great sound with some GREAT licks !
 Porcupine Tree are my current favorite band , and I was finally able to order this Blu-Ray and spin it . I was anxious to see it , especially after some HD clips were posted by the director on YouTube , namely the track `` Way Out Of Here . `` The performance is dark , dangerous , moody and extremely skillful . The unexpected star of the show -LRB- besides Mr. Wilson , of course -RRB- is Richard Barbieri and all of the rich textures he brings to the music on his keyboards and well-timed and - selected samples . Their previous live DVD -LRB- `` Arriving Somewhere '' -RRB- left his performance somewhat of a mystery -- you knew he was there by the sound , but the camera seldom showed what he was doing . On `` Anesthetize '' the director finally gives you a sense of his contribution to the band , especially live.Steven Wilson 's 5.1 mix is nearly perfection , and if you did n't really want to watch the show , you 'd be perfectly happy to close your eyes and enjoy the enveloping live sound . There were a few oddities in the mix , but only subjective . I felt that Wilson 's electronic piano was a little understated in the 17-minute title piece , but that was all I could find that bugged me about the mix.The picture did not quite live up to the potential of Blu-Ray , but I chalk that up to the filming environment . Low light levels have a tendency to add a lot of grain to even the best digital HD cameras , and harsh stage lighting through stage-smoke pretty much banishes normal black levels from the recorded experience entirely . However , this is more than made up for by the skillful direction and camerawork . I felt like I got a sense of what every performer was contributing to the live performance and that you were watching a band rather than a single star surrounded by secondary musicians . A real plus was the complete absence of the stylistic effects that director Lasse Hoile felt compelled to use on `` Arriving Somewhere '' -- the scratched-film overlays , sprockets , melted frames , forced monochrome and sepia , etc. . He chose just to let the raw stage performances shine instead of adding unnecessary visual augmentation.This is a fine concert film , which I highly recommend to PT fans , prog fans and music fans in general . You should add it to your Blu-Ray collection today !
 This might just be the ultimit porcupine tree album . It covers both FoaBP and NR , but stretches to their past albums . The highlights from these rare gems of the past are definitly ` Dark Matter ' and ` Sleep with no Dreaming ' . I felt these two songs should have been on ` Coma Devine ' and felt very disapointed when they wer n't on this album.I would definitly recomend this DVD to any music lover . Please I implore those of you who are lovers of music to at least to consider this album . No only for the music , but the atmosphere it creates . This is a true treat for all senses .
 This is an amazing concert video . Porcupine Tree is one of my favorite bands , and Fear of teh Black Planet one of my favorite P.T. albums , which they play in it 's entirety in this concert . I have had the video on DVD and since I got a Bluray player for Christmas , just had to have it on Bluray . Unfortunately , I have to say I can not tell any difference between the video quality of the DVD and the Bluray . The audio is probably improved , but hard to tell wihtout being able to do a side by side test -LRB- I do not have surround sound , just high end Musical Fidelity stereo equipment -RRB- . Back to the concert , it is great to see John Wesley given more lead vocals and lead guitar parts . He is an amazing artist and a really nice guy . In summary , unbelievable concert by an amazing band . Just do n't worry about spending the extra money on the Bluray version if you already have the DVD . The only reason it does not get 5 stars is because the video has a bit too much production and camera angle changes , like almost all concert videos do in my opinion .
 Fantastic concert video . The video quality , performance , and sound are top-notch . I hope they will release The Incident on DVD !!
 This is an excellent concert film . The video/sound quality is good and the band is at top-notch form . Joining the group again , as he did on the `` Arriving Somewhere ... '' DVD is John Wesley on backing guitars/backing vocals . He 's become somewhat the `` 5th Beatle '' of the group and is a welcomed addition.If I recall correctly , there is only one track on this concert that 's also on `` Arriving Somewhere ... '' and that song is `` Halo '' . So if you plan on getting both concerts , you do n't have to worry about seeing a lot of repeated material.Thanks .
 The show is great , the sound is perfect , the videoclips were a brilliant idea . I will never ever get bored with this DVD . There should be a CD also , so that I could listen to the music in my car ...
 I 've been following Porcupine Tree since 2001 , I have seen them on every tour since then , and I have all their records . I have * never * seen them rip through a set like this . The camerawork is great , the sound is fantastic , but more than that , this is Porcupine Tree with a conviction and burn that I have never seen before . The best live concert DVD I own , hands down .
 The sound , the picture , the package , the BOOK -LRB- for us lucky 5000 early adopters -RRB- - all perfection , see everyone else 's reviews.After two weekends with the Blu Ray I think this is a better document of the band members ' individual contributions than Arriving Somewhere , and that is a good thing . Richard Barbieri did n't get enough attention in Arriving Somewhere , but here , it 's clear that his textures and solos are integral to the sound we recognize as Porcupine Tree . Even though i think I know this band very well , I was startled that some of what I thought was done on a guitar came from Barbieri . Even Florida 's John Wesley gets some stunning screen time . Colin seems to get the least , but let 's face it - he never changes expression , so is not as visually engaging . He seems a zen master.PS
 Just got it in the mail . Far better than the last DVD set . The sound is utterly amazing . The camera work and angles are perfect . I own just about every concert DVD worth owning from Dream Theater to Gov ' t Mule to Steve Vai . This one takes the cake . Porcupine Tree is an experience . Take it all in .
 This is a superb DVD and one of the best music DVDs in my ever-expanding collection . The audio and video is both absolutely superb . You feel like you 're sitting right there next to Gavin Harrison as he pounds the skins . PT is a mind blowing band , and having seen them live , I can attest to the fact that this release is nearly as good as actually being there . The setlist includes all of the Fear of a Blank Planet album , and most of the Nil Recurring EP , and is complemented by cuts taken from the In Absentia and Signify albums . I was very surprised -LRB- pleasantly -RRB- to see the latter in the set . They have n't played some of these songs in a long time . ` Dark Matter ' is almost worth the price of admission alone . Steven 's solo in that one gives me goosebumps.Excellent DVD from a superb band . It actually makes me angry that the Justin Beiber 's and Miley Cyrus 's of the world get recognised everywhere , and yet PT are still relatively unknown outside prog circles . They are an extraordinary talent , and in a just world , Rolling Stone would be featuring Steven Wilson on the cover , not hacks like Britney Spears . He is one of my favourite musicians of all time.Get it . I would use this to convert people to the band .
 The Blu Ray version of this DVD set is superb . PT once again proves they are the best band the mainstream ignores . So far I have 5 converts after watching this concert . The `` Fear Of a Blank Planet '' tour was one of the best shows going and they have captured the essence of the concert experience on this DVD . The video is second to none as Lasse Hoile outdoes himself once again.His placement of cameras overhead on the drums is pure genius . I sat in awe wathcing the master drummer at work . Gavin Harrison ranks as one of the top 5 drummers around . Colin Edward 's bass prvoides the bottom and lays the foundation for Wilson 's superb solos . John Wesley 's guitar work is more than adequate as he is a great player in his own right.likes
 Wow - This concert blows away the 5 star rating . I have a lot of concerts in my collection and this one just rose to the very top of my all time favorites ! The audio and video quality are just outstanding ! The concert itself is just amazing ! These guys play with military accuracy and timing . Some of their music is very technical but I do n't hear any slight mistakes . I suggest listening to it loudly using high quality headphones - it is incredible ! As for listening to it via your 5.1 sound system - you wo n't be disappointed ; most likely you 'll find it to be about the best you 've ever heard . Again I say
 I had the extreme pleasure of seeing PT in Pittsburgh this past May . This dvd took me right back to that show . The energy and the musicianship was evident then and it 's evident now on this dvd . Filmed brilliantly and recorded flawlessly it showcases PT firing on all creative outputs . This band has no equals and it 's pretty clear why . They play what they want . When they want . No compromises and no going through the motions . Cheers to them !
 To put it simply , this release is just remarkable . Filming , set list , editing , sound , it is all near perfect.What is incredible is the very beginning , during the Intro . It gives you the sense and anticipation of actually being at the show . For a minute of two of film , it does a great job of putting you there , not just in front of a television screen.The rise of Blu-ray has most certainly changed the atmosphere of watching a concert on television . You no longer feel as separated , instead you feel a lot more involved and the production of this disc does nothing to spoil that.The set list is great . The entire Fear of a Blank Planet suite performed together and then Nil Recurring with mostly Signify and In Abstenia songs mixed in . I remember seeing a concert with mostly this set list and Dark Matter itself was worth the price of admission . The only thing I missed was at my show , they did The Sky Moves Sideways , but truly , one ca n't expect everything . That was such a treat though.The sound is perfect and is nothing short of what Porcupine Tree fans expect to hear from a Steven Wilson project . Crystal clear and very dynamic . And of course , the band never misses a note.I purchased the Gray Special Edition through PT 's site and am glad to have the CD 's from this concert . If you like rock music , and have never heard of the band , this may not be a bad starting point to get the point across about how legendary this group is . The concert and Blu-ray production is nothing short of amazing and is a good representation as to the quality of this band .
 No mistakes ! Sound is awsome with 5.1 dts . Really , studio quality recording . And the footage is clear and sharp - no silly special effects . Every player is in top form . Best live set yet from these guys .
 I usually take awhile before I review items , however , I just finished the DVD ... . Ordered it Friday chose free shipping ; here it is Monday . Well done Amazon . Oh the DVD , it is incredible and worth every penny . Excellent sound , Fantastic ; Creative Camera Angles , Great Set ! WOW WOW WOW WOW !!!! These men are amongst the finest musicians of our time . Steven Wilson truly `` started something special , '' if you get my drift PT fans ... . Anyway Gavin is absolutely mind blowing , Colin Smiling as always , Richard Tickling Away , Steven Pouring Emotion Into His Words and Strings !
 The Best Experimental , Ambient , Melodic , Melanchoic & Creative Band On This Planet !!!!!!! This Live DVD Is A Must For Any PT Fan or If You Are Looking , Too See and Hear A Great Band ? This Is It !!!!!!! Please Buy This Live DVD and I Think You Will Never Regret That You Did !!!!!!! Great Visual and Sounding Live DVD , You Will Be Hard Pressed To Find Any Live DVD That Is Better Made , Than This One !!!!!!! The Key Is , Too Play It Loud and Sit Back and Really Really Listen and Watch , Your In For A Musical Journey Wanting More !!!!!!!
 I do n't no why I bought this , never heard of this band before , impulse buy , WOW , every song is excellent .
 Ladies and Gentleman , behold the heir apparent in Rock or Progressive Rock . Anesthetize has set the bar for concert films , no matter which ones you bring to the discussion . Sound , Musicianship , Photography , you name it , this will blow them away . I 'm a music junkie and have been a DJ in rock radio for over 25 years all told . I found this band in the later 90 's and have spread the word on PT to anyone that will listen . I 've seen many , MANY concerts and films of concerts , and there ARE NONE that compare with this . Lasse Hoile has been making films for many years , -LRB- mostly in Europe -RRB- and videos as well , but this may well be his masterwork . Filmed at 013 in Tilburg , Netherlands over 2 nights on the Fear Of A Blank Planet Tour , Hoile captures each player in their stride , and makes them look as good -LRB- GREAT -RRB- as they sound , which when it comes to Porcupine Tree is no mean feat . Each band member shines in his own way , but the two stand outs are -LRB- part time member -RRB- Guitarist/Vocalist John Wesley and Drum Master Gavin Harrison . If you are a fan of Rush 's Neil Peart then you simply must see Harrison in his element , which is playing live . Hoile 's all over filming of Harrison will make drummers jaws drop . -LRB- Neil is a fan of Porcupine Tree as evidenced by his inclusion of their music on pre-show mixed `` tapes ' he makes that play before Rush take the stage on recent tours . -RRB- Wesley , quite simply should be the fifth member of PT and this film shows why ... > THIS is the concert film you 'll rave about to your friends . < > THIS is the concert film you 'll use to set up and tweak your surround sound system to . < > THIS is the film you 'll bring with you when you are searching for a new entertainment system . < Anesthetize is mixed incomparably by PT leader Steven Wilson in Stereo & 5.1 Surround and it will work out EVERY channel your system has . I could seriously go on and on about this , but it would be a waste of my time and typing skills , because the proof is in the viewing . I would actually go so far as to say , IF I had the money , -LRB- which I do n't , so do n't even bother -RRB- that I would buy back your copy if you you were somehow not to throughly enjoy it . YES , it IS THAT good ... If you 're a fan of Porcupine Tree and were on the fence about this purchase , go for it , you 'll love them EVEN MORE . If you 've been looking for something `` new '' -LRB- even though they 've been around for 20 + years -RRB- in the world of music and have had enough of corporate rock , this band will be your savior ... . You can thank me later ! PTGSIFE !
 ... and my expectations were pretty high after reading all the reviews . You never know until you see it for yourself , though . I received my copy yesterday and did n't waste much time putting it in and turning it up full blast . Amazing setlist , including a few songs from Signify that I was n't familiar with . The sound quality is unbelievable . This one really does blow `` Arriving Somewhere '' out of the water , even though I thoroughly enjoyed that DVD as well . Obviously I do n't have much to add that has n't already been said . Buy this Blu-Ray -LRB- or DVD -RRB- if you are a fan of any type of heavy rock music and you will love it .
 This is fraken amazingI nearly fillied my daiper when i heard the song = AnesthetizeAmazingly filmed and awesome sound.Best prog Rock DVD I have seencheersKev
 This DVD is everything you could ask for from Porcupine Tree ! The sound quality , the song selection , the editing ... spot on ! There is nothing pre-recorded when these guys hit the stage . The songs are long and they ebb from soft beginnings to heavy , pulsing guitar crescendos . Steven Wilson gets most of the recognition , deservedly so , but the musicians that surround him are incredible . Lots of electricity in this DVD !
 great performance !! awesome band !! i sure wish it had Lazarus on it , however , there are a few tunes on this one that i just playover and over and over ...
 This is just incredible . I do n't like live videos with effects covering up what is really happening . The sound quality and the execution of this music is the as good as it gets . Turn it up loud and witness pure genius.Corvus Stone
 This review is of the DVD/Blu-Ray combo.Set list
 The Best concert Blu-ray I 've ever bought . The sounds is so amazing , the picture is perfect . When it comes to perfection , The Porcupine is the answer . Very Recommended !!
 I became hooked on Porcupine Tree -LRB- and Steven Wilson -RRB- with the release ofIn Absentia . I quickly acquired all of Porcupine Tree 's albums , as well asBlackfield -LRB- Dig -RRB- two discs -LRB- andNYC-Live in New York City -RRB- , and thePorcupine Tree
 I received my DVD/Blu-ray copy of Anesthetize on July 3rd and had an early fireworks show ! I thought the first live installment was a great music/video accomplishment and turned many of my friends on to my NEWEST favorite prog band 2 years ago . This -LRB- and I have only seen and heard the Blu-ray copy -RRB- second effort is even more amazing than the first . If you have never heard of Porcupine Tree and liked any of the bands mentioned above or just like quality ROCK music , you can count on this live show to win you over and amaze yourself with , truly , top-notch musicianship and recording ! Steve Wilson is a mastermind at not only writing today 's BEST neo-progressive music , but also producing the best 5.1 mixes of anybody I have EVER heard . As others have stated , this is definably the best source to use as a sonic definition than almost anything out there , live or not ! This British band is meant to be heard LIVE ! They are all such learned and talented musicians that if you appreciate excellent rock music , especially progressive , this is a must buy ! I kid you not !
 Was turned on to this band via a work aqquaintence a few yrs ago , and ever since I have been sucking up all their cds and the amazing dvd `` Arriving Somewhere '' . Just saw them in Chicago , where they announced the filming of that show for `` The Inncident '' . I sure hope that comes to fruitation because this band live is an absolute orgasm for this 53yr old.Cant say enuff about this newly released dvd , it IS the best concert dvd I now own , and I own about 100 . Do not own a blu ray yet but this will be the 1st disc I buy.If you are reading this and dont know much about this band , ya got ta have it.The entire `` Fear of a Blank Planet `` is included , along with another good hr of great stuff.Steven Wilson is a great writer , producer -LRB- he was chosen to do King Crimsons 40th anniversery remixes -RRB- and frontman.Gavin Harrison is any drummers dream come true.The rest of the band is 1st rate.Audio and picture are unreal.Great vocal harmonies and NO excessive soloing-which mars alot of prog rock-hey yer good and fast we GET IT!My teenager went to the show with me and loves these guys so there IS hope for the future .
 For those who want a taste of this video , and have n't already done so , go to their My Space page where `` Way Out of Here '' from the Tilberg show is linked . I was a little disappointed with the Arriving Somewhere video , not because it 's poorly done , far from it , but some of the songs presented where not my favorite . I 've been a fan since Signify , and have their entire back catalog , and for me Fear of a Blank Planet is their best album to date , closely followed by The Incident . That said , this concert video contains many of their most powerful songs and I ca n't wait for my pre-order to arrive . If you 're not familiar with the power and majestic beauty that is Porcupine Tree , you ca n't go wrong starting here with this DVD/Blu-Ray .
 Product was great.With delivery this fast no need to drive to the store.I have the last live disc they put out.Can ' t wait till the incident comes out live.This one was better because it has the feel like you are there and not a production.The encore seemed real , they wore me out.I hope they keep up the good work.I saw them live at the electric factory in Phila.Pa.and this disc made me feel like I was there againi
 I 'll be short and just provide a few comments since many have been covered anyway.Like the fact they do the very heavy , instrumental part midway through Anesthetize . Did n't know whether to expect them do it or nor upon first viewing . May have preferred less lights flashing so I could see them playing it together better , but still cool.Love how they do `` My Ashes . '' John Wesley -LRB- did I get his name right ? -RRB- has excellent vocals on this song.Get it if you 're a fan of the band , if you do n't already have it !
 Sound quality -LRB- DTS Master Audio -RRB-
 I own many , many music DVD 's and this by far is the best in my collection . The music and the visuals in the disc are mesmerizing . The sound quality is superb and if you own a home theater ... all I can say is this DVD is the reason home theaters were made . The band sounds great and is very tight . I have never seen PT live , but after viewing this disc , I certainly will .
 Porcupine Tree is my favorite band for many reasons , and this DVD is a close second to their `` Arriving Somewhere '' live DVD . Pop this DVD into your system , and turn it up loud - you 'll feel like you 're there ! It 's so refreshing to hear a band with new ideas and the musicianship to pull them off ; do n't take my word for it , watch and listen for yourself !
 The band alone is great , but the audio quality is really something of an achievement . It is a live concert and it sounds like studio quality , definitely a must have for fans and music lovers alike .
 I 've been listening to Porcupine Tree for a few years now , and I have really gotten into this band . I saw them live a year ago on the Incident tour and they were great ; however , I really wish I went to this show instead . My friend and I hooked it up and watched it in 5.1 and it blew us both away . There 's no weakness on this DVD ; they sound absolutely great and the tracklist is excellent . Hell , Steven Wilson 's climactic solo at the end of the track Dark Matter is worth the price of admission alone .
 As a musician I generally find concert films frustrating , as they rarely capture the complete performance of any band . Porcupine Tree 's Anesthetize is a beautiful exception to that rule . Lasse Hoile clearly understands PT 's artistic vision , and respects the musical capability of all 5 band members , giving quality screen time to each . At no point did I feel that I missed a portion of the performance . Hoile has edited the concert footage in such a way that you almost feel as though you 're at the concert . Truly a spectacular showcase of an amazingly talented band . If you 're a progressive music fan , this Blu-ray is an absolute must own .
 The sound of this DVD and the performance are amazing ! Fear of a Blank Planet is an album that merits to be performed as a whole musical piece and the performance is unbelieveble . Porcupine Tree are definitely at a peak of their career and I hope that the current peak will last . Way Outta Here , Let 's Sleep Together , Anesthetize ... All songs on the setlist are actually great . They perform three out of for tracks from the great `` Nil recurring '' as well . A treat for the fans
 ** Edit ... this review is for the BLUERAY DVD version of this release ** Stunning live performance by one of the most talented creative forces in our lifetime . This should be the benchmark against which live DVDs are compared for sound , picture , performance , atmospheric content , and creative / powerful music.I caught the PT bus late -LRB- a few months ago -RRB- and since then have been delving into their deep and fine collection of music . This is an incredible band that writes and performs very powerful and moving music in which each band member -LRB- including guest guitarist / vocalist John Wesley -RRB- makes significant contributions to the overall uniqueness of the music . The audio on this release is stunning and the picture quality and directing is very , very good . These guys are all about QUALITY . Lots of cool closeups of the band at key parts of the tunes . Gavin Harrison -LRB- drummer extraordinaire -RRB- plays with great intensity , finesse , dynamics , and extreme musicality . The DVD captures much of his performance marvelously . Richard Barbieri -LRB- keys -RRB- creates so many cool atmospheric sounds and landscapes -- it all sounds great live . Colin Edwin -LRB- bass -RRB- is rock solid and seems to always be enjoying the music . And of course , the guitars and vocals , including some really nice harmonies , by Wesley and bandleader S. Wilson are terrific.Fear of a Blank Planet in its entirety is extraordinary and my fave part of the performance.I hope PT is around for a LONG , LONG time .
 With Porcupine Tree , it is totally about the music . As a result , they are certainly to be considered one of the foremost bands when it comes to those that are making complex , lyrical , atmospheric and profound music . Their stuff is genuinely good and it is genuinely made . Looking at the number of 5 star reviews of this live DVD performance -LRB- practically all the reviews -RRB- , it is obvious that their music is also becoming genuinely recognized and appreciated.What can I add in light of all the previous 5-star reviews ? Well . . this concert looks great , sounds great and really shows off the creativeness and the technical abilities of this band . At one level , Gavin Harrison -LRB- the drummer -RRB- really is the highlight of this performance . He is without question one of the very best at his craft . Even upon additional viewings , I continue to be amazed at his abilities . He is the component that puts this band over the top and into greatness -LRB- think of Neal Peart with Rush -RRB- . I was also impressed with John Wesley , a guitarist and sort-of part-time member of Porcupine Tree . He is another integral piece with his fluid guitar work and smooth vocals and is the perfect compliment to Steven Wilson , the lead singer and the creative force behind the band . In this performance , I also really noticed how the role of Richard Barbieri , the keyboard player , is primarily to add an atmospheric layer to the overall sound . He also , is a true craftsmen and its interesting to watch how he adds to the sound -LRB- in a much different way than say , Jordan Rudess of Dream Theater does -RRB- . Then there is the guy who I want to be , Colin Edwin , the bassist . What better job than to play music with this band , standing around with a constant smile on your face ?! That 's Edwin , but of course , he is also very good too . Back to Steven Wilson . He is the frontman , lead singer and creative force . Everything he does is as good as gold . You can tell that with him , it 's all about making great and interesting music . Overall , this is far more important than relying on the `` rock star '' image gimmick that most bands still seem to be in pursuit of these days.Lastly , I 'll mention that the set list is made up of some outstanding songs , including all the songs from the Fear of a Blank Planet CD . My personal favorites are Anesthetize , Way Out of Here , Dark Matter and Halo . No extras on this disc , but still entirely satisfying and worthy of repeated viewings . Enjoy !
 This the second DVD of PT of witch I hope of many to come.The Blu-ray presentation of this concert , along with the superb audio mix , was a performance I 'd wish I would have being able to seen in person.This is the second PT DVD , -LRB- Arriving Somewhere -RRB- the first , I was amaze to learn that these are the only two that they have made.I 'm a 54 year old from an era when music and performance went hand in hand when enjoying a night , witnessing a group of this caliber.So carry on PT if you can inspire a person my age , I wonder if this generation will marvel at the spectacular of who you are.Peace out , Sam in San Antonio.I highly recommend this DVD .
 This is a great band and this DVD gives you a good look into there inner workings on stage.Great quality all the way around.Be sure and add it to your collection.Enjoy !
 This is what I mean
 I am a longtime Porcupine Tree fan . I have enjoyed the Blu-Ray on a 42 inch plasma , and a 600 watt surround system with a 15 inch powered sub-woofer . There is simply no better reference disc than this . If you want to show off your system , this is the disc to own ! The musicianship is absolutely unmatched , the audio production quality is jaw dropping . I had a friend drop by whilst this was on , he had never heard of Porcupine Tree and his music tastes are grounded in classic blues rock . He was utterly transfixed , commenting that he had never seen any group create a `` sound sculpture '' quite like this . I have to say , that is a very accurate description of their sound . I have always felt that PT , wield their sound like it is a living , breathing creature , that they can tap into , and unleash it 's ferocious power , at any time . This release goes a long way to exemplify that theory . I love seeing them in concert and this release recreates the experience beautifully . Of course , the individual performances are astounding , with kudos to all , but especially to drummer Gavin Harrison , who has won the coveted best drummer award for 4 years running from Modern Drummer magazine . His performance here makes it evident as to why . This is an absolute must own for any serious music fan .
 All of the top notch musicianship of this concert performance is finally equaled buy the video and audio of this Blu-ray release shot and edited by long-time collaborator Lasse Hoile . Image quality is superb and this is one of Steven Wilson 's best 5.1 mixes to date -LRB- which says a lot for the man who earned a Grammy nod for his 5.1 mixes and was commissioned to remix the King Crimson catalog in hi-rez 5.1 . -RRB- Featuring `` Fear of a Blank Planet '' -LRB- the Quadrophenia of the new millennium -RRB- in it 's entirety , plus a 2nd set dating songs back to the `` Signify '' album , this is a wet dream for any Porcupine Tree fan . And as for the rest of the world , they have arrived folks ! Refusing to be pidgeon-holed into any one particular category of rock , the band easily segues from Prog Rock to ballads to metal without missing a beat . This release pays tribute to the best quintet of musicians -LRB- including long-time live accomplice John Wesley -RRB- currently touring . This is the `` thinking man 's '' rock band , one that obligates one to actually invest themselves in the music . Superb . Sublime . Beautifully compelling .
 Recived the limited edition DVD / BluRay Gray cover edition from PT web site . I am simply amazed by the quality of the video and sound . I have seen PT several times though not on thier most recent tour but this make me feel as if I was there . If you a PT fan this is well worth the investment and if not what a great introduction to PT . I intend to introduce PT through this DVD
 I just received my special edition of the LIVE Anesthetize edition yesterday , and of course I immediately slipped it into my DVD player . This is an awesome production . The taping , editing and of course the sound quality . These four -LRB- now five with John Wesley -RRB- are some of the best musicians I have ever listened too . The drums are simply amazing ... and Richard 's keyboard work mesmerizing . I saw Porcupine Tree in LA during the Incident tour last year and it was one of the best shows I have seen ; oh how wish I had seen them during the FOABP tour . They cover a wide range of songs adding to the versatility . All Porcupine Tree Fans must get this DVD ... plug it in ... . put on some headphones ... turn out the lights ... and get ready for the best two hours of their life ... enjoy .
 This is the best concert video I 've ever seen . The sound is spectacular and filming as made from many different angles . I watched it start to finish the day I got it and it 's long ... 130 minutes . Others here have outlined the songs so I 'll just say if you love PT ... get this ! You wo n't be disappointed . There are great closeups of everyone . Sometimes in the concerts it 's hard to make them out but not here . You really see everything .
 I just got finished with the DVD portion of this release , -LRB- I do not have the blue ray as yet ... -RRB- The Fear of a Blank Planet and Nil Recurring materials play exceptionally well live ... the video is mixed even better than that of Arriving Somewhere . The 5.1 sound adds a depth which is too largely missing in the materials available from most bands ... Their musicianship including the vocals , -LRB- live as well as recorded -RRB- continues to be stellar ... They managed to pull me in with `` Sleep Together '' ... a song that I 've not been fond of to date , that is until I saw them perform it live via this DVD!The venue in Tilburg played well for this DVD , and the fans were amazing there . If you 're a fan of Porcupine Tree , `` Anesthetize '' is a MUST for the library !
 Yes , this is not out yet so , of course , I ca n't review the actual product . So this is just an FYI as to what is on the thing for those who , like me , are curious as to exactly what the contents are and are too lazy to go look elsewhere . After I 've had it a week or so I 'll edit the below.BUT ... I feel that I can justify a 5 star rating , sight unseen , for 4 reasons :1 -RRB- In my book ANYTHING PT does is 4 or 5 stars2 -RRB- The setlist looks magnificent !!! 3 -RRB- I saw this tour in Atlanta in 2007 and it was GREAT !!! 4 -RRB- If Arriving Somewhere is any indication ... how can this NOT be 5 star worthy ?!?! : -RRB- Anyway - FYI : DVD/Blu-Ray DiscIntro `` Fear of a Blank Planet '' -LRB- from Fear of a Blank Planet -RRB- `` My Ashes '' -LRB- from Fear of a Blank Planet -RRB- `` Anesthetize '' -LRB- from Fear of a Blank Planet -RRB- `` Sentimental '' -LRB- from Fear of a Blank Planet -RRB- `` Way Out of Here '' -LRB- from Fear of a Blank Planet -RRB- `` Sleep Together '' -LRB- from Fear of a Blank Planet -RRB- `` What Happens Now ? '' -LRB- from Nil Recurring -RRB- `` Normal '' -LRB- from Nil Recurring -RRB- `` Dark Matter '' -LRB- from Signify -RRB- `` Drown With Me '' -LRB- b-side from In Absentia -RRB- `` Cheating the Polygraph '' -LRB- from Nil Recurring -RRB- `` Half-Light '' -LRB- b-side from Deadwing -RRB- `` Sever '' -LRB- from Signify -RRB- `` Wedding Nails '' -LRB- from In Absentia -RRB- `` Strip the Soul '' / '' .3 '' -LRB- from In Absentia -RRB- `` The Sleep of No Dreaming '' -LRB- from Signify -RRB- `` Halo '' -LRB- from Deadwing -RRB- OutroExtras -LRB- Blu-Ray Disc only -RRB- `` Way Out of Here '' -LRB- live film directed by Lasse Hoile -RRB- `` My Ashes '' -LRB- live film directed by Lasse Hoile -RRB- `` Wedding Nails '' -LRB- live film directed by Lasse Hoile -RRB- `` Strip the Soul '' / '' .3 '' -LRB- live film directed by Lasse Hoile -RRB- `` Nil Recurring '' -LRB- live film directed by Lasse Hoile -RRB- CD Track listing -LRB- deluxe edition only -RRB- Disc 11 . `` Intro '' 2:072 . `` Fear of a Blank Planet '' 7:343 . `` My Ashes '' 4:464 . `` Anesthetize '' 17:205 . `` Sentimental '' 5:186 . `` Way Out of Here '' 7:477 . `` Sleep Together '' 7:548 . `` Prodigal -LSB- Bonus Track -RSB- '' 6:03 Disc 21 . `` What Happens Now ? '' 8:092 . `` Normal '' 7:133 . `` Dark Matter '' 8:574 . `` Drown With Me '' 5:215 . `` Cheating the Polygraph '' 8:116 . `` Half-Light '' 5:287 . `` Sever '' 5:378 . `` Wedding Nails '' 5:439 . `` Strip the Soul / .3 '' 8:1710 . `` The Sleep of No Dreaming '' 5:3111 . `` Halo ''
 Wow ! I thought seeing them live was great ... This is just another fine example of musical perfection from Maestro Wilson and the Boys . An all-star cast of musicians at the top of their game plus brilliant lighting , directing , and editing from Lasse Hoile make this a remarkable concert DVD . The set list is all FOABP and Nil Recurring for the first half of the show . The second half is old favorites , plus some not heard live before , really rounds the night out . The transfer is from all HD cameras and pops with color and life . No visible noise to these eyes . The DTS master audio sound will just blow you away ! This , along with the phenomenal mix by genius SW , has me aching to throw away another 2 + hours of my life . I did only plop down $ 12 for the DVD version , but now I will go full bore and order the Blu-ray version -LRB- with all the bonus material -RRB- as well . The wait for this one -LRB- 2 yrs -RRB- was long , but WELL worth it ! * This review is from the DVD I purchased thru the pre-order from the PT website . Made in the UK ! *
 First of all , I will not try to soliloquize the marvelous sculptures of sound that are so expertly recreated in as great a job of mixing as this epic . This is a great DVD to put on when you feel like really getting the most out of whatever system you have . I have many music DVD 's and only a handful come close to the incredible sound that is generated by this great band . Steven Wilson has a soul for music and his soul and mine dig the same sounds . Only difference is , he can write them , and I can only listen in awe .
 Absolutely , mind-blowingly awesome ! Steven Wilson is the master of multi-channel sound production . Only HE could put together a disc that can -LRB- almost -RRB- capture the experience of a Porcupine Tree concert . Not to be missed !
 Porcupine Tree is one of the best live bands at the moment and this Blu Ray is a testament of that workmanship . The sound is second to none and visually they have come a long way . This is a reference disc and is the perfect disc for audiophiles to show off their system as well as a great picture in 1080p . Cheers .
 If you 're a fan of Porcupine Tree , then you wo n't be disappointed , if you 've seen any of their shows , relive it from the stage , if you are n't familiar with their music , then you are in for a treat ! Do n't think about it , just buy it , it 'll be a great addition to your concert collection , and you 'll thank me for not wasting your time with a long review !
 re live your concert experience , or if you did not go , see what you missed.The audio version of Dark Matter from Signify is fabulous.A must have for any Progressive aficionados .
 Porcupine Tree does it again with this DVD of their Fear of a Blank Planet tour . I saw them on this tour in NYC and this DVD really captures this fantastic band at their finest and tightest.Loved the shots of their `` DrummerMonster '' - Gavin Harrison - from lots of cool angles , even a shot from below the drum kit . This band is so tight , and they are having tons of fun , which is very evident here .
 Stumbled across this band on Internet Radio a few years back , and now can not get enough.I am no good at reviews , but after having watched this show for the 5th or 6th time , I have to add yet another 5-star rating . These fellows take the old ` Light & Shade ' bit to a whole new level ... usually within the framework of each , and almost every song . Between the soaring melodies , dark passages , and downright blistering rock - this set is an absolute must-have for any fan . Obviously they are immersed in their music , and truly enjoy what they 're putting out - what a performance ... and what a ride it 's been getting to know them better . Soon we 'll own everything they have released -LRB- because we MUST -RRB- , but hard to believe this disc wo n't be the most worn-out in the collection . At least until the next one . Only one song repeated from the ` almost as good ' `` Arriving ... '' DVD - a smoking run through of `` Halo '' , and it 's become one of our favorite PT cuts . It seems as if every tune this band plays could be a masterpiece in it 's own right . What intensity - thoroughly moving . Go and see them live at any cost ... but watch this until you can !
 If I had n't already seen them live a couple of years ago , I would swear this was studio magic . But it 's not , just one of the greatest bands ever , and the best live band I have ever heard ! Buy this , you will not be disappointed . I bought it for the Blu Ray , and it is stunning . Video and Audio is breath taking . Enjoy !
 This video is absolutely stunning in every respect . Musically , engineering , production , you name it . PT has never been better and they absolutely nailed this . All others should take notice . This is the new standard that should be held in the highest regard . If you like these guys ... stop reading now and buy this . If you have a decent home theater system both video and sound ... you will be blown away.I 've always taken notice of new music and video music by the `` goose bump '' effect . That tingly feeling one gets the first time out . Kind of like when they walk out on stage live . This thing blows the `` goose bump '' factor off the scale.IMO some of the best concert DVD 's in the last several years are Rush 's S&A ; 's live , Dream Theaters Live at Budokan , and Peter Gabriel 's Growing Up Live . These have been at the top of my list for a while . Anesthetize is better.First class ! 6 stars !
 The band performance , content , sound production values are as you would expect from Steven Wilson and company ... Off the charts ! This Blu Ray production really struck me in the way it was presented.Some of the work from Lasse Hoile , I will admit , I have not always appreciated , but I sure understand now , why Steven continues the affiliation . I have hundreds of dvd and blu ray concerts in my collection , yet I felt I was witnessing something new.High art , but viewer friendly , without being distracting to the stars of the show . Intelligent non MTV editing and great direction , immersing the viewer into the onstage performance . A stunning achievement with a notable performance from the unofficial fifth member of the band John Wesley . Stellar guitar work and vocals , especially in the lead department , covering all of the highs and adding new dimension to the songs ... Sublime .
 I am in complete agreement with all of the other reviews
 Porcupine Tree is amazing ! Essential for anyone who likes rock and roll.Anesthetize -LRB- DVD + Blu-ray -RRB-
 This GREAT concert is such a success , is appears Amazon is out of stock.Please contact me when new stock arrives . Abosolutly Fantastic Show . Do n'tmiss it !!!
 I know this has not been released yet but after having just seen them perform live in Miami Beach I know this DVD is going to be excellent . If you ever get a chance to see Porcupine Tree live you need to do it as they are amazing . It 's unfortunate that more people are not aware of them but it also makes their concerts a very special event as you can experience them up close . Their first concert DVD -LRB- Arriving Somewhere But Not Here -RRB- is amazing -LRB- except for some of the special effects -RRB- and I expect this new release to be even better as it will be available on Blu Ray . Give them a try - you will be hooked like I am .
 Excellent Customer Service . Product quality perfect . Ultra-Fast shipping . Highly recommended ! Would most certainly buy from again ! A + + +
 It is absolutely unfortunate that such a performance has not been captured on video the way it should have . Lasse Hoile must have been sleeping when he was directing/editing this magnificent event . Every time someone should have been the focal point , he is showing someone else . Aside from that , this is nothing less than what one should expect from PT .
 Leaves no doubt that no matter how much you practice , your band will never be as good as these guys are right now , no matter who you are . I think the earlier Arriving Somewhere DVD is even better , since it contains more tracks from the wonderfully gloomy Deadwing album , instead of the horribly gloomy FOBP album.I especially like the older tracks here where you get to contrast Gavin Harrison 's interpretation against the studio versions.If you want to be incredibly picky -LRB- eg . 4.999 stars vs 5.0 -RRB- ... If you 're a drummer , you 'll be annoyed that they just manage to miss capturing some of Gavin 's more intense riffing . There 's a strobe light over one monstrous double bass pattern that gives no illumination -LRB- pun intended -RRB- into what is going on . Also , there 's some places where he 's playing a multiple rebound technique with the left hand that they never really document . Strangely , he looks less fluid than on Arriving Somewhere with larger strokes -LRB- pounding -RRB- and some odd head bobbing.Wilson 's voice is not as smooth as in the studio . But its live . Whatever.Colin 's bass playing is flawless . Every single note , so far as I can tell . But he does n't get much screen time .
 This is a great product for the price -LRB- $ 100 -RRB- . There are great features
 The thin 12 '' with the Xs20 metallurgy has the perfect quick splash sound i was looking for when playing rock music .
 My 7-years old boy started his piano classes in Jan 2007 , so I bought Casio LK-300TV for him from Sears . Few months later I bought the same keyboard for my mom from E-Bay -LRB- they were not available in local stores anymore -RRB- . It was such so happy choice , we all LOVE it.Pros : - Sounds pretty good to my ears . It 's not intended for professionals , but good enough for amateurs . - Number of built-in rhythms and tones are out of imagination . We use only few , though . :-RRB- - TV-Out lessons . You do n't really need to know notes in order to play music , it shows on a screen which keys to press with which fingers . - Lighted keys are useful to learn , especially w/o TV - Karaoke is just great ! Internet has bunch of karaoke files in KAR format . I did some research , them purchased Karcasio program , that allows to convert KAR-files into SMF format , used by Casio , copied them onto SD-card , inserted card into piano - and voila ! - Traning programs -LRB- Step 1-3 -RRB- are also useful , when you learn certain plays - Scoring . My son loves to score , it 's fun for him . He does n't stop until he gets 100 : -RRB- Cons : - Not enough keys for some piano plays , I wish Casio had 72 - and 88-keys models with the same set of features . - Piano lessons are available for built-in melodies only . I wish Casio sells additional piano banks , not leaving owners with built-in only . - Really boring fact is that karaoke mode can not automatically switch to the next or random song out of the list , it always repeats the same one , until you switch it manually . It 's REALLY BORING , believe me ! :-LRB- - When showing up next set of karaoke words on TV-screen , they should 've been switched a bit earlier , than rhythm is . You need to know in advance what to sing . If you do n't know words of partucular song , pretty frequently you end up with `` out-of-sync '' singing , because of it .
 I bought two of these as gifts to musically talented children in the Ukraine and Belarus , because I wanted to deliver a self teaching piano . This is a wonderful keyboard , capable of teaching a very wide variety of songs to a beginning student .
 My son began taking piano lessons at age 7 last September . Considering that we were not sure how long this interest would last , we did not want to invest -LRB- finances or space -RRB- for a full size piano . We purchased this Casio keyboard from amazon . My son practices daily and has made wonderful progress . The keyboard includes plenty of fun teaching tools , including a TV plug in .
 I had a couple of casio keyboard and this one I will give 4 stars . I just hope it has Pitch bender , So I can emulate a real guitar bending sound . My 1 year old daughter Loves playing it she follows the light and seems to be amused . The karaoke function looks cool , I just hope we can add some more songs to it . It keeps you motivated to learn a song , rather than a plain piano and you have to do all the reading then memorizing . This keyboard gets you started ! Anybody can play piano with this instrument .
 This stand totally rocks for use at home , but it may be too bulky or heavy for someone who needs to on the road with it a lot . Hercules makes the best music stands , they are strong , well balanced , and heavy enough to prevent tipping . We have this woodwind plus a number of acoustic and electric guitar stands from Hercules . These stands are so sturdy that our music instruments can sit out and ready to play , and we do n't have worry about knocking them over at all.My son uses the Clarinet Pad-Savers to keep the clarinet dry inside and the stand to keep it safe in the open , and his fine wooden clarinet sits out near his chair to be noticed and played frequently . Plus the upright clarinet takes up little space , is pleasant to look at , and ready to play.I love our Hercules stands . I 'm buying another clarinet stand today . Highly recommended tis brand of music stand .
 We were looking at a portable stand for my daughter 's clarinet . This portable stand works great , protects the bell , and provides a stable place for the clarinet.Two legs fold in and the peg unscrews which makes for easy storage and portability . This base of the stand itself is also is universal for some other instruments if you chose to order different posts to screw onto it.The base has decent weight to prevent the instrument from falling over . It wo n't prevent it from falling if it gets knocked , but not many stands will.My only concern is the tightness of the legs . Right now , everything is tight , but I am concerned that with use , the legs my loosen and start to flop a little . I may be premature with this , since right now it is rock solid and I really do n't see any obvious failure points.I would recommend this to anyone looking for a good stand without spending a fortune.UPDATE 04/02/2011
 We got this for our daughter , she had a high-end Yamaha flue . It fits perfectly on this peg . The idea is not just to hold the flute , but after you are done playing , and you clean the flute , you still want it to really DRY OUT before you put it back in the case . This is the way to go . -LRB- Do n't leave it flat , someone will sit on your expensive flute , or they 'll put a book on it , or worse ... -RRB- Very Happy . We 'll look into adding a peg to this for a piccolo ; that will be nice too !
 I bought this stand because I needed a stronger stand for my flute just to make sure that during orchestra , band , technical excerpt class , and other musician crowded spaces , my flute would be very safe and it would be harder for it to fall over . This is a great product ! I have a gig bag for my flute , and it fits perfectly , but the stand is a little bit bigger and heavier than a regular stand . If you have a really small flute bag , you probably are going to have a hard time fitting it in , but the sure thing is that your flute will be very safe .
 I really like the suede-like peg that came with my Hercules flute/clarinet stand . When I double on clarinet I use the Hercules clarinet peg on my Belmonte sax stand because my clarinet tends to stick to the plastic Belmonte clarinet peg . Then , for the flute , I switch the Belmonte peg onto the Hercules base -- and that work just fine .
 I bought this wonderful Hercules stand for my flute , and it is the best I 've ever owned . I 've played flute/piccolo for over 30 years , and have resisted buying this stand because of it 's weight and slight bulk . I always had the plastic , compact stands before , which are unreliable when you are switching fast between flute and piccolo . I tended to knock my flute over -LRB- although I 've become quite adept at catching my flute as it was falling ! -RRB- Crazy , huh ? I finally changed my mindset when my Sankyo flute actually did fall all the way over during a musical , and now has a permanent dent in the headjoint ! I had to buy something sturdier ! I feel completely confident in this stand , and no longer worry about my flute falling over every time I reach for it . Do n't wait until your flute falls and becomes damaged ! This stand is very sturdy , with rubber pads on the feet , and it folds up for storage . The velvet on the removable peg is a real bonus , although it does n't come off for cleaning . My husband has the Hercules tenor sax stand and the Hercules baritone sax stand . They are all very study and totally reliable . Hercules stands are somewhat pricey , but so , so worth it !!
 Got this for my grandson ; he says it works perfectly - sturdy and does not lean - added weight of instrument is no problem
 This little guy is like all Hercules products . . built very very strong ... . I did get the other flut stand that sits inside the foot joint but it barely lasted 2 minutes . The hinge pins did not last ... I am waiting for a replacement for that one . This 540 model is not quite a portable but definitely totally dependable and well made .
 Really nice stand for the flute - I like the weight and how solid the legs feel . The peg is covered with velvet , so it wo n't scratch the instrument . The flute does , however , have some wobble as the peg is a bit smaller than the interior of the flute . -LRB- If you look at the headjoint , it can move several inches back and forth due to the extra space around the peg . -RRB- Although the wobble can be a bit unsettling , I 'm still confident in the stand because of the weight/solidity of the base . Would be perfect if the peg were slightly bigger .
 As a band director , I recently purchased this item for use in my classroom . The stand is consturcted of quality guage steel and is quite sturdy . Being that I often play many different instruments with students , it is nice that it holds multiple instruments.The only negative is that the top peice threads into the tripod for storage . These threads sometimes become loose and you have to periodically tighten the top part . If you use it mostly in a stationary location you might want to put some lock-tight on the threads.Good product , would recommed to students and professionals .
 Very sturdy and does a good job of holding my flute like it 's supposed to . I would definitely recommend this product .
 You do n't have to worry about where and how you want to place your clarinet if you have this stand . it 's even easy to be carried with you especially if you have a performance . I strongly recommend everyone to have this stand .
 I actually ordered the stand for the flute/piccolo , but got this one instead . Has extra pegs for the clarinet . I already have this one for my other daughter who plays flute/piccolo/clarinet . Wanted one for my daughter who plays oboe . Do n't need the other pegs , but I 'll keep it anyway . Gave it 4 stars only because they sent me the wrong one , but the actual product is superb !
 Over the years , I have been playing with a variety of ` good strings ' but were unsatisfied with most of them due to their ` dull soundings ' and breakages in a relatively short time . I 'm not sure if I can call them good anymore , but as my hunt continued on for the ` better sounding strings ' , I accidentally stumbled across an interesting article about Blue Steel ` Cryogenics ' from Guitar Player mag sometime during the mid 90 's and decided to give them a try ; as soon as I put them on my Strat and hit the notes I knew these were the strings . They sounded great with clear highs and a very ` tight ' bottom ; the pitches , harmonics and crunches were all there and that 's what I was looking for . When I put another set on my Les Paul , the PAFs came out screaming and that was all history ! The best part came after a month later where the strings sounded even better as they 've just ` broken-in ' and did n't snap when I heavily bent them . Since then , I knew Dean Markley ` Blue Steel ' Custom Lites were the right ones . Not sure if it has anything to do with their ` cryogenic ' freezing technique , but I 'm satisfied with it and been using it to this day .
 I love this cymbal . great tone , great price . I 've been playing for 8 years now , and this is the best cymbal i 've ever had the pleasure of using .
 This is a very light and bright crash . Is not loud enough for a rock band on a live show , but its got a really good and bright hit sound . I think its good for rehearsals and some party band performances . Certainly not a big presence cymbal.Im very pleased whit it !!
 The ultimate , classic Big American Horn . I 've been playing one for 25 years and it has never let me down . Everyone has their preferences , so I ca n't recommend it to everybody , but at least give it a try before you make you decision to spend this amount of money .
 When I ordered this horn for my boy , I was n't sure it came with all the other equipments , and when it will arrive.But the horn came on time less than 10 daysand also came with a black nice case that my son can backpack , and a small bottle of rotary oil together with a mouthpiece.It sounds better and takes smaller space than the one my son usedMy son loves it !!!
 Stylish , comfortable . Wide but not too wide . Only thing is that is ships folded and so it takes a while for it to chill out and not wan na fold .
 I use this amp to power 4 speakers for my 3 training rooms . It works great and the auto power is nice to save energy when it 's not in use !
 For what it costs , it 's a great little secondary setup . I chose to route line-level signals throughout my house instead of using a central amp . I use these for places like the garage , the patio , and the bathroom where I do n't need big power or surround-sound . The patio amp in particular has many hundreds of trouble-free hours on it.I 'd certainly buy one again if one of the three I have were to fail .
 Simply awesomr for settimg up my home thraeter from 5.1 to 7.1 driving Sony 7000 series 4-way towers !! I could ` nt be happier with this amp , and i love the automatic power saving feature !! buy it ...
 I liked the power rating and that it will turn on passively with an analog input -LRB- such as the stereo out from a flat screen TV -RRB- . Shipment was lightening fast and packaging was top notch.Amazon has -LRB- d -RRB- it on sale for 80 bucks , so jumped on it . While the sound is tolerable it does n't fit in with the quality of the rest of the system . So this will be relegated to anotherroom and I 'll go for the Crown Amp like I should have in the first place .
 I was looking for a specific solution for my outdoor speaker needs ; I wanted to run my outdoor Yamaha speakers in mono mode as they were situated in different areas of the backyard and stereo would not have worked very well . After a bit of online research I came upon AudioSource Amps . At first glance the entry level 100 appeared rather basic but I did n't need an additional receiver or a powerhouse amp -LRB- it 's just for background music -RRB- so it seemed to be the right solution . I read numerous other reviews that indicated I was on the right track.Amazon shipped quickly and I was self installing . The printed manual was n't crystal clear - to me at least - and as I did n't want to blow my speakers due to miswiring I called in to the free support line . I was quickly connected to a live person -LRB- who was n't located on the other side of the world -RRB- who confimed that I was wiring correctly for a mono application and the rest of it was easy.I 'm very pleased with the 100 ; I only run it at 1/4 volume and that 's plenty for outside listening . Any more and conversation would be difficult and the neighbors might start to get annoyed . It 's turned out to be an affordable , simple solution for me .
 If you 've been looking for an in-expensive , nice quality , flexible amp , the Amp-100 is the Amp for you ! I 've been an audiophile for over 30 years and I am totally pleased with my two Amp-100s strapped mono -LRB- one amp left channel , one amp right channel -RRB- . Before I setup these two amps , I decided to test one in Stereo mode . I was really surprised to find this amp performing at such a high quality output ! In both Stereo and Mono modes , it maintains a flat frequency response , it is very noiseless and has plenty of power on tap!I have n't had difficulties with the auto on/off like others have claimed here . Read the book folks!I 'm running a serious high end DAC on this system , and these amps do not detract from the high quality sound at all . Considering this ; The Amp 100 is one heck of a bargain for anyone !
 First , let me begin by further defining the title of this rating . It truly is the perfect amp for a pair of speakers , `` somewhere . '' Be it your desk , your patio , your hot-tub or your den , it will provide far , far more performance and quality of sound than any receiver or amp within it 's price range and above.The Audiosource website does n't specify it , but I invalidated my warranty and looked inside and it DOES have a toroidal power supply , and is built with a very simple and direct approach . I am not an audiophile , but , hey the circuit boards looked uncluttered and as direct/simple as I 've seen in audiophile equipment photos on the net . Plus it sounds amazing.If you are holding back from purchasing the Amp One-A due to its price and are looking for an amp to power a pair of bookshelf speakers or zone speakers , I recommend this model .
 I Like it alot ! I bought it for what it is . A nice & compact Amp with minimal features . I have a very elaborate Home Theater in my Living room . But , I also enjoy TV , Music & DVDs in my bedroom . A stand alone TV has horrible sound to me . I ca n't enjoy movies or TV that way . I use an oldie but a goodie 27 '' RCA Home Theater Series tube TV in my bedroom . The Picture still looks Great & it has a bunch of stereo inputs & a steady stereo output . I added a Yamaha DV-S5750 DVD/CD Multi Format player , A set of Yamaha NS-A635A Loud Speakers with a passive -LRB- non amplified -RRB- Subwoofer enclosure -LRB- 10 '' Yamaha Driver -RRB- The subwoofer has a built in crossover circuit to give me the correct impedance -LRB- 8 ohms -RRB- for the amp -LRB- Crucial to proper operation & protection of the Amp & speakers -RRB- . Anyway , The 3 speaker configuration including the Amp , DVD , TV & a good set Monster stereo & speaker cables , Make up nice sounding & enjoyable mini system in my bedroom . Note *** I use the Line 2 inputs to correct the aformentioned problem of the auto switch off when line signal is low . -LRB- Folks with the `` auto switching the sound off '' annoyance , need to do this . It 's listed in the instruction manual , but not too clear . It explains the pass thru input briefly -RRB- Input 2 allows the unit to have a steady line in signal -LRB- I 'm using the TV as a pre-amp . -RRB- * Just a note * non-amplified input sources do not supply a steady line in signal . I also use another 1 in my Home Theater -LRB- Mono Block config . -RRB- just for some rear center channel power . I recommend grabbing some of these . Application configuration is limitless . I rate ***** 5 stars for price to quality & variable application configuration .
 I bought this item not long ago . It fills the bill nicely for what I wanted . It is a basic audio power amplifier . It is soundly made , low noise , reasonably powerful and nice looking . I use it for my home entertainment center as my main stereo amp . I drive it through a preamplifier to control volume and frequency equalization as the amp has none of that , only volume and balance . my house is small , but the room is fairly open . We listen to music and we use it to channel the sound from our movie collection . It gives more than adequate volume through a couple of Sony 40 watt speakers , leaving plenty of headroom . I do not believe in blowing my ears out , but sometimes I like a little elevation for certain things and this system has it , especially coupled with a powered subwoofer . I 've had no problems , no annoying quirks , just sound performance . I recommend it for home applications . Some may have mentioned it running hot , I have not found that to be so , but they may run much higher average levels to drive larger speakers or fill a much larger space . Mine runs just a little warm .
 I had an audiophile 12 '' Mirage subwoofer that had an internal amplifier that broke . Cost to repair was over $ 300 bucks . The subwoofer is very good quality that is hard to come by these days - I opted to keep it . I decided to take a chance on using the Audiosource AMP-100 to power the sub . The Audiosoucre amp is much cleaner power then the cheaper Amazon sub amps you find online that also require modifying the sub enclosure . I ended up bridging the amp -LRB- 150 watts at 8 ohms -RRB- and using the internal crossover output signal from my Yamaha Receiver . The sub is not quite as loud as the factory 450 watt version ; However , the Audiosource AMP-100 rocks out with a clarity that the other unit did not provide . The amp will shake the windows and bother my neighbors :-RRB- I never have the amplifier turned up past 75 % of the total volume -LRB- to loud at that point -RRB- . For less then $ 75 bucks I ended up with a clear Audiophile-grade subwoofer with plenty of power . You can not go wrong with this amplifier . Best of luck !
 Nice sound , I am using this amp to drive a couple of small bookshelf speakers and a subwoofer with the signal coming from an android tablet for streaming music . I am mounting all of this inside an old Philco cabinet for a retro looking living room stereo . This unit does everything I need it to for a reasonable price .
 I 've owned one of these amps now for about six months . All the complaints I 've read in the reviews have come from people who obviously ca n't be bothered to read , pay attention , or think things through . I 'm specifically referring to Auto Input Switching/Power , lack of features , and output power.First , this is NOT an integrated amp . Nor is it designed to be used primarily as a standalone system . It is intended to be used as a node on a distributed music system . The feature set for this unit has this use in mind.It can function as a standalone unit but if you are going to use it as such you need to use it with a pre-amp or with an input source that provides adequate line in , input selection and the tone/equalization control you want.Second , the auto input switching . The manual is n't clear on this and the feature ca n't be switched off , which is why I docked it a star . But some reading and thought will provide the solution . The auto input feature is only on input 1 . If you run your primary input to input 2 you will have no problem with auto switching cutting off your music during quiet passages or after the track has started . If you need to use multiple sources without the auto switch cutting the input then you need to use external input switching -LRB- see pre-amp above -RRB- and make sure the switch/pre-amp is fed to input 2 on the amp.Auto-power on issues
 I had the reported switching problem -LRB- `` UPDATE
 My stereo configuration is four KLH outdoor `` rock '' -LRB- they look like pieces of granite -RRB- speakers , an IPOD , and a ten-inch deep book shelf that I wanted to use as the location for the amplifier . I looked at Fry 's , Best Buy , and Circuit City and could n't find anything that was compact enough to fit on the bookshelf unless I went really high-end with a Bose setup . I had a spare Sony surround receiver that worked fine , except that it did n't fit the shelf , plus I was n't really looking for all the bells and whistles of the receiver because I wo n't be using this setup to watch TV , my CD 's are all on iTunes now , and I get crummy radio reception at my house . So , the technical requirements were to be able to drive the four speakers using a line-in level input coming from the IPOD . Pretty simple.Anyhow , I purchased the Audiosource AMP100 amplifier on Amazon -LRB- to my consternation they dropped the price 3 bucks between the time I placed the order and when I received it -RRB- and it arrived in about a week using the free shipping option . It came well packed and sealed , and was as simple to set up as you 'd expect of a unit like this . So far , I have tested it once and it worked fine , in fact it sounded a little better than the Sony . All four speakers were being driven normally in A+B mode . I have n't tested the auto-on feature , but it allows the box to power up automatically when it senses a signal on one of two audio inputs . The power plug on the back of the unit is unswitched -LRB- always powered -RRB- . If I have any problems with the unit I 'll update this post , but so far , so good .
 My feature-laden Yamaha RX-577 receiver/amp finally gave up after 11 years of service , and since we now live in the country with little or no radio reception , I looked for a simple amplifier , with simple controls and adequate capacity -LRB- hint on the meaning of `` adequate '' - I am no longer 19 -RRB- . This amp is an understated black box , with basic minimalist styling and simple controls that adjust balance and volume , and speaker outputs to A and B . It does a fine job on my average home stereo system . I concur with other reviewers that the silly feature of automatically turning itself to a stand-by state when no input signal is present is essentially useless on any kind of music other than the constant drone of Scottish bagpipes or techno . Between tracks of a CD , or even in silent pauses in music , it dutifully and maddeningly turns itself `` off '' , and then , oops ! - back on again when the music resumes - after missing a few measures , of course . Happily this feature is only present on line 1 of the system . If you use line 2 as your primary source , it overrides line 1 . As an engineer , I find this logic perplexing . Since when should a secondary line signal override the primary signal ? Who thought of that ? Anyway , this is the only fix that I know of to stop the automatic stand-by feature , and it does work.Beyond that user-correctable deficiency , if you do n't need 110 + db sound anymore -LRB- or never did -RRB- , this amp is a highly suitable piece of equipment that appears well built , is simple to use and understand , and simple to hook up . It is relatively heavy for its size , and like watermelons , heaviness potentially equals quality , especially with things that supply power.I am overall quite satisfied with this amp .
 UPDATE
 I am giving this product a 5 star rating , even though I am waiting for tech support to get back to me on one issue . At least they have tech support , and they are very knowledgable and helpful.I bought 2 of these amps to power 4 sets of AudioSource in wall speakers I have installed . I have one pair in each of 4 bedrooms -LRB- the review I wrote on the speakers is also on Amazon -RRB- . These amps are connected to my Yamaha 5890 receiver which is capable of driving 3 different zones using 3 different inputs , which is cool , but totally overkill for me.When I activate Zone 2 or Zone 3 from the receiver , the AudioSource amps kick on automatically , a great feature . At first , I was having a lot of distortion in the speakers though . I called tech support , and they told me to reset the jumpers in my Russound in-wall volume controls , to allow the amp to push more power to the speakers at 8 ohms . Apparently the volume controls were cutting the resistance to 2 ohms , and the amps dont like that.Well , I made that adjustment , and voila . The music comes through clean and clear . Not deafening , but certainly loud enough to enjoy in the bedrooms . Thus far they perform admirably , and I found no other products that match their functionality , let alone value.But more than that 5 STARS FOR REAL TECH SUPPORT !!! They even called me back to talk , and were familiar with my volume controls and walked me thru the process . I know just enough to be dangerous , and the tech I spoke with was top notch . You just dont get enough of that these days , and I hope AudioSource keeps such a wonderful feature and resource , its truely a differentiator in today 's market . Real people , with real answers , imagine that .
 I realy could n't go wrong with this one . At under $ 100 with free shipping and Amazons return policy ... I got one just to test it out . I sent the first one back because it made my speakers squeal when I turned the amp on . Audiosource said it may be a problem when bridging 4ohm speakers . It was a problem with 4ohm , 8ohm , bridged or stereo . Anyway , the second one was fine . This amp does n't have much power , so do n't expect to run much of a subwoofer with it . It will power a sub , but when pushed , it may dammage your speakers , so keep your hand on the volume control when testing . You 'll know when to turn it down ... trust me . This amp is great for versitillity . With two speaker sets and the ability to run one set at 4ohm or 2 sets at 8ohm . Or if your like me , bridge A and B. I use a 4ohm butkicker for quiet nightime listening on speaker A or hit speaker B for a 4ohm 12 '' Sony explode subwoofer . -LRB- Run 2 4ohm speaker at the same time bridged at your own risk ! -RRB- This , I set up for my son 's xbox360 as a perfect solution so I do n't hear guns and bombs going off all night long . Bottom line is , for the price , it 's great . I plan on taking it outside this summer to hook up to speakers on a gazebo . It 's light enough to to carry around . It 's a snap to connect . Just connect an mp3 player with a small headset to rca adapter and I 'm done . Bannana connections are always a plus as well . A small complaint i have is the auto signal detector . It does n't work at low volume . This is a bit annoying if you want good sound quality when somebody is sleeping in the next room . I 'm being way to picky here . I just set it to manual . God forbid I have to push an extra button . If this thing breaks , I wo n't get to excited . Under $ 100 delivered ! Amazon realy takes care of customers who buy damaged stuff `` shipped and sold from Amazon '' . They do n't pad their shipping items very well though ...
 The reason I bought this amp was similar to another customer - I wanted something to use with my iPod so I could hook up speakers of my choosing . I did n't want/need a big-bucks home theater receiver with all the gizmos . The amp works a treat , it is solidly built and very low profile - fits in a small cabinet . Interestingly enough , I had the exact same problem with the amp switching - you actually hear it switch over if you have any silent phases in a song playing on the iPod ... was bugging me till I read the other customer 's review ... simply changed the input from Line 1 to Line 2 - works a treat now .
 I think Kluutmahn `` Audio Pragmatist '' goes into great detail about this amp . I second his thoughts , and here are a few of my own.I own 3 of these amps . I 've owned them for about a year and a half . I did n't buy them here but would n't hesitate , the price here is the best i 've seen . I do n't have multiple inputs , i only have my computer running into them . I have an 8in/8out audio card . So i have 1 set of outs going to the first amp which is daisy-chained with the second amp using the output of amp 1 to input 2 of amp 2 . I have the 3rd amp -LRB- for speakers at my bed -RRB- on a second set of outputs of my audio card.All of my sound producing equipment -LRB- TVs , Computers , Record Player , DVD , Mutitrack , etc. . . -RRB- are all run into my audio card on my primary computer . All the switching between audio sources is done on the computer . The Audiosource amps receive the output from the computer.I use input 2 for the auto power off feature , which is the reason i chose this amp . Auto power off works great . Once in a great while i 'll run across something that is very quiet and wo n't trigger the amps to turn on , but that is very rare . Normal audio will trigger the amp in a second or two . Before i bought these amps i was concerned that the amps might switch on switch off -LRB- quick switching -RRB- during quiet passages of a song but that is not the case . It does n't switch immediately off . I 'm not sure how long it takes for it to decide to switch off but i 'm guessing at least 30 seconds or a minute -LRB- maybe when i get home tonight i 'll time it -RRB- . As for the volume and bass , i have 16 Polk audio Monitor30 series speakers distributed throughout my small apartment . 8 speakers on each amp -LRB- series/parallel -RRB- , except the third amp is only powering 2 JBL speakers . I do n't have all these speakers to play it loud , i wanted sound wherever i walk -LRB- bathroom , kitchen , living room , bedroom -RRB- which i have . The sound will get very loud if i turn it up . I have a special EQ configuration to knock out some bass -LRB- Mr Icarus Jones 's fault -RRB- to prevent bothering the neighbors . Now i 'm not one of those guys who needs bass like some of these cars you can hear a block away . I just need even sound which i have with this setup . If i were to add a sub woofer i 'm sure these amps will power it just fine , but i 'm content with the bass i have.I have n't had any buzz problems . I do some amateur audio recording and am very sensitive to slight noise . A slight noise/buzz would drive me crazy , especially all over the apartment -LRB- i have speakers everywhere -RRB- . I can confirm that there is 0 noise/buzz . These are quiet.I have these amps rack mounted on a standard 19 inch rack . i used 3 sets of1U mounting brackets for open post rack SA-3201to mount the amps . I had to add 1/4 inch of wood to each side to fit it correctly and this works well . I also picked up some longer screws from the hardware store to put this together.In conclusion , i needed a basic amp , inexpensive , clean sound and an auto on/off feature , this amp was the perfect solution . I never concern myself with turning the amps on or off , when i turn on/off my source of audio , everything else is automatic . --------------- UPDATE September 27th 2012 -------------------- I think i bought my first one of these amps 2 or 3 years ago , i currently have 3 . I 'm extremely satisfied with these amps . I will not hesitate buying more of these .
 I hooked this up to my BOSE 301 series II speakers and it really works great ! I first played my iPod 5g nano through this amp , and while the sound was clean I was a bit disappointed in the volume of sound , then I played my 4g ipod touch and BAM ! Much better ! Better amp in the 4g iPod touch . I 've got PLENTY of volume , in fact more than I 'll use . No need for a sub with these 301 's as I do n't listen to hiphop . The amp foot print is small , discreet , and free of choices , that 's really a good thing ! Additionally , I like Amazon , this company is always great to do internet business with , and are very smart moving forward in this new economy ... down with ebay up with AMAZON!Oh yeah , sittin ' here jammin to Ozric Tenticles `` Waterfall Cities '' , and it 's soundin ' AWESOME !
 Like others , I experienced some cut outs -- once I figured out the brilliance of the design it all made sense . It automagically handles dual inputs with priority
 Needed an amp to push the small radio out to the yard and works well . Good value for the money and simple to connect . A couple of extra audio connectors with the unit would be nice but i just used some I had from an old TV . Recommended it to my friends . Buy it
 I use this to pipe classical music from my computer into my shop . The lack of controls is really a plus because Windows Media Player provides all the control I need . Sound quality is excellant and power is more than adequate .
 Cool little amp , provides adequate power for the price . Easy to use and the instructions were very easy to follow .
 I bought this amp because the internal speakers in my new LCD widescreen TV were totally inadequate for rendering proper stereo sound from my DVD player . I attached the amp to the L/R audio out RCA jacks of the DVD player because the only audio output from the TV was optical audio , and I really needed better sound from my DVD 's , and I do n't actually watch the TV stations that much . I also bought a pair of Sony bookshelf speakers to attach to the amp , and I am very pleased with the result.If you need better sound than that provided by internal speakers in your new TV , especially for DVD 's , this amp is a great choice .
 I was looking for a way to get the 8 speakers I have in and outside of my house off my yamaha rx-v2700 receiver . I was using the receiver 's internal amp to power all of the speakers -LRB- which can potentially damage the receiver itself . . dont do it if you can avoid it ! -RRB- . I was on a budget and this amp really fit the bill . I purchased 2 of them -LRB- refurbished from J&R ; Electronics through amazon -RRB- and tested both last night . I am happy to say that both worked flawlessly.A few things : As others have mentioned , you need to use input 2 for the amp to stay on without cutting out.This amp is meant to be able to use A , B , or * BOTH * A+B at the same time . Meaning that I can either listen only in my living room -LRB- A -RRB- or my kitchen -LRB- B -RRB- or both my living room and kitchen at the same time -LRB- A+B -RRB- . If you 're amp does not work this way , there is something wrong with the one you received.Garbage in , garbage out . If you are expecting fantastic sound from an ipod that has low quality mp3 's on it ... you * will be * disapointed . I noticed significant degredation in sound quality once i got the speakers in my house on a real amp . Once I got my UDAC setup and was able to play all the lossless quality audio i have stored on my PC -LRB- mostly WMA files -RRB- the sound is fantastic and an extreme improvement overall.My setup is as follows : PC to Nuforce UDAC -LRB- purchased here on amazon -RRB- to my receiver Yamaha rx-v2700 -LRB- older receiver does not pass digital signals to 2nd/3rd zones -RRB- . My PC is upstairs , reciever is downstairs so I used a USB to ethernet adapter to run through the walls -LRB- 75 ft of Cat6a -RRB- and locate the Nuforce UDAC closer to my receiver . Zone 2 on the receiver out to one of the audiosource 100 amps , zone 3 on the receiver out to the 2nd audiosource 100 amp . Then from the amps out to the speakers throughout the house -LRB- Garage/Back deck on one amp , and Living Room/Kitchen on 2nd amp -RRB- .
 The AMP-100 is what it is and it serves it 's purpose well . I installed it in an office wired to speakers in five separate rooms . It was a perfect solution for this application and at a great price.I needed mono output and the technical support was easy to reach on the phone and very helpful at ensuring I set up the system correctly to get identical sound from each speaker.The instruction manual could be better written , but if you do n't mind making a phone call to the company they will walk you through any questions or issues . They had technical information on all of the other stereo system components I was installing to ensure everything was compatible .
 This was a perfect addition to my slowly growing collection of modular audio system equipment . It 's compact , simple , powerful , and fits in with the rest of my equipment . I highly recommend this for people who install and strike their equipment regularly .
 I needed something to allow me to use speakers both outdoors and in another room , and this little unit filled the bill perfectly . It 's simple , direct , and does the job . My only complaint is the speaker selection buttons on the front . They 're really sticky . They seem to be set up so that when one set of remote speakers is turned on , the other automatically turns off -LRB- i.e. , when you push the A button , the B button automatically pops back out turning the B speakers off , and vice versa -RRB- . Nice , but what if you want both sets of remote speakers on at the same time ? Well , both remote speakers can be on at the same time when both buttons are pushed in simultaneously , but then you have to jiggle them all over the place to get the buttons to pop back out and turn the speakers off again . Probably a picky point , but it 's annoying . If not for this , I 'd give it 5 stars instead of 4 .
 I use this amp to feed speakers on my roof deck from internet music -LRB- various sources -RRB- . My computer sound card software has more than enough adjustments to trim the audio so no `` preamp '' is required . I like that it is reasonably small and that it will turn off after 20 minutes or so in the absence of a signal . The sound is clean and there is plenty of power for my application.A good deal !
 I purchased this to replace an old Rotel 840 Amp , which in it 's day supplied incredible sound quality at a price I could afford -LRB- in the 90s -RRB- . I read other folks reviews on the AMP-100 and took the plunge . The AudioSource is simply amazing for the price , awesome sound , no thrills and easy to use . For those who have 2 ears and 1 brain this is a great Stereo Amp at any price .
 I bought this to run two in-wall speakers in my bedroom . I have a ZyXEL DMA1100P hooked up to it as an audio source . This combination works beautifully . I turn on the ZyXEL which sends an audio signal to the amp and turns it on automatically . When I 'm all done , the amp turns itself off . I have had no issues with the amp turning off or dropping out when using it . I even listen at low volume in the bedroom and it works fine . They either fixed the issue others are having or they are not using it right . Sound quality is good . Volume is really good . I have it at half way and it 's plenty loud . At this price you ca n't beat it .
 looking for a simple aux amp ? This is a great choice ... I added this to my very expensive Pioneer receiver to add two zones . Sounds good and wo n't break the bank . I
 So , if you get a lemon , it looks like you 're out another $ 85 to replace it . I certainly did n't get a lemon ; I 've considered calling the customer support line to just say thank you ! Expecting the customer support is nonexistant , but for $ 85 for a working amp , I 've gotten more than I paid for.It sounds good , even with the volume turned up . Clear , no noticeable noise.It was dirt cheap , even compared to the rest of the Chinese imports.It shuts itself off when no signal is coming in , so it does n't suck down electricity or overheat.It has two inputs , that auto-switch ; television is hooked to one , and Airport Express + turntable to the other , with a Y-cable . There 's not a million confusing buttons , confusing displays , or anything else . There 's a volume knob , and I leave the rest alone.If it matters , it 's plugged into Polk TSI100 's . They 're supposed to be rear channel speakers , but they 're more than sufficient for home audio for me . Decent bass , even . I 've had the amp plugged into Sony B3000 's ; slightly better base , but much bigger next to a teevee.Thinking of buying another one to replace an older , dying Onkyo receiver unit in the finished basement . Hrrm .
 Actually , my expectations were a little low , this performed better than I thought it would . I upgraded my whole theater with new speakers and amps , but I have n't gotten a reciever yet . Currently I am using the analog outs on my HTPC straight to the amps . I got some really good amps for my Center and L/R speakers , but I did n't want to spend much on the amp for the rears because I do plan to get a new receiver soon that will run the rears . So I just needed a cheap temporary amp for the rears . My rear speakers can handle up to 100 watts so they are a little underpowered with this amp , I actually have the amp volume set to 95 % all the time and it still does n't sound loud enough all the time . Still , the audio is clear and I have n't noticed any clipping from the amp . It actually sounds better than I expected . When I get a new reciever , I plan to use this little amp to power some outdoor patio speakers .
 I just got this in today.Got it hooked up.So far so good.I have it powering four Sony SS-B1000 5 1/8 - Inch Bookshelf Speakers.Signal to input 2 is from my computer.Input 1 gets it 's signal from my iPod.The signal switching works as advertised.As soon as i press play on my iPod it switches over instantly to input 1 . Nice.The A B speaker selector works as it should.Choose either set A or B. Or press both buttons at the same time to power all four speakers.In this configuration each one receives about 30watts rms.Plenty for my set up.Pretty loud and clear sitting in front the computer.lol.Sound is great also.No comments on the auto shut off.I have it switched off and I just manually turn it off since its within arms reach.All in all im very happy with it so far.Good price.Good sound.Works like it should .
 Excellent value for the cost
 This Amp is fantastic for use as a booster in a system to power certain speakers . I use it for the center channel and for seat shakers . Auto on feature is great and the bridge function allows for use as an amp for the center channel or an unpowered subwoofer .
 We are using this to power an aux set of speakers to the main Onkyo 7.1 system in the home theatre . It 's just the right box , enough power and integrated just fine .
 I use this as my `` whole house '' amplifier and it does very well.I have an Apple airport express connected to input 2 , auto-on enabled , and the volume set to a very high level . I feed the output to a Niles 5-way switch with impedance protection enabled and all speakers turned on . Each set of speakers connected to the switch goes to a room with an impedance based volume control leading to in-wall Atlantic Research speakers . I drive the airport express from my iTunes.The bottom line is this amp turns on within a half a second of my starting to stream music , and is plenty loud across an arbitrary range of speakers -LRB- for whatever it 's worth , the AR speakers are pretty efficient and I love them as in-wall speakers given swmbo requires in-wall -RRB- . For this kind of installation , you ca n't beat price/performance .
 This is more of a review of what this amp will help you do will you music library.This amp is stored out of sight and connected to a laptop on a shelf so when the music on the PC is turned on the amp goes from standby to on . With this kind of setup the laptop is all that will be seen . Now that audio is stored and retrieved Online or with Media Player there is no need for a stereo on a shelf to handle music . The PC does have a CD player , but what for . If there is music on a device with Bluetooth this set up works too.After I used the amp/PC setup for awhile I went through all my CD 's and DVD 's made a list and sent the collection to my Amazon 's trade-in account . I can now have Amazon 's cloud player save all the new music I buy from them .
 This is the second purchase of this model I have made.The most attractive feature of this amp is that it has very quiet and smart automatic switching . When the primary source is switched off , it will self-select the secondary source . If you use this for public address the primary source will override the secondary background and switch back quickly . The switching is set , perhaps , a bit high . During a quiet passage the autoswitch will change programs rapidly . This feature could stand an external sensitivity selector.When there is no source material it will turn itself off after a few minutes.Good full range output power -LRB- 20Hz - 20kHz -RRB- , enough for any reasonably efficient speaker pair . Low distortion too . Speaker impedance is not a problem ; it can handle 4 and 8 ohm systems . You may use a second set of speakers , but this amp will only allow one pair to be driven at a time
 I bought this for our whole house stereo speakers -LRB- 7 different rooms plus our back patio -RRB- . It works really well and creates less heat in the cabinet then our older version of this amp .
 I got this to power a pair of 20 year old Definitive Technology Dr7 Bookshelf Speakers and a old JBL 12 &#8221; powered subwoofer to use as Computer Monitors for my sons Computer in his bedroom . . he was floored by the Natural Stereo Imaging he is getting without the use of a center channel . . This Amp Powers those Speakers with cleanrealistic sounding audio . . He can crank this amp to maximum Volume with zero distortion and excellent definition ... Loud Enough to appreciate Rock and Roll and it is not too loud to disturb the neighbors ... excellent product for a great Price . .
 I bought this amp to power two outdoor speakers -LRB- Dual 3-Way Indoor/Outdoor that I mounted under the eaves of my house over the patio . I struggled finding a bare minimum zone amp that had decent power and was under $ 100 . I finally settled on this one despite some of the poor reviews.I just got it today and so far so good . It sounds pretty good but hard to tell since I 've only used it on a pair of average outdoor speakers . Easy setup . The two inputs are nice and dual speaker output -LRB- I might add more speakers to my garage -RRB- . I have a Y connector in the input 2 slot that connects my iPod to the amp . I then have my inside home theater hooked up to the input 2 passive output -LRB- my all-in-one home theater does n't have an audio output -- can you believe that ?? -RRB- . I can now have the same music inside and outside . I also hooked my TV up to the other input so I can have TV inside and out . This will be great for football parties and other entertaining.I did n't want any bells or whistles . . just a 4 ohm stable amp that could push about 50-60 watts RMS . And that is exactly what this amp is.I would recommend for anyone wanting a similar setup.I question the longevity of this product based on other peoples ' experiences and I will update this review if something happens . However , for now I am very pleased .
 Bought this as an amp for a Sonos zone . Worked for 6 months , but now audio comes and goes . Too bad , because when it worked , it was perfect.Update
 I have had two of these for over two years now powering a pair of Bogen Near R8 rock speakers out around my pool . I have had no issues with these amps which is really quite amazing since they sit behind my bar in my cabana in the heat of Texas . For the price you ca n't touch these amps and they actually sound good handling primarily Pandora and streamed FLAC through my SqueezeBox system . They are front ended by an old Yamaha 2095 receiver .
 I was looking for a stereo amp to drive my Polk Monitor 40 's . Previously I 've used a baseline Technics surround amp and a Rotel power amp -LRB- the power amp is connected directly to an iPod -RRB- . The design is simple , make is robust , and the sound is NATURAL . 50W power is the perfect wattage for a 500sq feet space.For less than $ 90 , this amp is a BARGAIN !
 This AMP is simple and has the right features - 2 Zones and automatic on/off controlled by the audio input source.Like many people today , I only play my music through iTunes . I am using this amp with an Apple Air Express , which allows streaming from iPhones , iPads , iPod Touch , Macs and PCs through a line level audio output . Total cost for amp and Air Express without speakers under $ 200 . I plugged the Air Express into the AC outlet -LRB- always on -RRB- on the amp , and then line level mini plug to dual RCA audio connectors to the amp . By having the amp in auto power mode , the amp turns itself on and off based upon it receiving an audio signal . Then just hook up the speakers . I have one zone for some outdoor speakers and one zone for my family room . I control which zones are used with the amp 's manual switches . I have the volume set to the maximum level that i want when iTunes streams . In this way , I control the content and volume through iTunes using iPhones and iPads as the ultimate remote controls for an audio system .
 This is a useful product for my university classroom where we show DVDs and YouTube clips during seminars because it has dual inputs and simple volume and balance controls . I also bought external speakers for the LCD TV and the system works great . The first unit I received had a bad left channel , but the manufacturer replaced it within a week with a new unit . When I told them I bought it on the Internet , the technician hesitated until I said that I purchased it through Amazon , which is one of their partners . I am very happy with the unit and the service .
 Used to connect large speakers to Samsung LN52A630 via RCA connectors . TV hooked to input one . Input two used for laptop or ipod using 3.5 mm to RCA cable . Amp senses input on signal two and automatically switches to that signal . Only defect is that input two sensing allows signal dropout in quiet music passages -LRB- input one does not have this problem -RRB- . Was aware of this problem prior to purchase so no big deal . -LRB- Rarely a problem with rock 'n' roll or internet radio . -RRB- Amp is always left on -LRB- automatically goes into standby after a few minutes when no signal is present at either input -RRB- . Have never cranked amp up to full volume as it would be much , much too loud . 50 watts to good speakers is more than sufficient . Clear , crisp sound ; no distortion . Just wish Samsung could adjust audio out volume so I could use my remote for that function -LRB- Amp has no remote -RRB- . Good interim sound system . Will use as zone 2 amp later . Purchased refurbished from J&R . Arrived double boxed .
 We just needed an amp for a second zone and this amp is performing that job very well .
 I 've had this amp running now for about 3 weeks . Very clean sound . I 'm using it to drive old Bose 901 's through the Bose equalizer from a Harmon-Kardon preamp out . Nice complement to the system . Just what I wanted at a great price also .
 This has autosensing but you can flip a switch on the back and make it into a manual amplifier as well . Autosensing works best if you use line 2 input as your primary . Smooth response curve and does a great job .
 A few points from my short time with this product using it as an amp for my computer pushing two bookshelf speakers -- I read all the other reviews , and the instructions so I use input 2 and do n't have any problems with it turning itself off.-The binding posts in the back are rather hard to maneuver around if you are using larger gauge wires.-Power off is n't delayed or anything fancy like on other receivers , it 's just a hard switch so you get the little `` fwwoomp '' noise.-It is constructed very well and does n't seem to heat up at all.For the price , it is a great little piece , but it does seem a little low on power -LRB- could n't push my towers well at all -RRB- but they do make a more powerful version .
 I used this to power a pair of outdoor Bose speakers on my back deck and it works well . Runs cool ; I have the AudioSource Amp installed in a closed kitchen cabinet with no heat problems.My music source is an Apple AirPort Express with Air Tunes -LRB- M9470LL/A -RRB- connected to the amp through an headphone jack splitter . All my music is stored on an XP PC in iTunes and streamed wirelessly to the Air Tunes box . I have the AirPort Express sound jack connected to two amplifier inputs ; 1-a cheap $ 16 powered PC speaker set -LRB- has subwoofer -RRB- for listening in the kitchen -LRB- sounds great ! -RRB- , and 2 - this AudioSource amplifier . Music quality is good through the AudioSource Amp . I wish it had a bass boost but I think that is a problem with my Bose speakers.A great value .
 I 'm not an expert on audio , but I 've been very happy with this product . I bought it to separately power my backyard speakers . The speaker cable distance is about 75 feet and it has plenty of power . It can power the speakers loud enough to have my neighbors want to throw me in jail :--RRB- -- exactly what we all want in an amplifiier .
 If you 're looking for a small amp for a second room , you found it . If you need a compliment to upgrade your 5.1 this will do well for you . For the price you ca n't beat it , it delivers good sound and can really expand your system . I use it as a stand alone amp to power some smaller speakers with an iPod dock connected to it . It 's 50watts per channel so it 's no powerhouse by any means but if you need a boost , this is your amp .
 I bought this amp to power my secondary zone for my outdoor Jamo speakers . It was easy to hook up as a secondary amp to my HK receiver and sounds awesome . The 50 watts/channel is more than enough juice that will sound great and not annoy the neighbors .
 This is a great little amplifier . I 'm using it to drive a set of speakers connected to the bedroom LCD TV and I 'm very happy with it.The auto-on feature works great . Just make sure that you 're connected to the right set of RCA inputs on the back panel . The auto-on is sensitive enough to turn-on , and stay-on , even with low volume levels.When turning on , the sound gently `` ramps up '' from silence to the current volume level . The `` ramp up '' is nice because there 's no clicks or pops and the sound gently comes up to the desired volume in about 1-second . The unit runs warm but never hot or at a temp where I get worried about temperature . The sound quality seems good without adding any noise , humm , static etc. . I was n't sure how good -LRB- or bad -RRB- this unit was but now that I 've bought it I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 I have this amp hooked up to a Onkyo 809 receiver using my center channel out , with Y adapter , media bridge cable , to a Bic America PL-28 center -LRB- most efficient center on earth to me at 98db Sen. at 1w/M -RRB- and I 'm pretty sure this think is pushing about 70watts rms to it in bridged mono mode . My normal calibration set that center at -8 and when I set it to -4 it would get really loud . With this amplifier turned all the way up , my receiver sets it at -12 , with the amplifier at 1/2 I have to set my center at +8 to get the sound my receiver does by itself at -4 . Now the onkyo 809 is 135w x2 channels , but at -10 db under reference , running 7.1 it probably only puts 50-70watts to my center by itself.Also there is a pop when turning off this amp , I do n't want to use the `` auto on '' because I do n't want to leave anything on in my theater room.Now on the plus side , adding this to take the `` powering the center '' load off my receiver actually made my surrounds push fuller and louder because that 's one less speaker the receiver has to power.So long story short , run this thru a pre-amp equalizer then the amp , or dont expect it to drive you speakers at 150watts in mono mode unless that really means 4ohm mono.I would use this for my Klipsch bookshelf speakers , but my Onkyo 509 does n't have preamp outs.For under 100 bucks Id say 4 stars I guess.Oh forgot to add , the center sounds good with this amp , but sounded good anyway so at least its transparent with no distortion , even all the way up.This would be for some rca 's hooked up to an ipod or maybe as my zone 2 drivers in a kitchen but I do n't see this being loud enough to push outside speakers , even the ones I use at over 96db sensitivity .
 I use this amp to feed a pair of Infinity RS3s on my desk for computer audio . A decent DAC is connected to the digital output on my PC and that drives this amp . This setup provides vastly superior sound quality to the built in PC audio outputs . The amp is up to the task . No strain is evident even when it 's cranked up . It 's very quiet . My speakers are only 2 feet away and I ca n't hear any his or noise at all even with the volume set to 2 o'clock . The small size of the unit is a plus . It gets warm but nothing excessive . You wo n't find any improvement unless you 're prepared to shell out at least 3 times the price . It does n't compete with the 5 monoblocks pushing B&W towers at all four corners in my real system but it 's the best desktop solution I 've found . This is my business machine and it 's nice having decent sound in while working . With decent speakers this little amp will work nicely in a small room . Hope this helps .
 Got it for Christmas . Hooked up with Bose Acoustic Mass 5:1 -LRB- left over HT now set up as 2:1 , drop 3 cube speakers -RRB- . Source is Onkyo CD 6-disc player . Sound is good , and I only turn volume dial to 8 O'clock -LRB- 2 dots -RRB- . Wonder what it will be like at 12 O'clock - waking up wife and kid.Like the Amazon price and prompt delivery , plus Free Shipping .
 I purchased this amp to power my outdoor speakers but it would also be great for a simple indoor system . Good , solid quality , excellent sound !! I would highly recommend .
 I purchased this amp with low expectations based on other reviews . When it arrived I could n't wait to set it up . Without reading the instructions I quickly connected a Grace WIFI tuner to the amp and to 125w Infinity speakers , and turned it on . I could n't believe the clear , crisp sounds coming from the speakers , much better the an old Sony reciever the tuner replaced . 1/4 of a turn on the volume knob is sufficient for normal listening . At 3/4 of a turn the volumn is loud and anything above 3/4 the house rocks , and at any level the sound is fantastic . The only downside is there 's no remote to control the volumn .
 I have enjoyed the AudioSource AMP-100 Stereo Power Amp . It was easy to set-up and along with my Bose speakers , I am loving the addition . Great price too !
 Use it with computer/Ipod and a set of bookshelf speakers . Sound is very good and set up is very easy . If you want something that just has the basics , for the price you ca n't beet this .
 I had one purpose for this amplifier
 I hooked this up to my BOSE 301 series II speakers and it really works great ! I first played my iPod 5g nano through this amp , and while the sound was clean I was a bit disappointed in the volume of sound , then I played my 4g ipod touch and BAM ! Much better ! Better amp in the 4g iPod touch . I 've got PLENTY of volume , in fact more than I 'll use . No need for a sub with these 301 's as I do n't listen to hiphop . The amp foot print is small , discreet , and free of choices , that 's really a good thing ! Additionally , I like Amazon , this company is always great to do internet business with , and are very smart moving forward in this new economy ... down with ebay up with AMAZON!Oh yeah , sittin ' here jammin to Ozric Tenticles `` Waterfall Cities '' , and it 's soundin ' AWESOME !
 I was looking for a quality 2 channel amp to power some outdoor speakers . My goal was to use AirPlay to stream music and control via my iPhone . I considered the pyle amps but after reading the reviews , they did n't seem to have the quality I was seeking . I 'm not super picky but like quality and want something that does what it says it does well . This amp has good power , do n't let the watt rating fool you . I 've always thought that high-current designs provide the best sound and this amp is no exception . I 'm glad I went with Audiosource over pyle or the N22 . This thing is well-built and should last.It 's nice looking but my plans are to put it on top of my kitchen cabinet and run the wires through the wall to outdoor speakers . I do n't like to see anything and if I could hide the Yamaha NS-AW350 speakers , I would . I like the unswitched A/C outlet on the back as it allows me to plug my airport express in and with a 1/8 '' to RCA cable and you 're good to go.I 'm curious how a 2nd set of speakers hooked to the B channel would work and if this amp would be powerful enough to run all 4 ? The manual says if running 4 speakers , they should all be 8ohms . The Yamaha 's I got are 6ohm . If I used 4 of them , I believe it would be a 3ohm load vs 4ohm as recommended ... so not sure how that would pan out .
 I have bought two of these . I use them to drive speakers outside around my pool . I have it inside with my Home entertainment center a set up to take feeds from satellite , MP3 , computer , Pandora or anything else that makes sound . It 's sound quality is good and at a reasonable price .
 I have owned an older version of this amp for around 12 years . I bought it used and it has performed well on a daily basis ever since . I use it bridged to power a cylindrical SVS subwoofer in my home theater . Provides wall shaking bass at about half volume . Rated at 50 wpc but compared to the inflated power ratings of many AV receivers , this is at least if not more powerful per channel than their typical 100 wpc ratings . The auto on feature can be erratic at times , especially when used with a sub where it turns off after long periods of no low frequency sound . So I just leave it switched on all the time . Never even gets warm during use , though I do n't play my system extremely loudly or with long periods of music . So I ca n't say it gets a particularly hard workout with just movies and shows . But for what it is , a low cost separate amp , it is a nice value .
 Simple amp for when all you need is an amp . I 'm using this as the `` basement amp '' for my whole house audio system . It 's been in service a little over a month , and so far works well.Pros : * Sound is good , excellent frequency response , decent power . * Feels weighty and durable . * Rack mountable * Drives A+B speakers concurrently -LRB- even at 4 ' ohms each -RRB- . * No electronic power switch nonsenseCons : * If it 's powered off while there 's audio input , it squelches -- a bit like a record skipping -- just for a moment . * The A/B switches are mechanical , and work radio-button style except you can override them to both A+B . They feel kinda grindy and it seems like an awkward choice ; individual push-on/push-off would have seemed more sensible to me.Neutrals : * Banana plugs for speaker connection -LRB- with thru-hole screw-down capability for wire connection -RRB- .
 I bought this because we have an Airport Express in the basement , and built-in speakers on the main level with wires near the Airport Express . A variety of other amplifiers were unsatisfactory because they were always on , had terrible ground loop buzz when there was no input , and/or had their inputs randomly reset by children and power outages . This amplifier is set up for a PA system with elevator music . You just feed the Airport Express output into the overridable -LRB- elevator music -RRB- input , and leave the override input unconnected . You could connect it to an override input , if you want this functionality , but I did n't . What makes this amplifier perfect is that it has an autopower function , so it turns itself off when there 's no audio input , and turns itself on when it detects an input . This has worked without a hitch for the last 5 + weeks . Now , anytime we want to play iTunes to the main level speakers from any computer , it reliably works . Also , no annoying ground loop hum with no input . Love this amplifier . A perfect solution for my situation . Not sure if power failures will be an issue . I do n't think I 've had any since getting it . However , most of the configuration is hard switches or automatic , so if it is an issue , I only anticipate having to push the main power button .
 I 've been shopping around for an amp to drive some monitor speakers for use on my PC for music creation . I did n't want to sacrifice quality by going with a smaller unit , but I also did n't need all the extra features offered by larger stereo amps/receivers -LRB- FM tuner , multiple line in/line out , etc -RRB- . I was first looking at the Pyle audio amps , but after a bit of research I found out they only deliver the rated wattage at their ` peak ' , not continuously . And they seem to have an issue with clipping when pushing a strong current . For light duty where just pushing sound out to a pair of non-essential speakers , and saving some money is the goal , maybe the Pyle models are superior . But I wanted something that did n't compromise . Then I found the Audio Source amp.It has two RCA stereo audio inputs , one output -LRB- perfect , since I need the line out to pump audio to my powered sub from the amp -RRB- , and it delivers a full 50 watts per channel at 8Ohms , which is just enough to power my speakers well . Being able to use banana plugs is a big plus as well for me . Audio is crisp and clear , bass and mid tones come out strong , and it does n't clip . I also like that the system has audio level detection on the two ports , and will auto-switch to whichever one has audio coming in . The unit will also auto-standby to save power when no audio is being fed into it -LRB- the green power LED will turn red when this happens -RRB- . There is a very faint `` Hum '' that emanates from the top of the unit around the air vents . But its much quieter than most amps I 've owned over the years . You ca n't hear it from 2 feet away . The knobs are smooth and responsive , and the footprint is pleasingly small . The look is clean and simple , without any distracting colors or designs.For the price , I do n't think you 'll find a better two channel amp around . An excellent buy .
 I just purchased my AudioSource AMP-100 2-Channel Bridgeable Stereo Power Amplifier through Amazon , and I have to say it has provide me with exactly what I was hoping for . I bought this in combo with the TIC CORPORATION GS5 Mini Omni-Directional In-Ground/Outdoor Speakers . This past Spring I had put in a patio on the side of my house . I already had exterior speakers for my back deck , and I wanted to extend an additional zone to the new patio . I have a Yamaha receiver that has been powering interior surround sound on zone A and my current exterior speakers on zone B . The challenge I always had was the both zones were controlled by the same volume control , so it was always a balancing act of turning certain speakers on or off or changing receiver settings depending on where I was listening to music . So , in addition to creating the new listening zone , I also wanted to control all my outdoor speakers separately from my interior zone while being able to play music from the same source . I play all my music from a laptop that I connect to the CD input of my Yamaha receiver . When I received the AudioSource amp and TIC speakers , I connected the Output 2 of the AudioSource amp to the CD input of my Yamaha receiver and connected the laptop to the input 2 of the AudioSource amp . I then connected zone A speakers to my outdoor deck and zone B speakers to the side patio . I can now listen to music outside in either or both zones while being able to control the volume inside separately or completely turn off the speakers inside . If I do n't want to listen to music outside , I simply turn off the AudioSource amp . The sound from the AudioSource amp and TIC speaker combo is loud and clean , plus the price was right . I am very pleased . If you are trying to create additional listening zones to your sound system , I recommend this highly .
 I use this amp to connect an HP Touchsmart PC in our kitchen to one set of in-wall speakers and one set of outdoor speakers . You can probably tell that I 'm not an audiophile ; I was looking for something simple that I can put out of site and not have to worry about . This amp meets those needs . The sound quality has been good , and I 've had no problems with the amp in my month of using it.One complaint
 The first thing I noticed when the UPS guy delivered this was how heavy this thing is . It weighs twice as much as the old Sony receiver it replaced.The second thing I noticed was how much better the cheap , old KLH speakers I have in my bedroom sounded when I hooked them up to this . The stats this thing has -- wattage , THD , etc. -- look about the same as those for the Sony , but the sound is clearer and fuller . I swear.I have this amp running the speakers in my bedroom and my exercise room . All I needed was a stereo amp . No tuner . Not a lot of extra features . It 's perfect for that job .
 I did not expect much from this little amp but it works !!! Installed it for I pod connection for four speakers in ocean front home in Mexico . With salt air , I did not expect it to last long , like most electronics down there , but it has been cranking for over two years . When it stops working , I will get another one . Think of it as the Keenex of amps ... $ 75
 The unit is just as it was described . Good value for the money . Shipping was fast . Not a whole lot of power , but enough to run outdoor patio speakers with my receiver .
 My Plate amp went out in my Infinity sub and decided to go with an external amp . This seems to do alright . Its not going to shatter your ear drums but if you want to add noticeable umph to your system this is a cost effective solution . Do n't get me wrong if I turn it up it will still shake a few things in the house . Word of the wise switch it to input 2 . I had it on Input 1 -LRB- instintually -RRB- and it kept switching inputs with a loud audible click . Read online that this was an issue and to switch to input 2 . Just trying to save you some time , but do n't that deter your .
 I was looking for a very simple amp with a small footprint for a bookshelf stereo system . We send music to it via an Apple Airport Express on one channel , and run the sound from our Roku XD streaming device on the second channel.So far it has worked our really well . I 'm no audiophile , but it sounds great to my ears . I really like that you never have to turn it on or off , or select between input channels . It has no hum , and does n't seem to heat up at all . Sweet amp for the money .
 I am using this amp to power four sets of speakers in conjunction with a Monster Cable Speaker Switch box -LRB- search for
 Bought this amp to power my zone 2 outdoor speakers , does the job . Nothing that will power a raging party but solid to where you get quality power to your A set or B set of speakers . Highly recommend for those of you who need to power a simple set of speakers .
 The amplifier is a simple one that does the job for what was intended to be used . A secondary or second room amplifier.Lacks power but works without distortion at maximum volume settings.You can not get any other product for such a low value.External quality is also outstanding . Good finish and appearance .
 I wanted an amp to play MP-3 music , and this is perfect -- simple , easy to hook up , and good quality sound thru my fairly inexpensive speakers.No complaints .
 We connect our iTouch to this unit which powers four speakers in our showroom . It works perfectly . Easy to use since there are no unnecessarily complicated menus and sub-menus . And a great value to boot .
 I bought this amp to power my secondary zone for my outdoor Jamo speakers . It was easy to hook up as a secondary amp to my HK receiver and sounds awesome . The 50 watts/channel is more than enough juice that will sound great and not annoy the neighbors .
 I like this product . It 's low profile and a great value . I connected a radio and cd player to it . The radio should kick out automatically once the CD player starts . My only minor complaint is the radio does n't kick out until the sound output from the CD is high enough . I once played a CD that has a very quiet passage at the beginning , it did n't switch over until it got louder . If you are just looking for a great amp that you technically declined spouse or significant other ca n't comprehend , this is the amp for you . The auto power feature on is great . The sound is very clean and faithful . I do wish it had a subwoofer out . That would make it perfect for me .
 AudioSource AMP-100 Modification to Prevent `` Clicking `` I have had an AudioSource AMP-100 amplifier for a couple of years and really like it . At this age , I no longer have a golden ear and ca n't testify that the audio is wonderful , but it is good enough for my 70 '' Sharp TV , Apple Airplay , and Garage Band use . In addition , it is really well built and uses good components ; It is a very conservative design both electrically and mechanically . The issue with this low-cost amplifier has been the `` clicking '' that comes from a relay that transfers audio input priority . I have searched for a schematic diagram for years and AudioSource has not provided one and I do n't blame them ; Nothing good could happen by releasing documentation that allows users to modify the amplifier.Today , I could n't stand it any longer and decided to modify the amplifier . I traced out the circuit - you do n't need a schematic , you do n't have to take off any wires , but you have to solder two connections . The modification will take about 30 minutes and you assume all risk . Here is my suggestion for work-flow
 This amp powers the sound system in the aerobic workout room at the Community Center . It has clear sound and runs 18 hours a day without flaw . For the price , you ca n't beat it ! Amazon had the lowest price on the internet . Thanks Amazon !
 I 've been using this amp for a nearly a month now -LRB- for an audio-only system -RRB- , and I 'm more than thoroughly delighted . The sound is not just crystal clear and clean , but it has a warmth reminiscent of the old days of tube amps . -LRB- I realize that I 'm dating myself there . -RRB- It almost succeeds in making CDs sound like well-recorded and well-pressed vinyl . It 's a real delight to the ears . There is one caveat about how to hook it up -LRB- and I thank previous reviewers for alerting me to this -RRB- . If you use it primarily for audio , be sure to use input 2 . Input 1 is signal-activated , and that can cause problems with audio-only uses . With that one caveat in mind , though , this is a wonderful , quiet , rich-sounding amp . If you 're building a pure component system , build it around this amp . It 's a gem .
 A couple of years ago I was looking for a stereo amp to power 8 sets of ceiling speakers in my home . I had already installed impedance matching volume controls so I was not overly concerned about the amp getting dragged down with a 2 ohm or similar load . My choices narrowed down to an Onkyo M-282 or the Audiosource Amp 100 . The Onkyo put out 100 watts per channel and the Audiosource did 50 watts at 8 ohms . Nod to the OnkyoThe Onkyo had an Amplfier Protection Circuit and the Audiosource had a fuse . We will come back to this point.The Onkyo was $ 200 and the Audiosource was about $ 90 at the time . Nod goes to the Onkyo because it just had to be better at the price difference.Last week , after just over 2 years , the Onkyo rolled over and quit . After way too much time on the phone at Onkyo Customer support , it became clear to me that there was no repair route that would be less than the cost of a new Onkyo ; the culprit was the `` Amplifier Portection Circuit '' . Since the Onkyo was now a doorstop , I decided to try the Audiosource 100 and since they were 50 watts at 8 ohms or 160 watts bridged , I bought two from Amazon . They got here in 4 days and I took one out and inserted in into the system . It is now playing all 16 speakers at a level of sound volume and quality that is way beyond what the Onkyo did at 3X the price.Did I mention that I set one of the amps up in 50 watt stereo mode ? There is no need to use both amps in mono mode . The sound is very impressive.Onkyo is dead to me and Audiosource has a new and happy customer . I only wish I had taken the chance before blowing good $ $ $ on the Onkyo M-282 .
 This amp is great -LRB- I have 2 of them , 1 for the right/left stereo signals and the other one just for my center channel -RRB- but there is one thing that you HAVE to know before you setup this device.If you are only plugging in 1 device , plug it in source 2 . It makes very little sense , but I almost threw these things out the window.See , they are auto-sensing , so they default to source 2 and will always amplify what is on source 2 , BUT if there is a signal on source 1 -LRB- not just a low level but a few db -RRB- you will hear a definite ` click ' as it moves to source 1 . If your music or content plugged into source 1 all of a sudden gets quiet , you will hear another ` click ' as it moves back to source 2 . I made the HUGE mistake of plugging my equipment into source 1 and got all worked up that my equipment was cutting out when I would watch quiet scenes in the movies.All I can say is
 The $ 100.00 dollar Audio Source Amp 100 took its place in my music room and was integrated into my $ 20,000 McIntosh system to provide some center channel sweetness by driving a pair of Focal SIB .5 's . So far , it is performing in a most satisfactory manner and is doing exactly what I purchased it to do . I also use it alone with the Focals when recording albums and cassettes to CD , when I do not need to use my McIntosh amp and Phase Technology 10.5 Phase Coherent speakers . It does not run hot even when being pushed , and has shown no signs of clipping at moderately high volume levels . If it is hooked up correctly and manufacturer reccomendations are followed , I see no reason for problems some other reviewers encountered .
 I bought this power amplifier for my desktop computer to play a small pair of external speakers -LRB- B&W M-1 's -RRB- . It sounds great and has been working flawlessly for several weeks . It easily connects to the computer 's stereo 1/8 '' analog audio jack -LRB- either headphone jack or line-out jack -RRB- . Besides the attractive price it has a very nice power savings feature whereby it turns `` off '' and `` on '' by itself . Specifically , the power amplifier automatically goes into standby -LRB- i.e. very low power mode -RRB- after 10 minutes of not having detected any signal from the audio source -LRB- i.e. the computer -RRB- . And it automatically turns `` on '' instantly when it detects an audio signal . So , basically you do not have to remember to turn this power amplifier `` off '' or `` on '' . Note
 Great amp . Small , so it fits into a tight location with plenty of power to drive my two bookshelf speakers . Read all those reviews about the power being late to come on but I have n't had that problem . As far as I 'm concerned this is a great feature . It saves power and I never have to turn the amp on and off - it does that itself . It comes on before the picture on my 40 inch Sony Bravia HDTV so I do n't miss a thing . If you 're looking for a small amplifier for a good price , I do n't think you can beat this little jewel .
 Amp works well . The amp is used to power rear channel speakers . The sound is clean , perhaps a little muted . I would have liked to have the option of turning on the amp with a switch rather than just the auto on .
 i purchased a new big screen samsung and wanted to place two external speakers around the living room for added audio effect-the unit has been great for it 's intended purpose and the lower price for this unit is well appreciated .
 This is an amazing deal , especially through Amazon.Good enough to consider even if you 're an audio snob -LRB- I sort of am -RRB- . Do n't let the 50 watt rating fool you . It sounds good , pushes enough current to deal with marginally difficult speakers , is bridgeable , and even has some neat features like auto-selecting inputs and preamp pass-through . As I write this , I 'm talking myself into buying another one ... that I do n't even need!Good amp , great deal .
 I think the product is great for a simple power amp . It is no frill , no thrills but does exactly what it is advertised to do .
 The Amp-100 is a very good amplifier for the price . It is very easy to setup and use . It has good sound quality also . We connected four Dayton Audio 2-way speakers to the amplifier behind a Behringer mixer . The sound quality was excellent !
 Used in the home office with two inputs , one from a DVD/CD desktop player and another from my computer SoundBlaster card , through to two Sony speakers . No B speakers hooked up . The performance is excellent and the line sensing feature works perfectly . The system turns the green power light to red -LRB- same as the line A regular color -RRB- when there is no line feed of sound . The only time this has not worked well was on just one YouTube video I was watching where the sound was very weak and the amp kept sensing it should shut down . Other than that one time , with the DVD/CD desktop and the sound card feeds , it works really good . Fry 's Electronics was $ 149 for this , and when I got it on Amazon it was $ 84.99 plus free shipping . I recommend this if you want a nice amp for your computer or a remote amp for some back room house speakers .2012 Update
 I bought this amp for use as a power amp for my main system as my carver receiver amp section went bad.So i am using this with my carver as a pre amp.And i can honesty say that i enjoy the sound of this better than my carver when it was working right.This little amp will stand toe to toe with amps costing thousands more.With that said i bought another one and have them biamped with my paradigm studio refernce 60 speakers.For a about 170.00 total cost of these you ca n't go wrong.I 've been into audio for a while now and for the price these little babies ca n't be beat .
 Bought it to power some outdoor speakers , instead of fiddling around with B output on existing receiver . It 's nice and simple , no myriad of buttons - an on/off switch , balance , and volume - quite refreshing . The only thing I 'd improve is that the speaker outputs are a little fiddly , but other than that , pleased with purchase .
 I hooked this unit up to the audio output of my hdtv and then with stereo wires to my Bose 201 speakers and it works great . I am using the Bose speakers as rear speakers and the hdtv speakers for the front to get pretty good surround sound . Of course , I need to manually adjust the volume of the amp for the rear speakers , but once set , its good to go for an entire movie .
 Good product so far - I 'm not sure how I missed the fact that you need to have an audio RCA cable , but it was clear as day when I got it out of the box . With that little fiasco figured out , I 've been completely happy with it . Thanks !
 Works well , as advertised ... pretty basic unit.Remember to use input # 2 for one component.Powers bookshelf speakers well - sufficient to turn volume up to 1/4 .
 Purchased the AudioSource Amp-100 Stereo Power Amplifier as a replacement for my amplifier in my hot tub room . A replacement would have been over $ 1000 from the hot tub company but this amp does the job great for under $ 100 . I 'm driving two speakers and even with my hot tub running I can hear my playlist from my ipod or I can hear my TV . I would recommend it for when you need something to `` do the job '' at a reasonable price .
 This amp does what it is supposed to do . Only thing I was n't aware of was that the AB speaker switches do n't allow output to go to both speakers at the same time . Maybe this was in the write up but if so I missed it .
 I am using this amplifier to power speakers in a training room . It gives good sound and is plenty loud enough for my needs .
 Really happy with it ! The first one came with a little defect and the customer service in matter of minutes helped me ship and receive the new one . Since , I did n't have any issues and enjoyed the music . Thanks
 The purchase of the amplifier was superlative from start to finish . The description fully covered the item , the Amazon web page easily facilitated the purchase , and shipment was just plain fast . I received the item sooner than expected , the item was securely packaged , and works like a charm . I am very pleased with every part of this transaction
 This is a great product saddled with unclear instructions.The single biggest thing to note about this amp is : Input 1 is signal sensing . If you connect a source in this input that has quiet passages -LRB- like classical music -RRB- , it will turn itself on and off resulting in an audible `` click '' . This was made so it can turn itself on when it senses a signal is completely normal . So , if you plan on using it as an amp , you have one `` always on '' input . Other than that , it 's a nice sounding amp for not a lot of money .
 Works well and does what I wanted . At very low volumes it does produce a `` click '' as if a power source or relay is clicking in and out . At more than 25 % volume this does not occur . Currently , I am looking into this but it is really not a big problem .
 I found this solution ... from makers web site . ----------------------------------------- My amplifier makes a clicking sound inside when the audio program is at a low level . The audio also cuts in and out . What is causing this?If you are using the Line 1 inputs on the amp and there is only one source connected , remove the RCA cables from the Line 1 inputs and connect to the Line 2 inputs . Line 2 is the primary input for continuous use audio program . ----------------------------------------- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This Amplifier is a great product for my application which I have it running my rear surround speakers -LRB- 4 -RRB- 2-KL & B ; 's and 2-Kenwood 's for my theater room . I read all the reviews prior to purchasing and went ahead and took a chance . Glad I did , I followed the directions that came with it , and understood the do 's and dont 's associated with hook-up . This amplifier works well with my Denon surround system , the movies sound great and the music CD 's are awesome . I can see where this amp . would not do for some applications , but keep it with-in it 's limits and it will work well . Great product for the money . . KJC .
 i was able to get the product very quickly and install was a breeze could n't have asked for it to go any other way .
 I use this amp to power speakers in a second room , on my patio , and pass the source on to a third room where I have powered computer speakers . I had been using a used receiver for this purpose , but the receiver would n't go into a power-saving mode , and if I switched it off through a switched outlet on my primary receiver , it would lose all its settings.I read the reviews here , and I was concerned about the reports of power-saving being overly obnoxious . The manufacturer seems to have solved the problems with the power-save mode . My amp -LRB- purchased September 2010 -RRB- comes out of power save the moment my primary receiver turns on , regardless of whether I 'm pushing music through the line . For example , if my primary receiver is set to CD , but there is no CD playing , the secondary amp -LRB- this unit -RRB- is not in power save . It is ready to push music to my secondary zones . And when I 'm done listening , and turn off the primary receiver , this amp stays powered on for several minutes afterward.Music quality is good enough for my secondary rooms and patio . I 'm no audiophile , but it sounds perfectly acceptable to my layman 's ears . And contrary to what others have reported , there is no popping in and out as the amp changes power modes . Quiet sections are quiet . Loud sections are loud.For those interested , I measured the power consumption of this unit with my Kill-a-watt meter . In power-save mode , it draws 4 watts . In power-on mode , but not driving anything -LRB- speakers all the way down , or no source music -RRB- is draws 10 watts . At `` a little bit loud for my home '' levels driving a pair of bookshelf-style , inexpensive speakers and patio speakers , it draws about 40 watts , depending on the music.My only nit to pick is with the speaker selection buttons -- to drive both A and B speakers , you have to push both buttons in simultaneously . If you just push one button , it pops the other button out . This is a minor annoyance since now that I 've got it set up , I 'll likely never touch those buttons again .
 I needed an amp to run 2 pairs of outside speakers from Earthquake . I read the reviews and the manual , which was most important . I was looking for something inexpensive that works well and I found it . The volume knob is convenient , but it 's good to have outside volume controls when running 2 pairs to 2 different locations . I 'll probably buy the same amp again next summer season to double up on the wattage .
 Powers two sets of polk speakers , one for the patio and one for the garage . A line off my sound card to the amp I can play everything I want off my computer . LOVE IT
 I have a set of floor speakers connected to my computer . Previously , I was using a hand-me-down receiver to amplify the signal coming from my sound card . It was big , hot and had all sorts of inputs and modes and whatnot that were totally unnecessary to my setup and just confused my girlfriend . Now , I 've just got a volume knob and a balance knob . Perfect !
 Replaced an overpriced Harman Kardon AV receiver with this amp for my media center computer 's audio system . Works great , looks good , priced right - what more could you ask for . Integrated remote would have been nice but for this price I can walk over and turn it on .
 Really good value for the money compared to anything else I 've looked at . It 's a well-built basic stereo amplifier . The only controls it has are volume and balance . You can connect two sets of speakers , which is useful for me -- I use it in the bedroom and bathroom , so I can choose whether I want to have sound in either room or both . I highly recommend it if you want a decent amplifier on a budget .
 I purchased this amp to use in the bi-amped mode for my center channel speaker . The level control allows for fine tuning of the volume level . One slight thing to note was the ambiguous listing for the bridged mono power output
 I use this to push my outdoor and upstairs speakers that have a higher -LRB- needs more power -RRB- sensitivity than my living room and dining room speakers . I take the tape out feed from my main receiver and plug it into the inputs of the Amp 100 . The quality is amazing for the price ; this thing is solid ! I do n't know if it is audiophile sound but I am not using it for that purpose and not pushing audiophile quality speakers with it . The product is absolutely perfect for what I am using it for . I highly recommend it to augment a whole house music system .
 Amplifier is well-matched to my bookshelf speakers and produces a clear , clean , highly-detailed sound .
 I bought this item not long ago . It fills the bill nicely for what I wanted . It is a basic audio power amplifier . It is soundly made , low noise , reasonably powerful and nice looking . I use it for my home entertainment center as my main stereo amp . I drive it through a preamplifier to control volume and frequency equalization as the amp has none of that , only volume and balance . my house is small , but the room is fairly open . We listen to music and we use it to channel the sound from our movie collection . It gives more than adequate volume through a couple of Sony 40 watt speakers , leaving plenty of headroom . I do not believe in blowing my ears out , but sometimes I like a little elevation for certain things and this system has it , especially coupled with a powered subwoofer . I 've had no problems , no annoying quirks , just sound performance . I recommend it for home applications . Some may have mentioned it running hot , I have not found that to be so , but they may run much higher average levels to drive larger speakers or fill a much larger space . Mine runs just a little warm .
 This is a great little amp which gets plenty loud , the sound is clean , I have no complaints and at this point may get another .
 We have speakers wired throughout the family area of our house , but it was a hassle to use a regular tuner that needed to be turned on and off . We had a Squeezebox and tuner before , and it was cumbersome to hook up the receiver.Now , we have this hooked up to the squeezebox , so whenever there is signal , our speakers are lit up , and whenever there is no signal , the AMP-100 turns off.It 's beautiful , works perfectly and has just the right feature set for what we needed .
 Bought this amp for my personal training studio . I needed it for 2 sets of speakers . Very pleased with it . I am able to get the quality sound along with additional power . Great mix with polk atriums
 The amplifier works perfectly and is certainly well worth the price . This is the second one I have bought and the unit is a real bargain .
 Using as the amp for surround back channels , sounds good , running cool . Would suggest this for anyone needing auxiliary amp .
 MAKE SURE YOU ASSIGN THE ADDITIONAL SPEAKERS TO 2ND INPUT . With that in mind , this works perfectly for my uses .
 it works great , it really does what it says its going to do . just get it if you want great sound .
 I needed a small decent amp to power my infinity primus 150s and this does the job just fine . Only issue as others have mentioned is the finicky auto-input function which I just do n't use .
 I bought this amp to work with the Bose outdoor planter style speakers . It works perfect . Have it hooked to a Sonos system and I use the auto on feature . Great purchase for the money
 I purchased 2 of these Audiosource 100 amps just over 2 years ago for my restaurant , they have been fantastic . I run them 12-14 hours a day as background music and 2-3 hours a day very loud after hours . My crew has used and abused these amps , cranking the music after hours while cleaning and prepping . They are paired with 8 high quality Polk Audio in wall speakers and sub woofer and a Gemini PA7000 mixer , it fills the whole restaurant with great sound . They get a little hot when the music is cranked up but I 'm so impressed with the way they have held up . I 'm considering expanding my space and will need to add one or two more amps , these will be my choice without hesitation . Sound quality is great and they are super easy to use and set up . I stream music from Pandora mostly , with my crew plugging in their i-phones occasionally as well . Highly recommended !
 The exterior box was damaged when I received the product , but the interior box that was the manufacturers packaging was fine . No dings or scratches and everything works perfectly . The setup with the screw top connectors was a little confusing only because this was my first home theatre setup . After running my own cables my JVC floor speakers are putting out excellent sound that goes as loud as I want it .
 Did everything that was expected . ery simple to insall land get workng . Boosted the transfer of sound to another room perfectly
 This amp plays crisp and clear , but i was a little disappointed in the power . I should have known better 50wpc . Still sounds great . I 'll just turn it up a litle higher .
 I have this amp installed under a covered patio . It performs great . It drives 2 klipsh speakers with no distortion even at max volume .
 Drives my center channel on my 5.1 surround system in my office I have at home makes watching everything on the big monitors more enjoyable
 Needed this amp to run a set of outdoor speakers . The directions were concise and clear about the few features it has , including the line 1 vs. line 2 input/override which was a complaint early on it appears . I 'm running this amp with a set of relatively efficient speakers ~ 89db/40wrms and it has no problems providing the power to these speakers . I 've yet to really crank it up but will do that once everything breaks in a little bit.Would have given 4.5 our of 5 if I could because of the popping on shutdown -LRB- I just turn the volume knob all the way down first -RRB- .
 This amp works great as the center of my computer based system . The sound is incredibly clean and spacious.A few things to consider when using this amp : -LRB- 1 -RRB- By itself it is n't that powerful . The speakers I am using are not that efficient , 87db . Thus the system is not that loud . This is just fine for me , but I use this for near field listening , and I am more concerned with music sounding full at low volume - which this system does beautifully . If I plug the analog ouput of my digital audio converter into a preamp - I have used a Little Dot tube amp for this - the amplified signal into the Amp 100 is enough that the amp , even into inefficient speakers is very loud . If you need a loud volume you do n't have to get efficient speakers just use some kind of active preamp . However , I do n't need it that loud , and I felt that the preamped signal lost a smidgen off the highs and added a bit of noise . I prefer it straight from the digital audio converter .2 . If you use the lineout to run to a subwoofer , the subwoofer will only work from Input 2 . Similarly , the amp has a switch that detects what is plugged into one and two . You wo n't have any problem with the switching if you use only input two , and if you are only using one source you should use input two .3 . I do n't need or want tone controls - my computer through which my sound is routed has the capability to equalize the sound if I want .4 . The small size of this amp makes it great for a desktop .5 . If you use a subwoofer , the output line is a pure lineout signal . Hence it is also not controlled by the volume knob . If you are not controlling volume with a preamp , the volume of the subwoofer will be fixed . Warning , if you use an active subwoofer , you need to put an attenuator in the line between the output and the subwoofer . Otherwise it will be really loud . I bought someone 's homemade passive preamp , which is really just a stepped attenuator , off of Ebay and put it between the amp and the subwoofer . This both enables attenuation of the overly powerful signal and volume control - although I do a lot of the volume control from the digital audio converter so both will change at once .5 . A simple A/B switch will enable you to put in two inputs and share the lineout - I got a used one for $ 15.6 . I had a much more expensive NAD receiver with the preamp disabled that I was using before I got this amp . It was more powerful . However , it took up way too much space . The output from this Amp 100 is much cleaner ; there is more `` space '' in the music , and the highs are clearer . The detail with my PSB Alpa LR 1 speakers is awesome . This makes for an amazing -LRB- and cheap -RRB- near field listening setup .7 . The DAC -LRB- digital audio converter -RRB- I am using is an EMU 0404 USB which I highly recommend . It gives a number of options for control and the signal out of the computer is incredibly clean .
 I was looking for medium-budget whole-house audio system . Finding the right receiver at the right price was pretty easy . Using a speaker selector to split the audio to multiple rooms is an affordable option , but speaker impedance matching can be a problem and you need lots of power from the receiver if you want all rooms on at the same time . A power amp is a better solution , but the multi-room amps I found were over $ 1000 . The AudioSource Amp 100 is a great compromise solution - even power distribution to all rooms , good sound quality , and enough power for enjoyable listening . I 'm sure the $ 1000 + amps sound better and can drive more power , but the Amp 100 has what I need.Some of the older review complain about the amp switching off too quickly when losing the audio source . I definitely do n't have this problem - the amps shut off after about 5 minutes of no audio signal.The one surprise I got when I received the amp was the volume selector . From the pictures I saw -LRB- with two knobs on the front of the unit -RRB- , I assumed the two channels had separate volume controls . In fact , one knob is volume for both channels and the other knob is balance . Not a big problem , just not what I expected .
 6 pairs of Theater Solution in-ceiling HD speakers throughout the house and patio , hooked up to 4 Apple Airport Express -LRB- s -RRB- and 4 of these powerful AudioSource Amp-100 -LRB- s -RRB- , all controlled by our iPads and iPhones . What you have now is an awesome , powerful , clean , crisp wireless multiple-zone household media system that will impress even the novas of audio geeks . No joke ! These amps are inexpensive , sleek and simple yet have the clean crisp sound of the big boys . Add the energy saving auto-on feature and you ca n't go wrong now . Can you tell I 'm happy with my system ? You will too !
 Like the review before let me start by saying this is not an integrated amp and if you know what you are looking at here , a strait up class d , no frills amplifier then this is a 5 star review all day long.Since the update to iOS firmwares I have been using AirPlay more and more via my airport expresses and ATV2 . I bought this amp to replace an old 8 channel amp -LRB- with only 2 good channels -RRB- for powering my outdoor rock speakers from an Airport . While shopping around i felt the price was right for the Amp-100 and the features were exactly what I needed . If you are looking at other amps at this price point , please note the `` sense '' feature . . This means that the amp can determine when there is signal being sent to it and turn off/on accordingly , giving you the piece of mind that power is not being drawn unecisaraly . It may even save you a little money in your electric bill . It 's class D afterall.To make a long story short , I highly recommend this amp as a satellite amp for devices without the means of powering speakers . -LRB- i.e. Sonos ZP90s , AirPort expresses -RRB- I will also say that I work for an AV company and even at cost , I could n't find a product that offered the same specs at this price . Total hands down bargain . . Buy one . .
 My Experience with this product has been fantastic , powerful , clean and smooth listening with a soft touch to the ear . Powerful when you want it and smooth and comfortable when you want to unwind your day . For those of you who thought audiophile quality was out of your reach . This is no longer true , with Klipsch speakers -LRB- k1 -RRB- synergy and audio source pre-amp 1A . In this system you 've got a superb AudioSource Amp 100 based system . That will rival systems costing many times more than this fantastic system . Let your ears and your heart be the judge of this wonderful sounding system . Thanks Amazon.com for the information and the great customer service . from Gary Bump and family
 The directions for installation were very sparse and it took some time and a few mistakes to set up , even though the final setup is quite simple . But once it was up and running , it worked excellently .
 I wanted a simple amplifier to connect two PCs to my Polk 30s in my office.Low hiss . Very clean sound.I do have to turn the volume near max to drive the Polks well -LRB- sufficient bass response and midrange -RRB- , but this does not seem to impact the sound quality so it 's fine - I might go with the 75 watt/channel model or get higher sensitivity speakers for another room , though.Great build quality - nicely understated and -LRB- this is a pet peeve -RRB- it does NOT use overly bright LED lights .
 I used this amplifier to power a bathroom speaker in conjunction with a Logitech Squeezebox . The fact that it auto-senses the input an turns itself on/off means that I can set it -LRB- the Squeezebox -- to play and then sleep -RRB- and forget it -LRB- since the amplifier turns itself off when the Squeezebox turns itself off -RRB- . For this purpose , it is perfect and offers just the right combination of capability . It is small and fits on a shelf easily , and offers an unswitched power socket into which I can plug the Squeezebox , meaning I only need to use one outlet for the whole setup . 5 stars for all of this.But , be realistic about what you expect from it . As an experiment , I tried using it as a drop-in substitute for a relatively modest 2-channel receiver -LRB- Sony STR-DE197 -RRB- , which is a 100W/channel amplifier powering a pair of Paradigm Titan bookshelf speakers -LRB- the AMP100 is 50W/channel -RRB- in my living room . Had I not had anything to compare it to , it would have been just fine . But there was some kick missing from the sound when compared to the more powerful receiver.The AMP100 would probably be great for something like a bedroom sound system where someone might normally put a mini or micro-system . Paired with a good set of small speakers and something like an iPod dock , a Squeezebox , or a DVD player -LRB- for playing CDs -RRB- , it 'd probably be ideal . The auto-off makes integration easy for something like this.Note , too , that the bridging feature allows you to send a stereo input to a speaker with only one set of inputs . I did n't use this in my bathroom configuration because I had a single speaker with two sets of inputs , but these are not that easy to find.AudioSource makes more powerful amplifiers that would probably work in a larger room needing more power . There is nothing wrong with the sound quality of this amplifier -- it is as good as any typical consumer receiver -- but it does n't have enough kick for larger spaces and that 's not really a fault of the product.So , if you have realistic expectations it is a good product . If you need something small , do n't need a lot of power , and have an application where auto-off is of value , you 'll probably find it worthy of 5 stars yourself .
 A friend of mine installed outdoor speakers and wanted to power them from his older Denon AVR 2700 Receiver . The problem is the Denon does n't have multi-zone nor does it have a speaker A/B selector so there would be no way to independantly control the back yard speakers or even turn them off while operating the system inside.I 've owned AudioSource products in the past ; one Dolby Surround Sound processor and an Equalizer . Each had their quirks but was sufficient for what I was doing . Each was always good enough once you got over some minor weirdness.This amplifier showed up in perfect condition . We connected the Tape Out from the Denon to Input 2 on the AudioSource amplifier . Every component in his system with an analog L/R RCA connection to the Denon feeds through to this amplifier . It worked perfectly.We also tested connecting his iPod to the other input so he could listen to music independantly outside , reagardless of what is playing inside . Again , it worked perfectly . A second or two after the AudioSource detected the iPod signal , it switched over . - The big thing what would elliminate a few negative reviews here , and something I almost missed but it is clearly stated in the owners manual ; connect your primary input -LRB- like the Denon receiver in this case -RRB- to INPUT 2 - NOT INPUT 1 . I know , this is counter-intuitive and easy to miss.Input 2 is the primary input and is the one that is always on . Input 1 is the source that will override the other when it senses a signal . If you are connecting only one device , use INPUT 2 . It will not be subject to the line sensing or switching.As for the longevity of the product , we 'll see . But for the money , in order to serve a particular purpose , this is a simply , cost-effective , versatile product .
 The AudioSource AMP 100 2-Channel Power Amp works just as I hoped it would . I was not satisfied with the sound volume on my new Sharp LCD flat panel television . I figured that this amp would be just the ticket . I hooked the amplifier up to the external audio out jacks from the TV . I set the TV speakers to mute . I am running a pair of high quality Sony speaker with the AudioSource Amp . The television has the capability to control the amplitude of the output signal with the volume control on the TV remote so the new amp works great with this setup . The AudioSource amp turns off within about five minutes after the television turns off . It really works seamlessly with the TV set . I am very happy with this purchase !!
 This is a fine item with no flaws whatsoever . It has been received as represented by the seller and is in new condition . My only problem has been with its description in the online presentationwhich needed a more thorough exposition , The failure with this item has been all mine due to mytoo cursury search of its attributes . This seller is blameless here , and performed his role admirably and excellently.Respectfully , Courtenay J. Walker
 Amplifier works well for a single audio source . This unit has an auto on feature that responds to the presence of an audio signal at the input .
 Great AMP for the speakers in my garage and Lanai ... Sounds great and easy to useSimple is good ... plus the price is right !
 Good overall amplifier . Sounds much better than I expected for the price.Can play quite loudly .
 I am using this amp to control a set of speakers in a different room from my receiver . It synchs well with my Harmony remote and so far I have not had any problems or unpleasant surprises . It 's a plain vanilla component with few bells and whistles and so far does what it does well.I noticied the Amazon price has fluctuated over time so be mindful of that .
 I used this amp to power a pair of Anthony Gallo Micro Ti speakers , used the powered Gallo Sub . This amp is perfect for the hidden installation , and the primary connection is to an iPod doc with sVideo to the HDTV to view the choices on the iPod , and to make playlists with out connecting back up to the PC . The second input to the amp , the one that takes over when powered up and providing a signal is connected to a universal disc player , for stereo playback of cd 's , and DVD audio . The AMP is quite small , and fits in the corner shaped cabinet that had a very limited depth issue for the electronics components .
 Great amp for a great price . Clean , didtortion free sound at all volume levels . i just ordered another one because i was so pleased
 Bought this as a amplifier for second zone use coming from my Sony ES receiver . Works perfect ! I like the auto on feature when the Amp 100 receives a signal it turns on and when the signal is cut it turns off .
 This item performed better than expected and with upgraded speakers it was perfect . It performed as well as or better than many more expensive receivers
 I wanted to find an amplifier without all the bells and whistles such as a tuner , equalizer , etc. . I shopped at stores locally . Radio Shack , Best Buy , Wal-Mart , K-Mart . Every store only had full-featured receivers . And , these receivers were all HUGE ! I have a small TV stand in which to place an amplifier , DVD/CD/MP3 player , and a VCR . So , my amplifier had to be as small as possible , and Audiosource was the most compact unit I could find.I had called tech support with a question about hooking up to my system . Someone answered immediately and directed me to a tech person , who was very knowledgeable and friendly , in addition to speaking clear English!After hooking up the system , I found that the CD that I put in was very clear sounding , almost sounding live . I could not believe my ears , since I have never heard an amplifier with such amazing sound . I had Sony Bookshelf speakers hooked up to the unit , max . input wattage was 120W on the speakers.I will definitely purchase audio components from Audiosource in the future . They have won over a new customer .
 I bought this item to use as a reciever to go with my XM satellite in a small retail space . It works exactly as I needed it to
 Many reviews focused on auto input switch too much that readers might ignore in which grade this product will belong to.I want to claim this belongs to $ 500 range product.Marantz PM5004 , Onkyo A-5VL to name a few . Now those big brand names do n't include a toroidal transformer in those entry product design , but this one does at under $ 100 ! To be honest , I am not a snob audiophile but I hear better sound then I know it . Audiosource amp-100 produces at least clearer sound than Marantz PM5004 . If you do n't mind the small form factor and minimized user interface -LRB- no tone control , no input selector , nothing fancy -RRB- , go for it for the sound quality . Hook it up to a decent bookshelf such as Energy RC10 then you are all set to enjoy your music from any kind of source except Vinyl .
 I was a bit concerned about the quality of these amps when I purchased them because of the inexpensive price , but now that I have been using them daily for a few months I can say that I am pleasantly surprised with how they sound and operate.The amps are in a closed cabinet , and they stay reasonably cool . I have a Sonos Connect running through them to some in-ceiling speakers.When I first connected it all together , it sounded terrible - very much like an AM radio . I checked to be certain that the positive side of each speaker was connected to the positive terminals on the amps , and sure enough everything was correct . Thinking there was something wrong with the amps , I called AudioSource . I had a technician on the phone in 30 seconds , and he was very helpful , knowledgable and polite . Five minutes later everything was working . Turns out the speaker manufacturer had mis-marked the positive and negative terminals on all the speakers , and it was making the system sound terrible . Once this was resolved it sounded great.These amps are n't incredibly powerful , but they do get the job done . I have them in my office , and we crank the music a little when the office is closed to the public . If you want to get more out of these amps -LRB- or any amp for that matter -RRB- , you should consider getting speakers that have a higher sensitivity rating . It surprises me that so many people overlook this rating , given that every 3db of sensitivity you gain with your speakers typically doubles the volume of the speakers with the same amp.I would recommend this amp for offices and inexpensive distributed home systems , but in my opinion it 's not going to satisfy most people when used in any sort of home theatre situation.As a side note , in my findings these amplifiers consume 3 watts each while on standby , and typically use around 16 watts when playing music at 60 % volume .
 This will be a quick review , frankly because as soon as I switched over from my Technics SA-100 I knew I 'd made a good investment . The amp was the only device I switched in my setup . Yea , it 's clich&eacute; , but I honestly could not believe my ears . I thought something might be wrong -LRB- or terribly right ? -RRB- . At first I thought everything sounded flatter , but after a few seconds I realized it sounded that way because the AudioSource amp was more accurate and even across the entire spectrum . If you 're looking for a punchy amp , do n't buy this . This amp has superb dynamics which really brings the music alive ; and it 's across the entire frequency range . I was immediately pleased with my purchase and went through listening to a bunch of my favorite tracks to hear the difference this amp made . Now I 'm left wondering , should I invest in a decent preamp too ?
 Seems to be very well made . the auto turn on is a great feature .
 A quality product at a good price . I wish the A/B switch would turn on both sets of speakers instead of either/or -- if so , I would have given it five stars .
 I do n't know much about electronics so I bought what I was told by my installer . He installed it and it works perfectly . So , I guess it is doing what it is supposed to do .
 I have a whole-house sound entertainment system , which includes a pair of speakers in the dining room , a pair of speakers in the living room , and a pair of speakers in the bedroom . I have a AirportExpress connected directly to this unit , and it has no problem powering all six pairs of in-ceiling speakers . In fact , this unit is so powerful , I can not turn the volume up beyond the midpoint because I fear that my windows will break . An excellent product for the price.Note
 A great little amp . I use it to power the center channel speaker for my seven plus one home theater sound system . Once you set your profile preferences , leave it alone ; no knob twiddling . Unfortunately , I bought the last one the store had of this particular model and had to go up to the next power level for my other speaker pairs . This model amp would have been fine for my other speaker pairs which are Cerwin Vega 2way bookshelf enclosures with six and one half inch woofers ; only if they had been available .
 The Amp 100 provides good amplification and is extremely simple to operate , it took me two minutes to plug everything in and get started . I would have liked bass and treble control knobs but you can regulate that from the source anyway.NOTE
 So easy to hook up to our old bose speakers and a monster cable connection to our ipod . Our 25-year old amplifier gave out , and this works even better . It took a couple of senior citizens only 5 minutes to do .
 I am using the Amp 100 to power a pair of bookshelf speakers for PC audio . It serves very well in this capacity . Very clean audio . With nothing playing , I can crank the volume to maximum and hear no hiss , no hum , etc. . Not something I can say about most receivers or powered speakers I 've used.Power is more than sufficient for my use . While it would depend on the speakers , obviously , I rarely find a reason to use more than 1/3 -1 / 2 volume.Form factor is also useful for this application . I have it placed under my LCD monitor , so it has a minimal impact on my desk space . Construction is simple , but solid and attractive.Overall this unit give me exactly what I was looking for . Good , clean audio with a minimum of fuss.The one thing about the Amp 100 that I do n't particularly care for is the automatic source switching . As other reviewers -LRB- and the manual -RRB- note , this can be bypassed by simply using input 2 for a single source.I tried using input 1 initially , but did experience the amp cutting out during ambient noise in games and things like that . Input 2 works perfectly.As I 'm using this product with only a single source anyway , it does n't really affect my use . However , a three way toggle -LRB- Input 1/Input 2/Auto -RRB- would be preferable .
 I bought this unit to power an Energy 2.1 TV sound set up . I have a high-end reference system in my living room with top of the line NAD components driving Energy 22.2 speakers , and Straightwire cables and interconnects . The amp 100 which costs 10 % of the NAD amp is as clean , but not as transparent or as warm , but for under $ 100 it is great . All the bad reviews about the auto switching are bogus , it is stated in the manual to use the 2d input if you have only one device . I have the digital cable box connected to a DVD player which then is connected to the input 2 of the amp , with an internet radio connected to input 1 . When I turn on the radio , the amp switched to input 1 perfectly and quickly . Anyhow , the auto switching was important to me , as is the AB speaker selection - I have the sub wired to output B . When I turn on the TV , the amp comes on , and the Energy sub which also has auto switching comes on . Later when I turn the TV off , all goes off too . I am very satisfied with the sound -LRB- of course , the Energy speakers help here -RRB- and that the amp performs exactly as I wanted re the switching .
 I bought this to replace an unreliable NAD amp that was beginning to drive me nuts . The NAD sounded great , when it was working properly . I just needed something really basic to plug a Vestax mixer and two Technics 1200 's into , as well as the occasional laptop . I 'm running this with a set of 15 year old Boston Acoustic speakers and it sounds great . Really impressed for the price . Would reccomend this to anyone needing a solid amp at a great price .
 This amp is powering some remote speakers , where we wanted a seperate volume control . It 's cheap , works great . My only complaint is that , while you can hook up two pairs of speakers , it will only power one at a time ! This is not an issue for what we 're doing with it , but came as a minor surprise.Good product at a great price .
 Suprised by the performance.Quiet and dynamic ... tock the cover off ' it 's well built . Just a clean amp with a balance and volume control . The automatic -LRB- Can be defeated -RRB- swithing for the poweron and inputs can be annoying , but make sure the the input source has enough gain -LRB- output -RRB- and use the volume on the amp.Ipod needs to be at full volume for eample . a real deal !
 Simple yet functional . No unneeded bells and whistles . Great to connect on one end to a USB-DAC which is in turn plugged into your Mac or PC , and on the other end to external large speakers . The sound produced meets and beats any high-end sound card output .
 Based on the reviews I read here on Amazon , I felt confident that this was the no-frills , inexpensive amplifier I wanted to power my speakers . We use an older Mac Powerbook for internet radio and all music that we want to access is on my external hard drive ... this amp was easy to connect right out of the box and sounds like a million bucks . It has lots of power which easily fills up our fairly small home.Kudos to Amazon ... I ordered it last Sunday , went for the free shipping , and true to the confirmation email I received , it showed up 2 days later . For $ 90 , my prayers have been very answered ... i got an affordable amplifier that has no frills to fuss with and does the job .
 Nice , good solid amp . I use it as an inexpensive monitor amp for some parts express br1 monitor kit i built . I do some audio recording on an inexpensive computer I put together with linux . Fun , cheap , solid components and inexpensive software that will let ya get started recording on the cheap !
 I LOVE THIS AMPLIFIER ! hosted two parties with it!only 50x50 watts , but its nice and loud and it also doesnt even distort at the highest of volume levels . Once i was dj ` ing with it my friend 's house and someone left a slice of pizza on top of the vent covering . the thing probably reached around 180 degrees , it was too hot to touch . but it pulled through . i turned it off for a minute or two so it could cool down , then kept on going.Pros
 I 'm still loving this little stereo amplifier six months into owning it ! I have it setup in my home office / studio configured behind a 12 channel mixer powering a pair of Boston Acoustic CR8 8 Ohm bookshelf speakers that I bought back in 1999 . This is the perfect amp for this configuration since it sounds great and has exactly what I need , no more no less , making it a great inexpensive option . Also , since it automatically goes into standby mode when there is no signal from the mixer , it keeps energy consumption to a minimum and still turns on within a second or two once there is a signal without manual intervention . Essentially this is a setup and forget amp.If you are expecting a fully featured receiver with multiple inputs/outputs , tuner , etc , then you are not going to want this amplifier . It is made with a specific set of usage scenarios in mind and for those it executes beautifully . It is actually refreshing how simple to use it is .
 I was looking for a clean , simple amplifier to connect to a NAS -LRB- Synology DS110j -RRB- on our home network to deliver stored and steaming media to a remote set of speakers . I did not want to have to manually turn the power on or off as it is both a nuisance and easy to forget . This unit fits the bill perfectly ! The sound quality is very clean - much better than the lower end home theater receiver I was previously using . I 've not pushed the volume too dramatically , but it has more than enough power for general indoor use without any noticeable distortion . When the signal is off , there is no sound from the speakers -LRB- one reviewer mentioned a ` buzz ' , but I hear nothing but silence ! -RRB- . When a signal is present , the amp powers on within a second or two . The delay prior to auto off is adequate as I 've not had any music inadvertently cut off , and I listen to a wide range of music genres plus talk radio . And , while I am only using the A speaker connections now , having another set of connections for a second set of speakers is a nice future option . Overall I am very pleased with this unit . It is a recent purchase so I can not speak to it 's durability , but am hoping it lasts a long time .
 AudioSource makes high value products , period . I also own the Model ` AMP Two ' amplifer , with the twin lighted power meters , and it has been a mainstay in my office system for years now . It garnered rave reviews back in it 's time by several high end reviewers/magazines . The ` AMP 100 ' is a nice sounding stereo amplifier that sounds much more expensive than it 's ridiculously low pricetag . You can build a true high resolution high end sound system for critical listening around this amplifer , and it can drive 4 ohm speakers well . I have a pair of Magnepan MMG 's , a Little Dot MK3 tubed preamp , Sony CDP-375 , and this amplifer all working together in an under a thousand dollar system that would blow you away in resolution , detail , correct timbre , etc. . !
 My need was to drive extra speakers satellite in two different rooms . It works fine for that purpose but barely . Driving 2 pair of 8 '' 8 ohm ceiling speakers '' wired in parallel with impedance matching volume controls takes about all this amp can put out . Sounds fine and works ok but volume control is set close to max . Frustrating that it shuts down if signal level drops -LRB- between selections , etc -RRB- but instructions give the work around to prevent it . For the price it is a real bargain but if you need some power think about the next level up .
 We are using this amp in the hotel lobby ; connected to our Muzak . Only three stars for features because it 's not loud enough . Overall , I ca n't really complain , it does the job and it 's a pretty good $ 70 ~ investment .
 The amp is connected to my computer and drives a pair of NHT SuperZero 2.0 speakers . Sounds great . I 'll admit the price is n't too bad , but I still think a simple , quality , 50-100W amp can be sold for less . The lights and dials on this amp are n't too intrusive , but I do n't why see why they 're necessary . I 'd rather just have a plain face . But to wrap it up - this amp does what it says it does and sounds great !
 purchased for two reasons
 The amp seems targeted for commercial public address music with paging on the B inputs . I bought one for residential use to connect better external speakers to our TV . We could use the ducking feature to over ride the TV with another source , but have n't tried that yet . I did n't rate it highly for sound , not because it sounds bad at-all , but because I do n't have it connected to premium speakers or source material , so I ca n't vouch for audiophile magic . I plan to get more and use one for each zone of music distribution with local over ride . That can be lower in price that standard house-of-sound systems .
 I have bought two of these amps for myself and several for friends when I help them install their entertainment systems . A great product .
 I bought this amp to power my DIY home audio system . I installed it in the basement and it does a great job powering Polk ceiling speakers in my kitchen and bathroom.I really like auto-sensing feature which puts the amp into standby when the audio signal goes off . I 've got mine connected to a Squeezebox Duet so I 'm basically able to remote control the music and amp with the single remote.Awesome value for $ 85 .
 Purchased this amp to power my Boston Acoustics Grand Voyager outdoor speakers hooked up on a second zone set up . The AudioSource 100 gets the job done as long as you do n't make it strain too hard . Moderate to loud sounds pretty smooth , but anything over that gets the grunge going . Then again , those speakers cost 8X more then the amp does , so lesser speakers should be even better with it . Hey , what do you want for under $ 100 ? Plain black box and easy to set up , comes with two sets of speaker inputs and an A/B switch.Can ' t beat it for the price , highly recomended .
 This was purchased to drive several pairs of whole-house speakers . Works just like it should and has no problem powering 4 pairs of speakers . Now my regular amp does n't get near as hot as before . Not an audiophile amp , but a great product for the price .
 I have a 20 year old Kenwood receiver that only has inputs for two pairs of speakers . However , I wanted to hook up not only one pair of indoor speakers and one pair of outdoor speakers -LRB- patio -RRB- but also a new pair of outdoor speakers for a screened-in porch . As well I wanted to be able to use a single hook up to play my iPod on all sets of speakers . So I saw that this unit had not only an ability to power additional speakers but also an ability to do so in such a way that I could use this unit as an input to the Kenwood receiver . I simply wired the new speakers to the new AudioSource AMP-100 and used a basic RCA cable to connect the output line of the AMP to the Phono input of the receiver and presto it all works like a charm . This works exactly as I expected and I love having this product .
 This amplifier is great . Totally worth the money and deliver good sound for either an outdoor or indoor `` background '' enviroment . It may not be good enough for a sound-addict but it is certainly great for someone that doenst expect the sharpest sound on every occasion . It serves my needs fully as my outdoor amp and also as an amp to my living room -LRB- I use it to switch between my 2 sets of speakers -RRB- . The sound is very good . It doesnt take much knowledge to setup and it most certainly will last you a long time . It has a solid build . I would like to have another one that would let me play the same music -LRB- or different source -RRB- to both speaker sets at the same time . This unit will let you select either of the outputs.I recommend it . Unless you are really into audio -LRB- super freak audio lover like my brother in law -RRB- you will be very happy with this equipment . Btw , it is not pretty looking but it can be just another box under your tv . I hooked mine up to my computer so that I can play straight from my mp3 collection .
 I am very happy with my purchase . This amp is perfect for powering my rebuilt Epicure 10 's from the 70 's . It replaced an old Pioneer 35 watt receiver that was getting long in the tooth . Music from my Logitech SqueezeBox ReceiverSqueezebox Receiversounds fantastic .
 OK , this amp does what is says it will do . I use it to drive some speakers from my flat screen TV audio output . Some people are confused how this amp operates but the manual can be downloaded before you buy it so read it before you buy.Now , for some interesting information . There is no external ground on this amp so there is no ground on the electrical plug . I walked across the carpet , touched the amp , static electricity hit the the outside case , and smoked rolled out of the case . It fried the circuit board . Luckily it was still under warranty .
 I found this Amp to be a great value for my purposes , namely to power pre-amped outputs from either my computer , tape deck , or sythesizer-work station . As noted in previous reviews , you should know that the amp is basically designed as a booster amp for a distributed whole house system , not really intended as a primary amp . The signal is clean and adequately strong for good speakers . No tone controls or equalizer , basic raw signal from source . Some amplification and tonal control may be managed in the source equipment . I have a powered subwoofer feeding off the line out from input 2 -LRB- always on straight through no gain control from the AudioSource amp -RRB- therefore I have to adjust volume for the sub at either the source or at the subwoofer 's amplifier.The feature of input 1 turning itself on and off in response to finding signal present is annoying to me as noted by several others . Also the subwoofer does n't respond to input 1 only input 2 . I will have to add a pre-amp mixer/equalizer to overcome most of these objections.Overall , though , I am very pleased with the quality for the money . Good clean big sound -LRB- for smaller spaces -RRB- for smaller audiophile budgets . Choose carefully and wisely.Like many such products these days , it appears to have been carefully designed and specified in the USA but actually built in PRC . Good quality overall , nevertheless .
 I recently added speakers to my patio and quickly found my existing amp did n't have a 2nd set of outputs . This amp was perfect for the job and the 2nd input makes it easy to use an iPod or other alternate input device .
 AudioSource AMP-100 Stereo Power AmplifierThis amp powers a pair of medium two-way speakers for my home theater . Very good sound for the money . As others have noted , the line inputs are not terribly sensitive , and my Blue-ray player 's line outs put out barely enough ; I crank the amp 's volume control almost all the way up with most movies . No one has complained of insufficient volume . -LRB- Someone wrote that there is a line-in sensitivity adjustment or a max gain adjustment or the like , but I can not find it . -RRB- A preamp with a 3 - or 4-volt line out would solve this problem and add needed spectrum control , but at greatly increased cost . You can power either of two pairs of speaker connections but not both ; the spec sheet is a little vague on this point . I would n't upgrade from this amp before spending at least $ 2000 on speakers .
 It is not a replacement for hi-end amp by any means but it works as expected and works well . I use it with digital piano and sometimes connect mp3 player as well . I keep it on all the time and just let auto power feature do the magic . Amp wakes up right away as soon as my wife starts playing . I compared it with my NAD C 326BEE and three sets of different speakers . I can hear the difference and I liked NAD better . Not sure if I will be able to tell the difference in blind testing . Also AudioSource definitely sounds better than my old cheap yamaha receiver . In the end I am happy I got amp-100 instead of cheaper small amps that are on the market .
 A couple things you should keep in mind - I 'm using this as part of my computer speaker setup - and I 'm feeding it directly with my PC . I am not using a preamp.Works wonderfully in this configuration . No hiss , very low distortion all the way up to max volume . Very amazing volume.Hasn ' t caught on fire yet . I 'll update this review if it does .
 I recently decided to put some speakers on my deck and incorporate them into my existing Sonos setup . I picked up some nice Definitive Technology outdoor speakers and was trying decide whether to drive them with a Sonos Connect : Amp -LRB- ZP120 -RRB- or an un-amplified Sonos Connect -LRB- ZP90 -RRB- paired with an external amp . Given the price of the AMP-100 and that both amplifiers -LRB- AMP-100 and ZP120 -RRB- were rated at the same output , I decided to try the latter setup and I 'm glad I did . Not only did I save money , but I think the AMP-100 , being a dedicated amp , provides more oomph than the integrated Sonos amp in the ZP120 . This may be anecdotal , but I do have a Sonos ZP120 driving two built-in speakers in my kitchen , so I do have at least some basis of comparison.Regardless , the DT outdoor speakers sound fantastic connected to the AMP-100 and push plenty of bass -- so much so that the neighbors will complain on occasion if I have the Sonos volume above 70 % or so . :--RRB- The sound never distorts , even at high volume , though part of this is likely attributed to the high dB rating of the DT speakers . With either the Sonos ZP120 or the AMP-100 you would be well-served by quality , high-dB speakers given that neither amp is exactly `` high-end . `` I have not experienced any heat-related issues with the AMP-100 , though I do not have it in an enclosure . I leave the AMP-100 on all of the time with the ZP90 sitting on top of it and everything feels room temperature to the touch , even when pumping music to the deck . Very satisfied , particularly given the AMP-100 + ZP90 combo is cheaper than a ZP120 and I get the benefit of a dedicated amp and even the ability to upgrade and add a second AMP-100 if I want more wattage .
 TV that I had purchased , left a lot to be desired with the speaker system built in . Most of the time , with max volume , could not hear the audio on a lot of the channels normally watched . Had 2 perfectly good speakers just collecting dust , until I purchsed this Amp . Hook up was fairly simple & now have no issue hearing dialog on any channel that I watch . Very good purchase for me & my situation .
 Needed amp to power CD player for workshop . This unit works great . No bells or whistles , just straight-up power for a medium sized sound system . Came packed well with clear simple instructions . Delivery went as promised . Would recommend this product .
 I have been trying to get the right music reproduction setup in my `` mancave '' for some months . My latest iteration involves a pair of `` lightly-used '' Polk T15 speakers , which I gleaned off eBay for half their regular price . However , I did n't have a dedicated amp to power them and the speakers arrived very quickly after I won the bid - the Wednesday right before Memorial Day weekend . So , the Friday before the holiday , I ordered this amp for Saturday delivery . It arrived a little after 11:00 a.m. on Saturday , via FedEx . I had already pre-wired the speakers so all I had to do was hook up the amp to the speakers and plug it in.I have spent the better part of my 3-day , Memorial Day weekend listening to my favorite songs via Windows Media Player on my Dell PC , playing through this amp . The Polk speakers were rated at 89db spl for efficiency , so I was n't 100 % sure if 50 watts RMS per channel would drive them to loud enough levels . This little amp has plenty of power to drive those speakers to quite loud levels , which tells me that this little amp has some headroom in it 's power output ratihg . Let me get into the pros and cons.Pros :1 -RRB- Great price at just under 100.00.2 -RRB- Very clean sound with no distortion even at high levels .3 -RRB- Auto standby mode when no input signal .4 -RRB- Low profile amplifier .5 -RRB- No fan required.Cons :1 -RRB- Must use input 2 for continuous signal to avoid auto-switching .2 -RRB- At very low levels of input or very quiet musical passages , amp goes into standby mode.I 've played the gamut of music from Rock , Jazz , Pop , Classical , Opera and Boom-Boom . This amp is solid . I am very satisfied so far and the price is unbeatable . For small to medium-size bookshelf speakers or relatively high-efficiency speakers , this amp might be a near-perfect selection . I 'll post a picture with this review .
 I purchased this amp to play all my PC based music files over a good set of home speakers ... . WOW ! thats all i can say ... . great 100 watt amp and priced under 100 dollars ...
 It 's a magical black square that sends electric workers over to my speak boxes , which then make sounds which enter my brainwaves and please me greatly . What more could you want ? You should clearly buy this .
 I ordered this product to drive the in-ceiling speakers in my two bedrooms before reading the reader reviews and was alarmed by the prospect of the amplifier turning off during quiet sections of the music . This must have been fixed by AudioSource because it has not been a problem at all . In fact the pre-amp input signal must go quiet for about 5 minutes to turn off . This feature is especially nice in my application in which I have a satellite receiver with an RF remote that allows users in the third floor bedrooms to control the receiver . In this way once they stop listening to music it turns it self off after a few minutes , saving precious energy.Overall a very nicely designed piece of gear that does exactly what I want . It sounds great , pairs perfectly with my Klipsch in ceiling speakers , and is nice looking in a sorta-retro way with great feeling , mechanical switches and smooth turning knobs . A great value for an amplifier that fills a very specific niche .
 Thought I would share my new , very minimalist , Ipod-based stereo setup with the Amp 100 since it was inexpensive and sounds surprisingly good . I recently purchased a pair of new B&W ; 685 bookshelf speakers - which really are wonderful speakers with a very clean sound , full soundstage , and terrific midrange . To my mind , these speakers offer entry-level audiophile quality sound for a great price , so represent a good test of what the AMP 100 is capable of . They are rated at 8 OHMs -LRB- the minimum impedance for the Amp 100 -RRB- and can handle 30-100 watts , so the Amp 100 comes in nicely at 50 watts x2 with my setup.I purchased 50 feet of inexpensive , but high quality copper speaker cable -LRB- with + and - strands -RRB- and cut that into four 12.5 foot pieces . The B&W ; 's allow for standard or dual wiring -LRB- i.e. one + and - for High Frequency and one + and - for Low Frequency -RRB- , so I took advantage of the latter , hooking up two cables per speaker and running all four cables back to the Amp 100 's `` A '' speaker posts -LRB- so two wires per post -RRB- . Both speakers and amp required no spades or banana plugs , just bare wire -LRB- simplicity itself - little effort and money -RRB- . I then hooked up my Ipod to the Amp 100 's Input 2 via a stereo Mini Male to RCA Y Cable such asHOSA CMR206 Stereo Mini Male to RCA Y-Cable - 6 Feet . A nice feature in this regard is the Amp 100 's separate volume control , since I tend to keep my Ipod at full volume for car use -LRB- to appreciate this , all you need to do is forget just once that it 's at full volume and hook it up to an amp with no volume control . Ouch . -RRB- I set each speaker on two stacked 16-inch concrete blocks -LRB- around $ 2.50 each -RRB- for a perfect 32 inch listening height and then placed the amp between them - also on two side-by-side concrete blocks for an industrial look . And that 's it -- I can control the Ipod volume from the couch and I am hard-pressed to want to push the AMP 100 's volume beyond half-way even though I running the system in a large , empty room . And the sound is impressive , with a great soundstage ! I am happy with not having bass and treble , simply because the zero levels I 'm getting are so good -LRB- the fewer the components , the better the signal ! -RRB- , but this setup is about as stripped down as it gets . By the way , you should also be able to hook a computer with digital audio out to the mini-male I 'm using for my Ipod if that 's your preference .
 The AudioSource AMP-100 is part of my perfect living room music system . The system includes iPhone bluetooth to Logitech wireless speaker adapter , to Audiosource Amp 100 , to Polk Audio RM8 and an old powered subwoofer from a friend . It is so simple . The iPhone is the controller . Everything comes on when you send iPhone audio to the Logitech . Everything goes off when you stop . No preamp , the iPhone controls volume and tone . I keep the Amp-100 turned up so there is no issue with it cutting out . Everything sounds great . In a 20 ' x 30 ' room it gets too loud for conversation , but not house shaking . The sub is needed for low end and the powered sub leaves more Amp-100 for the mid to high . This system is better than the sum of its parts .
 I have four pairs of speakers
 I bought this because I wanted to extend my in-home sound system to my deck . I used a pair of OSD AP-650 weatherproof speakers and I am very happy with the sound quality . The 50 watts per channel is just what I needed to get me good sound without blowing my neighbors off their decks . It all sounds great at low and full volume . Even my wife likes it .
 Purchased Audio Source AMP-100 to complete my Yamaha RX-V667 receiver . The amplifier is simple , solid and was connected within minutes after reading the directions . I liked how the amp looks , feels and operates like `` classic '' audio equipment -LRB- not cheap or all show and no go -RRB- . Zone 2 on my Yamaha is my `` speaker B '' from which I listen to small speakers outside and another room of my home . I have n't put it at full volume but I am able to power both sets of speakers with no problems . Audio Source AMP-100 will get warm -LRB- and I am listening for hours at a stretch working outside -RRB- so I raised mine up at the feet to allow more air flow under the unit . I read other reviews and buyers comments before purchasing this unit so I had high expectations . I am very pleased so far and can easily endorse this amplifier .
 This guitar is beautiful . I purchased this guitar for $ 90 in the Natural Gloss finish -LRB- Dean Tradition Acoustic Guitar Pack with Gig Bag , Pitch Pipe and Picks -RRB- . Mahogany back and sides , solid spruce top , rosewood fingerboard . It does not look like a cheap guitar , it does not play like a cheap guitar and it does not sound like a cheap guitar . This guitar is advertised as a beginner guitar but I know plenty of skilled guitar players that do n't even have guitars this nice.It is made in China as are most of the guitars in this price range.Everything about it is very solid . The construction seems to be above standard for the line . Side by side with a Takamine Jasmine S35 and it 's blatantly obvious which one is of higher quality.It holds tune really well . It sounds very clear but has a slight resonance issue with the low-mids . The neck is very nice and plays effortlessly . No issues with sharp frets or buzzing out . I thought it sounded good when I got it and then I put D'Addario 12 's on it and it sounded even better.Personally , I would prefer a cutaway . It would also be nice to have electronics . My only other gripe would be that it is missing a second strap post , so if you want to wear a strap you have to tie it around the top of the neck . The gloss finish is really nice but it 's a fingerprint magnet.That being said , I think it is an exceptional value that can not be matched . You should probably just buy it .
 I have owned my Dean Tradition acoustic guitar for about 10 years now . I 've received numerous comments about how nice it is and how good it sounds for the price point at which I purchased it . As of this posting , Amazon 's price is cheaper than even a well-known online `` friend '' of many musicians . And this comes with a hardshell case !! I paid at least this much 10 years ago and mine did n't have a case.The guitar is well put-together and , as noted , as a nice tone . Really it depends on how you play it . If you finger pick , it has a soft , subtle sound that 's maybe a bit muted . If you use a pick , you 'll find that the sound is much brighter . The action is probably just about right for a beginner or for someone who 's just a casual player . I personally found it a bit high , but it did n't hinder me . The fret board might be considered wide by someone with small hands , but for `` average '' folks , it too is just right . I usedElixir Light Polyweb Acoustic Guitar Stringsand found them to be well-suited for use on this guitar . It made playing much more comfortable . The guitar tunes easily and stays in tune , as well.If I were a `` serious '' guitar player or someone with a lot of skill , I 'd probably be playing a Taylor . However , if you 're looking for a beginner guitar or you are a casual player like me , you 'll find the Dean Tradition is one of the best guitars available at this price .
 I do n't own this model , but I do have a Tradition S2 . I bought the guitar as a `` beginner '' instrument - I played for a while as a teen , but that was nearly 20 years ago.I was okay with the tone , but I upgraded some components to see what I could get out of it . I added a Tusq graphite saddle and nut , some Elixer 80/20 strings in medium , and solid brass bridge pins.My somewhat snobby Taylor friends all felt compelled to complement my guitar 's sound.If you buy this guitar , do n't treat it like a toy ! For a meager $ 40.00 , I was able to convert my `` beginner '' guitar into an instrument with a voice all it 's own that the `` big boys '' envy!Play on !
 I 've had my ES-335 for 15 years now , bought a new one in 1996 , and it has not let me down once during all that time . It is a trusted friend , a confidante , and often an advisor . It 's truly my guitar consigliere . There 's a common misconception that its tone is only good for jazz and blues - total nonsense . This thing can get gnarly , street-fight with the best of them . The thing is , man , it 's versatile . It can dial up some true raunch , and then in its next breath burn as clear and bright as the stars . Color do n't matter , get whichever one you like . Plug in into a tube amp , perhaps a vintage fender , and visit places you 've only imagined ...
 I was n't even shopping for one when I got it . I was looking for headphones . Honest . It called to me , though . I can still hear it . `` Take me home , '' it pleaded . I just could n't say no and thus acquired my first Gibson six string . Learned to play on a lovely SG style Melody Maker a long time ago and had an EB2D bass for a long time but never a six string.What a beauty ! Gorgeous finish , great looking headstock and hefty without being uncomfortable . After playing Fenders and Ovations for years I had to re-do all the patches on my multi-effects stomp box because the 335 is just too powerful compared to those guitars . Those Classic Humbuckers will take your face off if you 're not careful ! The neck was comfortable right from the get-go and has remained so . The tuners are precise and easy to use and the one neck adjustment I 've had to perform could n't have been easier . I can never find local replacements for the Brite Wires that came with it -LRB- nice strings ! -RRB- but D'Addario EXL110s sound great on it so that 's what I use . The guitar 's sound is clear and unique with all sorts of tone options available for any song . It 's so much fun to play I do n't even bother using an amp when noodling around between gigs - another trick that 's hard to accomplish on a solid body Fender . The satin finish glosses up over time and looks great . Heck , even the case is gorgeous.The only gripes I can think of are that it could have used a bit more thorough checking prior to shipping - the B string was binding at the nut when I bought it , necessitating a trip to the local luthier/tech and the saddles do n't appear to have been notched for the strings the way I 'm told is normal . I also wish they 'd use the same size screws for the strap pins as it 's a bit of a pain to retro-fit my preferred strap locks on them with the two different holes . -LRB- My EB2D had the same oddball screw arrangement . -RRB- Rather than fussing with it , I just use `` over-the-strap '' twist-on Dunlop locks.This guitar is similar to the ones I grew up seeing and hearing people like Clapton , Johnny Rivers and Justin Hayward play . Never really planned on getting one and now that I have it I 'm scared to take it to some of the places I play but that 's OK . Everyone needs to treat themselves to a really nice axe every now and then and this one 's mine . : - -RRB-
 This guitar met and exceeded my expectations . The workmanship is top notch . I was looking for a rich warm sound and this guitar totally blew me away . Like the previous reviewers said , the guitar is very versatile . However , I needed to have a luthier do an initial setup on this guitar mainly because the action was too high for me . Nevertheless , I am extremely happy about this purchase -LRB- I 've always wanted to own a Gibson guitar since I was a child -RRB- . The guitar comes with a nice form fitting Gibson case . Also , there 's a very sweet smell to the maple wood ... every time I open the case , that 's the first thing I notice about this guitar . Seriously , it 's a beauty , and I highly recommend it , if you 've got the dough to spend.PS
 Ever since the lead guitar player in my band in the 70 's used this guitar -LRB- and let me play it from time to time -RRB- I have always wanted an ES335 just like his . From time to time I would look at them but found them to be out of my price range at any of the on-line stores . But , surprise ! Amazon had the guitar for a super good price - so I bought it . I let the box sit for a few hours to allow the guitar to reach the room temperature in my house . Then I took it out and tuned it to standard pitch . I let it sit for a while to acclimate , and then I lowered the action/tuned it back to standard pitch . This guitar plays like a dream - right out of the box . No fret buzzing with the action very , very low . The sound is awesome - I ca n't wait to start playing it every day .
 Beautiful Guitar . Made a few adjustments to the action and set up but pretty great right out of the box . Beautiful full Gibson sound . I love the faded satin finish . Plays great . Pretty much my favorite guitar that I own .
 This guitar just smokes !! Great all around axe . I really believe the thin nitro finish on the faded cherry makes it ring and sustain better . Workmanship is pretty good for a production line guitar .
 These cards are as promised . They are color coded and laminated , I think they will make it through all four of my kids in tact . The ring is also heavy duty and does not open/close easy so the kids wo n't strew the card collection on you . There are two complaints I have , however they are minor . The first is the cards need to be a shade bigger . Their current size makes it hard to hold them -LRB- as the parent -RRB- and have the child see them , as they fit in the plam of your hand . If these were for one person use -LRB- ie
 I got these to teach basic piano to residents at a nursing home.Many can not see very far - so I brought these small cards to them!It is easy to use and very straight forward - in only one class time I had them guessing the notes and succeeding well in starting to read music !
 My daughter 's teacher recomended this brand of reeds and are great , the help to produce good sound !!
 In my home studio I record in a Whisper Room , which is a terrific sound booth . However , due to it 's relatively small size I did hear a boxy quality especially when working a louder volume . The filter works as claimed and smoothed out the ` rough edges ' so to speak - highly reccomended!H2
 As a marginal singer , I am forever in search of a vocal chain that makes me sound `` not terrible . '' First I went in search of a mic , and ended up with the Blue Blueberry and Miktek C5 -LRB- great vocal as well as acoustic guitar mic -RRB- . Next I went in search of a preamp , and ended up with the BAE 1073mpf -LRB- class A -- for vocals you do n't want `` prosumer '' class AB , you need one with a big , honkin ' power supply for that smooth , professional sound -RRB- . Each of the above was a huge improvement over my previous vocal chain -LRB- s -RRB- . Then I was told by a pro that you need a dead-silent space for the vocal mic , so I got this . Big improvement ! I 'm getting a very clear , present vocal without weird overtones that come from the room and smear all over the mix . Thank you SE Electronics !
 Great product . Does exactly what it claims . Improvement of sound - without a doubt.Very sturdy product , but it is extremely heavy and difficult to mount on standard , high quality mic/boom stand.We use top of the line AKG stands and booms and the set-up is tenuous at best.We would recommend very large Atlas stands for a more sturdy fit and finish - though these are n't always practical in small , residential studio settings .
 I have been using this product for the past three months and am satisfied with the results . My setup is a Rode M1 directly into a Zoom H4N via XLR with a double sided pop filter . The quality is amazingly clear ; no hiss or crackles from room noise.Although the build quality of the reflector is nice , the bracket mount is complete trash . Once the reflector is mounted , the weight becomes off centered -LRB- due to the clamp design -RRB- and will begin to tilt . I use an empty water bottle to help keep the reflector 's rod mount in it 's place but it looks absolutely ridiculous . But I know people just care about the results and that 's the reason for the 4 stars.At this price , I would have ordered the version from Studio Keys but they charge $ 96 shipping from the UK . Was n't going to spend that much money for just shipping !
 I was very excited to open my reflexion filter . I anticipated it all weekend . When I open the box and start putting it together , I see that one of the screws broke off inside of its input ... all of the other screws were unscrewed from its input but this one was the only screw that was broken . Other than that , the mic stand is a little wobbly . -LRB- Because of the screw . -RRB- But the reflexion filter still works like a charm !
 FantasticFantasticFantasticThis snare drum has a wonderfull timbre . It 's really different of another drums . It 's so loud !!! You can buy fearless !
 This drum is sweet . It looks amazing coming out of the box , a classic , beautiful design . I swapped the stock Weather Master heads for an Emperor Coated / Clear Ambassador Reso . Also swapped stock snares for 42-strand wires . No complaints about sound from this beauty.My only complaint to date is the strainer . The standard P-85 strainer would often get snagged when moving the snares from off to on . This sucks big time when you 're in the middle of a song , fighting with the strainer to co-operate . I got desperate and almost snapped the arm off it once . This may have been a problem on my end , seating it incorrectly or something . I 'll soon swap to a P-86 strainer.Also , watch out for fingerprints on this ! The chrome looks awesome when it 's clean , however fingerprints really stand out . . and drive me mad . Minor detail but thought it was worth mentioning.Overall , very good drum . If mine got stolen or destroyed in a fire I would buy another .
 I 've tried a lot of snares in different situations , but this one is the most versatile drum i 've ever played . Depending on how it 's tuned it will support any kind of music . Articulation is great played loudly or softly and it will cut through a loud electric band and still have a nice full tone . I 've heard that this is the most recorded snare drum in the recording industry , and i can see why . Sounds incredible with 42 strand snares !
 i first tried these dr extra 's about 10 years agoon my d41 martin guitar , long life , great sound on any flat top guitar.they are coted and last a very long time .
 An excellent clarinet case , with a more traditional look than the ABS or nylon sided cases out there . I much prefer the look of this one , and , much to my surprise , my daughter did also.It has good-looking , sturdy hardware , and the lid does not have any tendency to flop closed while you 're using it -LRB- a complaint I read about some lightweight cases -RRB- . This case has a good-sized accessory compartment . There 's also an `` extra space '' just to the right of the upper joint -LRB- see the photos I 've uploaded -RRB- . I 'm not sure what it 's for but I think it might be for an extra barrel -LRB- one fits there -RRB- . It 's too short for an extra mouthpiece and just barely too short for the typical plastic cases that reeds come in . A tube of cork grease fits in it easily , though.I believe that this case is the same asReplacement Cases Wood Clarinet Case Single Clarinet -LRB- note that they both have the same Item model number
 I am a 30 year + giging modern jazz musician . Feedback in the monitors has always been a big problem , in many cases making me change the set or instrument . I now can play any acoustic instrument with drummers , amplified instruments ... and the vocals can be loud and crisp with no feedback . Very easy to use as well
 I just needed this plug from my mixer to the amp . Does n't feel too sturdy but it does the job I just hope it lasts
 Excelent product . I connected to my computer easily , could play LP 's , 45 's and 78 's , has speaker ; earphone connection , does not need pre-amplifier and once you get the music in your computer with a program like Audacity or DAK Editor you can copy , edit and put into Wave or MP3 . Highly recommended for the price , if you 're a high tech person this might not be that great but for must of us it works perfectly
 this product is great , came quickly , I should have gotten this a long time ago , you need to buy 6 D batteries to take it with you when you shop for vinyl records , it also comes with a power plug so you can use it without batteries near an electrical outlet , it comes with a needle , i was like thank god ! I do n't have to buy a cartridge/needle everything you need comes in the box -LRB- except for the 6 D batteries you have to buy that seperately -RRB- has a good sound for such a small speaker , you can change pitch , tone , volume , and you can plug in your headphones if you wan na listen to it privately . DEFINITELY recommended , especially since its cheaper than most regular NON-portable turntables !
 Santa got this for my son this year . He has really enjoyed the old albums that my husband & I used to listen to . Great buy for the money . I searched high and lo for the best price and the best ratings over the internet and this one was the most cost effective unit . The only gripe I had was that I did n't realize that the USB cables were not included in the package . I tried to find Audio Interface at local stores and was unsuccessful . I then turned back to Amazon and purchased them . Now his friends and parents want one also . We are now able to listen to our favorite albums again !
 The Numark PT01 Portable DJ Turntable perfectly suits my needs . I wanted a turntable that was easy to use , can be plugged into my Mac , is small enough to tote around , and could be used for listening to records while alone at home or playing some tunes for a small get together . The sound quality is good , and at under $ 80 USD this little record player is a real deal.Obviously this is not the turntable for an audiophile , but if you need an inexpensive , portable , easy to use turntable that can be connected to a stereo or computer this is your best bet .
 The Numark PT01 portable turntable works really good . Has it own internal speakers and will operate on AC or battery power . It even sounds pretty good with its little tiny speaker . It does exactly as described in the description and that is always a good result .
 The Numark PT01 hits the spot for my needs . I have several hundred vinyl records , including some of all three speeds -LRB- 78 , 33 & 45 RPM -RRB- that I need to put on CD so I can listen to them . Most turntables will only play 33s & 45s . The Numark PT01 plays all three speeds . The 45 RPM insert stores neatly in the case . It also has sufficient output to feed into my iBook through an iMic using a RCA to 1/8 '' stereo splitter . I have been able to rip the records and create the digital music files which I am able to burn to a CD.The output is crisp and without any unnecessary EQ . The speed seems to be accurate to get a quality recording even with strings and piano.I do wish it had a lever action to lift and set the tone arm on the record without any noise or undo bumps.Lastly , cudos to Amazon for a significant price break and speedy shipping .
 I 'm so excited for this one . I played records and adjusted the pitch . This is the turntable I wanted . I have another one that plays too fast , but this one has the pitch control so you can listen to the music like it is on a CD . It 's so portable you can hook this up to the computer to transfer vinyl to CDs or MP3s . I 'm 100 % pleased . If you 're looking for a turntable that has all the features but without blowing your money on buying a big one , this is it . Highly recommended !
 This turntable does exactly what I wanted it do . It has amazing sound clarity and allows me to play all of my record albums . Allow use of earphones . Hooks to computer easily . Very satified .
 I read the other reviews before I ordered and received just what I expected for the price - a nice turntable with a decent sound . I was very happy to have a small turntable capable of playing all my old records .
 This thing is really cool and reasonably priced . If you are looking to use this as your primary record player you will want to get some external speakers . The speaker built in gets loud enough to listen to your records alone but with a few people around it would be drowned out . The sound output is great , it sounds very crisp and clear . Really the only problem I have with it is that the felt base for the records is a little bit low so if your record is the slightest bit warped it will hit the edges of the player and cause it to slow down and sound all funky . This is an easy fix though just get an extra piece of felt or a 7 inch you arent too fond of and put it under your record to raise it up a bit . Not a big deal but you think numark could have compensated for this on their own .
 I really enjoy this product . It 's very convenient and has really solved my dilemma for finding a solid record player . Sounds great , has many different outputs , and I 've played some records on it so far and it works well . Be warned , though . Numark has TERRIBLE customer service . The day after I received my turntable , I was picking it up and the cover broke off , breaking the plastic latch . I was bummed , so I ordered another lid assuming the latch would come attached -LRB- it 's not a part that can be put together yourself , I found out after talking to an engineer and it comes attached when you buy the PT-01 -RRB- -RRB- . Today , in the mail I received my lid without the attached latch . After being passed around though approx . different people at Numark , I found out they do not accept returns -LRB- !? -RRB- and do not do repairs -LRB- !? -RRB- . They gave me a number for a authorized service repair center in New Jersey , but when I called the repair center , they had never heard of the PT-01 ! I guess I 'm on my own . This is a nice turntable , but be very careful with it !
 I recently purchased the Numark PT01 Portable DJ Turntable as well as the Vestax Handy Trax Portable Turntable.The first thing you notice about the Numark is that it looks and feels tougher , stronger . Both are lightweight plastic that I would n't want to bang around too much.The Numark 's built in speaker is much better than the Vestax . Both sound good when using headphones . I have not yet hooked either unit to a computer or sound system.the thing that I dislike about both of them , is having to place and lift the tonearm on the records . Also you must move the arm towards the record to get the platter to spin.they 're more like good `` record players '' than high qualityturntables.Remember your talking about a whole unit that cost lessthan what some people spend on record cleaning fluids.If your very picky and trying recreate the old days you ` dbe better of with a more expensive direct drive turntablewith a nice cartridge.I would recommend these for the casual user not the serious audiophile.btw
 I bought this because I 've always wanted a functional turntable . A few years ago I had several thrift store/garage sale turntables that always had one key element not working . I recently started looking online for a decent , no-frills turntable when I found this one.This is 100 % ready to go . You do n't need a receiver , amplifier , speakers or anything . This unit plays records - nothing more , nothing less . It has line out , so you can plug it into speakers if you want . It also has two headphone inputs , one 1/4 '' and one 1/8 '' which is very convenient . The pitch feature is n't as useful as it may be on a more expensive unit with a strobe to verify a change in speed , but it 's a nice feature just in case you own a record where the pitch might be off I guess . I also like that it plays at 33 1/3 , 45 , and 78 rpms . The single speaker on the face is nice too , it 's not something that 's gon na blow you away , but in the event that you do throw 6 D batteries into this thing to take it out and listen to it away from a wall outlet , it 's nice to have a built-in speaker . The construction is pretty sturdy overall , and I 'd actually consider it stylish and very practical . It 's not very heavy , but it 's stable and I 've bumped my desk and stomped around to see if it would skip and it has n't . My only complaint is that shortly after receiving it , I looked at each different part and on the platter I wanted to see if the piece of felt that 's on it was removable , but it 's glued on . Unfortunately it 's not glued on very well , so by barely touching it , I pulled one side of it up . Overall , I 'd say this is a perfect turntable for someone who does n't want to spend a lot of money . I 'd rather have this than something in the $ 100-200 range since it performs just as well . This will hold me over just fine until I get a significantly more expensive unit with all the bells and whistles .
 This record player has an amp built inside , you can just plug it into any speaker system , or your headphones . its portable , and can be powered by batteries . It takes an old technology and gives it modern convience .
 Excellent value.I have over one-hundred 78 RPM records . I copied the records onto CD 's using this turntable connected to my computer and Microsoft Plus software . The result is a sound that was better than the original and much more convenient.The turntable is very compact , easy to set up and operate . I had no trouble at all .
 this little puppy works just fine ... it 's smooth , surprisingly small and lighter than an unabridged dictionary -LRB- or so . -RRB- ** the only note i would give is that the small speakers on it are designed for monitoring , NOT FOR REGULAR LISTENING . they 're pretty weak , so i just bought a medium-quality set of computer speakers to plug into the headphone jack and it all works like a charm
 This is a great little turntable . I have had it about two years and have never had a problem with it . Those who are disappointed by the fact that they can not hook it up to their stereo would do well to read the name of the product ; Numark PT01 Portable Turntable .
 Works very well for my application , i.e. limited use transferring LPs to computer and occasionally just listening to a record . With top cover on it does n't take up much space . Most turntables of this price range do not have pitch adjust , a must for 78s .
 I ordered this item on a Monday and received it on Wednesday . It had a small defect -LRB- one warped corner -RRB- , but I downloaded a prepaid mailing label , returned the defective item Wednesday afternoon , and received the replacement on Friday . Still amazed at that.The player is cool . I 'm no expert , so I ca n't really critique its mechanics or whatnot , but it sounds good to me . And it 's so sleek and light and portable , it really makes up for any so-called deficiencies.I got it mostly for its headphone jack outputs . Instead of running it through a traditional stereo , I just put everything through my computer speakers.It works for me . I 'm glad I got it . It 's a heck of a deal and they urgently handled my return . It seems a little delicate . I know it wo n't last forever ... but I take care of my delicate records , so I should be able to keep this intact .
 my five year old loves it and has been playing it every day since we got it.it 's not too loud.We hooked it up to an amplifier and it was louder althoughthe sound quality was still just ok . One little plastic tab broke off the lidthe first day but it still works fine and stays on . We LoVE it .
 this unit has wonderful sound quality for a very low price . its internal speaker puts out great volumes but the unit is also very easly connected to external speakers . i particularly love the compact size which makes storage in my dorm room very easy .
 If you 're serious about your record collection , and have a large collection , you already know that you should buy a good quality turntable -LRB- Music Hall or NAD -RRB- for your stereo system , and forget all the other portable junk -LRB- Crosley , etc. -RRB- out there . This is great for portable use -LRB- vacation home , etc. -RRB- I use this for copying 78s on my computer system as well -LRB- for now - until I get a dedicated 78 player -RRB- . If you play 78s , make sure you get a special 78 stylus .
 The delivery came as promised and the turntable works as needed . We were especially interested in a turntable which could play 78 rpm records as well as 33 rpm at a price under $ 100 . This was just right .
 Great component for transfering LPs to digital . Very compact and easy to use ! No problems here .
 This turntable works great ! You really need to plug into speakers as the built-in speaker is very quiet . We hooked it up to some M-Audio Studiophle AV 40 powered speakers and it sounds fantastic -LRB- you can also plug your ipod into these speakers -RRB- . I have been listening to my old records like crazy . Warning , it will make you want to buy new vinyl too ! It is plastic , lightweight , and easy to use , but maybe not as heavy and solid as some folks would want . It is great for trying out vinyl in the store , very portable with batteries , but certainly heavier . I do not know yet how long 6 batteries last . It 's fun .
 I was totally broke during x-mas season and my lovely girlfriend had dropped hints that she wanted a portable turntable to take along on our vynil digging adventures , so i scoured the internet until i found one that was affordable and seemed to be good quality , The Numark name said it all for me . Prompt delivery and she was the happiest woman in the world . Needless to say i got a little more for christams than i expected -LRB- in a GOOD way -RRB- , and it was GREAT ! Oh Yeah , the product ... it was in great condition and works perfectly , and the built in speaker ... is acually alot louder than i expected . GREAT product and Speedy delivery . Thanks.Ricky Corona -LRB- MODesto , CA -RRB-
 I was looking or a turntable with RCA outputs so I can connect to my laptop sound . I also wanted 33 1/3 , 45 , and 78 RPM speeds so I can untimately digitize my collection of vinal in all formats . So far this simple to use turntable has performed beyond expectation . My old mono LP 's sound as good as they did on my old high end turntable .
 small in size but works well . Not for scracthing whatsoever !!! do n't even try it ! Quality Portable turntables are hard to find , and while i would n't call this one durable or well-built , it still performs very well . do n't crank the volume too often it will blow the speAker
 This portable record player is great to take record stores , listening parties , etc. . I would n't use it to try to entertain a party full of people , as the volume is n't very loud . It 's great for what it 's intended for .
 After looking for a Portable turntable for my record `` digging '' excursions , found this piece of equipment which seems to be pretty small , but actually it has a lot of power . It has everything a record digger DJ needs
 This might be a little soon to be writing a review since I just got it but I think I can do it justice . First what it is not . It is n't your primary turntable . Ok now what it is . It 's a small portable turntable that has a funky little speaker that you wo n't use . But there are RCA outs to plug into your home stereo car deck etc. . There is also 2 sizes for headphones . Plus a USB cable and software for your computer . It -LRB- except for the computer part -RRB- reminds me of my 1st turntable I got when I was 12 . I have an audio technica for my stereo that I play lps on but I wanted something I could play my 45 's on without getting up every 21/2 -3 min -LRB- must be something to do with going on 58 -RRB- . This is it I have 15 ' RCA cable so that 's cool . I use the audio tech to burn lps as it has a built in pre-amp which I 've heard is better than USB but this will do the trick . It does 78 rpm has a pitch control . For 89 bucks delivered to my house I think I got what I wanted and expected . Now as to whether I will put my MFSL Santana Abraxas on it remains to be seen .
 I previously bought one , that messed up within a week of me playing it . The clamp that holds the arm bar in place broke as I was snapping it in place , and the records started sounding like chimpmunks . So Numark replaced it within a week , and the one I have now works fine . I 'd heard excellent reviews from -LSB- ... -RSB- so I definitely wanted to give it another shot . I know this is their cheapest and most low budget player . I 'm just getting started with vinyl , and am pretty excited to play a lot more records . And if I ever wanted to preview the records at the store , it just needs batteries .
 Very reasonable price . Comes with USB cable and necessary software , which I was not expecting . I used the machine to transfer old 78 records to CD . Some of these records dated to the early 1900 's . The results were excellent . The machine has input jacks for connecting a tape player to put cassettes onto CD .
 Now since last year I have been looking for a turntable to use for my lp collection and I have found just what I was looking for . This turntable works great and connects easily with any speaker system that you may have .
 I was searching a reliable turntable , I found this item some days ago , this is a good device , it have headphones conecctions and Red and Yellow Audio ports too and buttons to fit some features like Audio , Tone & Pitch ; you can choice the differents speeds to 33 , 45 and 78 rpm , the sound is great , can take advantage of their portability , great Turntable for the price . Although Numark forgot to include it an automatic arm .
 I bought this turntable to a -RRB- replace an older turntable from the 70s and which weighs more than me , for which new needles cost 30-40 bucks , and b -RRB- to transfer old 78s into digital files for a podcast . It 's one of the few turntables that I found with both a built-in speaker AND audio out ports , in both RCA and headphone cable form . Usually , I found ones with either one or the other . It 's lightweight , it has excellent sound quality , much more tone and pitch control than you 'd ever expect in a 100 dollar turntable , and the new needles cost only 12 bucks . I could not find where to buy the needles online , so after contacting Numark , I discovered that they would sell them to me directly for only 12 bucks each -LRB- even if it involved giving out my CC # via eMail -RRB- . Being a very new turntable , I do n't expect it to be phased out anytime soon , so the needles should remain cheap for a while.Perhaps the only thing I would change is the fact that the table only starts spinning once you move the arm over it - there is no ` start spinning ' button beyond the on/off switch . Also , there have been a few times when I accidentally dropped the stylus onto the metal surface and it 's left a visible gouge , and I ca n't help but think that this kind of thing should have been somehow protected against.I 'm not a hardcore audiophile . I do n't know the difference between the sonic clarity of a CD and an mp3 , and honestly , if it sounds full , that 's good enough for me , but this was incredibly simple to set up and plays excellently , and pretty solid -LRB- if mostly plastic -RRB- .
 I bought the Numark PT01 for the purpose of transfering vinyl albums and 78 's to my PC for digital remastering and taking the scratches and noise out and then transfering them to CD 's . For the most part , I ca n't complain . The turntable was easy to set up and use . At this point , I must give information about replacement styluses . Regretfully , Amazon does not sell these , so you 'll have to get them from other sources . Do n't worry , I 'll help you find them . Just Google the numbers you see below and you 'll quickly find sites which can sell you these styluses at very reasonable prices .793 D7793S3These are special Fansteel numbers which are used to designate the exact styluses needed.The 793D7 is the stylus for 33/45 RPM vinyl disks and uses a diamond tip . The 793S3 is the stylus for wide groove 78 RPM disks and uses a sapphire tip.Now , a word about using this turntable for remastering sound . After you 've recorded the record audio to your hard drive , you 'll need to adjust the equalizer of your third party recording client so that the 200HZ level is brought down by -12 Db . This is because this turntable has an anoying peak at that frequency and especially in the right channel . Also , it 's best to turn the volume all the way up on the lineout jakcs -LRB- that 's right , the volume also effects the auxiliary output jacks which is not a good thing -RRB- because you 'll want to minimize the amp noise going in to your sound card . Also , you will need to use a lower setting on the track bar for the line input on your card than you may be used to . This is because both headphone jacks and the lineout jacks are fed by the same amplifier and thus the volume ; as indicated before , works them all . Barring those factors though , It 's a nice little turntable which , provided you 're not too demanding of your equipment , will serve well . OF course , it would have been nicer if the cartridge was user replaceable thus allowing the freedom to choose what ever combination of stylus and cartridge you wanted ; and , the 200Hz peak in the right channel , which I suspect is the result of the tonearm receiving vibrations from the built in cartridge , would need to be eliminated for me to give it a 5 ; but , as I said , nice buy if you are not too demanding and are on a tight budget .
 I have n't listened to records since my old turntable broke down years ago . In the meantime , I have a acquired new amp , which does not include a phono option , and the idea of buying a preamp and all the other necessary accessories seemed like too much effort . Well , this compact little turntable does the trick with a minimum of fuss . It 's not an audiophile product , but I must say that , hooked up to my main system , it provides good sound , tracks even scratchy , warped LPs well , and takes up very little shelf space . I even brought it into my kitchen one evening , hooked it up to a table radio , and some 1950s-era jazz records sounded pretty sweet . I 'm going to be getting a few of these to give to my musically-included friends as gifts this holiday season ! For those of you who have forgotten the joy of setting the needle into the groove and hearing that familiar ` swoosh ' - this will bring it all back .
 i 've long wanted to own a numark ... if only it was n't too pricey , until this particular model came along . the functions are pretty basic but the sound is excellent for its range . the thing i like most is that you can carry it practically anywhere you go and for those old enough to be alive when vinyl was king , it brings back memories of playing your 45 's on your small phonograph . certainly worth the money . I would 've given it 5 stars if it had an auto start and stop funtion though
 Purchased this Numark unit for the purpose of transferring old LP 's to my iBook lap top and then to CD 's and so far I am very happy with my selection . Keep in mind this particular model is fairly basic , no bells or whistles here , but if you do not want or need something expensive or state of the art , then this is a good bet . Simple to set up and operate . Appears to be sturdy and does not take up a lot of space . I 'd give it a full 5 stars if there was a lever to raise and lower the needle/stylus instead of by hand but that may be a type of feature that a DJ prefers . But for the price , I really ca n't complain .
 I purchased this soley for the purpose of recording my albums to MP3 and Burning to CD and it works flawlessly . To do this you first connect the two RCA connections out on the side to your soundcard line in ; that would be the Blue one ; then plug in electrical and turn the unit on . Now go download Spin It Again from Acoustica Software ; not free but the best there is amd go through the trial with some of your records . The great thing is it takes all the hiss ; pops ; everything out of your recording and you can even burn them within the same program . They are digitaltized and sound great on my sound system . The Numark is a great buy and works great with Spin It Again ; get both you wo n't regret it . I have been through 15 Albums so far without a single problem with the Turntable and the Software .
 I am a college student , and I wanted to take LPs with me to school , so I decided to purchase this player . It is marvelous for what it is designed to do . I run the line out through my computer 's speakers , so I can listen to it as well as make MP3s from the LPs . It is very compact , it sits on my desk , and it is easily transported . It 's built-in speaker does what it can . I have heard complaints from others who have reviewed it , but you can not get the sound that is best from any built-in speaker . What you need to do is run it through other speakers or headphones . Overall , this is an amazing buy , and it is nice to hear people say , `` You bought a NEW record player ?! I did n't think they still made those !! ''
 I got this as a secondary table for when I 'm away from home , but I also use it occasionally when I 'm out D.I.T.C. ` Works great in both scenarios . It 's a tad bulky , but it 's sturdy and has a lot of nice features like the various outputs , tone and pitch knobs , etc. . I 've got buddies who use this as their main turntable . Recommended .
 I like to hear the old style music of Rod Stewart . Now I can listen to it . The sound is clear . the set up is easy . The Rod Stewart rocks ...
 This battery operated little jewel allows playing of old 78 's and stillsounds reasonable in it 's single onboard speaker mode . It also has thestandard stereo outputs to drive an external soound system for all threeRPMs . All this and it 's built to pack around.My wife called it one of the best electronics purchases I 've ever made . .
 above our expectations - gave this as a gift to 14 yr old musical kid , he is loving it ! durable , great sound , came as promised .
 I am using this turntable to transfer music from old LP records and 45 's onto a computer for the purpose of making MP3 files I can listen to on an iPod . It was easy to set up -LRB- just add batteries -RRB- and connect to the computer 's input . In just a few minutes , I was able to start my project . I have copied about a dozen LPs so far and the turntable works great . I am glad I got it . I like the idea that the unit is portable because it is one less thing I have to plug into the wall . Very convenient to use . The results sound great , other than the clicks , pops and surface noise that is all part of the phonograph experience . After listening to CDs for years , it can be painful to listen to records , but I have many records that have not been released on CD . It 's good to hear them again . I guess we just got used to the noise of records . It seems that regardless of how carefully your records were handled , they somehow managed to develop defects . In fact , some have defects right out of a sealed package .
 AN EXCELLENT CHOICE . I NEEDED A SMALL TURNTABLE TO FIT ON MY SHELF FOR PLAYING MY OLD RECORDS . I HOOKED IT UP TO MY BIG STEREO SYSTEM AND IT WORKS JUST FINE . WOULD BUY IT AGAIN IF NEEDED .
 Vynils are awesome ; and with this equipment you can get really good quality in audio .
 I bought this turntable for its 78 speed capability . It works and sounds great . It 's portable , can run on batteries , has speed adjust and can be played through your home stereo or by using headphones . It even has its own built-in speaker . I am using it to transfer over 100 records from the 1930s to the 1940 onto CD by connecting it to my computer using the RCA jacks . For the price you ca n't buy a better turntable .
 Sturdy carrying case and strong plastic lid makes me feel confident about this product 's durability . The internal speaker does not go that loud and does not capture the full sound of vinyl , but attach this player to some real speakers and it sounds great . Do n't pay more than $ 100 for one or you are getting ripped off .
 I have a regular gig which normally involves lugging all my equipment there and back again every week . With the portable turntable I can easily listen to records at home and store my equipment at the site -LRB- a local cafe -RRB- . I do n't have any issues with the monitoring speaker and appreciate the dual headphone jacks . It 's extremely light and portable and the pitch controll functions well . I still would not reccomend it as a primary turntable . You really need to invest in direct drive -LRB- i.e. Technics 1200 's -RRB- . It does take the guesswork out of thrift stores , flea markets , and record stores .
 I found it to be everything I had hoped it would be . It worked flawlessly .
 Sweet sweet sounds come out of such a tiny speaker . It 's incredible . This is the best record player you 're sure to come across at this price . The audio outputs all work like a dream , and the sound modulating knobs are fun . I love it . Go buy one !
 Good price , good sound quality , small , portable . Perfect for when you need a bit of vynal .
 I just bought it and I love it . It ` s simply , easy to carry and it sounds perfect if you are a user like me who just wanted to play again those old vinyl records . At home I plugged into some Logitech speakers and for me the sound it ` s ok . If your are still thinking ... stop thinking and go get it !
 This was a great value . The last stylus I both was over $ 60 !! I received it quickly and it worked like a charm .
 Thanks to grandchildren I now have the exact type of stylus needed to replace my damged one . This was a no brainer to order , it actually arrived on the first day of the posted window , and was followed up by a paid invoice with the company name and contact information.Great product , works exactly as I expected.And I hear that vinyl is making a comeback ? Maybe I should order more before the price goes up from demand .
 Our daughter is 6yrs old and this is her 1st musical instrument ! She has played none stop for the past 3 days and has already picked up the flash cards that came with the guitar . Next are guitar lessons !
 I bought this for my 4yr old for her birthday . she just loves it . its a bit big for her , but she 's on the small side.I was very dispointed that the it came damage .
 This Mounting Brackets are really good !! it can support heaviest speakers !! and it got very nice construction !! , Really Recommend !! .
 I got this to convert some floor speakers to mount on pole stands . They were just what I needed and expected . Very good quality and even come with the mounting screws . This was a great buy !!!
 This is an easy kit to put your floor speakers up on stands . They fit my quicklok stands perfectly . All you need is a hole-saw and a drill-driver . Came complete with screws so installation was done in under an hour -LRB- for both speakers -RRB- . The music now has better and further reach to the audience .
 Length :
 Exactly what I was looking for . I was worried about how it would fit and how the post would be stopped inside the top hat . -LRB- Some of the other reviews worried me a bit -RRB- . It is rounded at the top with a metal flat piece welded from the inside . I see absolutly no chances of the stand post breaking through . Very thick and sturdy . Great value , great product . Most of your speaker stands are 1-3/8 and yes they will all have a ledge where the plate sits . Chances of having to router your speaker out are usually not necessary because most speakers where this mounts should have rubber feet . If not the seller has those at a great price too .
 I wish i could have got the producer version for this price because it has the PSP vintage warmer -LRB- $ 159 -RRB- But at 40 bucks this is a steal , and your able to update to version 8 for $ 100 . I 've been using Cakewalk products since 2000 , and they keep getting better . 1 1/2 thumbs up -LRB- only cuzz there is no warmer -RRB-
 This is a very well-built bag and should have no issues with offering protection for the drums to be stored within . The V-shape design of the main compartment zipper may seem a little odd at first , but makes sense in that it is easier to place/remove toms with brackets or mounts protruding from their side -LRB- rather than wrestle them all the way into regular snug-fitting bags -RRB- . The zippers are pretty heavy gauge , making them hold strong and be less prone to jamming . Also , the shoulder pad strap latches are of solid metal construction.I purchased the 10x12 , 11x13 , and 12x14 models , and here are a few features that these bags came with that were n't listed in the product description.-A luggage-type identification tag is included that you can attach-In addition to the rubber-padded shoulder strap , there are three carrying handles around the bag , making it easier to find a grip when fumbling around with it.-On the bottom there are four rubber feet to add to the durability of the base and to reduce skidding .
 Seems to work just fine ; long cord is a bit excessive , but overall captures sound pretty well and is easy to conceal/keep out of the way .
 The saxophone is good quality , and the shipping is extremely prompt -LRB- 2 days on standard shipping -RRB-
 good sounding high output replacement pickup with original sound ... not the over driven humbucking sound of some others I 've tried .
 I have been playing recorders for 40 + years and have recorded 2 CDs using the Yamaha 300 series recorders . I own and play all the recorders in this series - SN , S , A , T , B . These recorders respond and sound like the finest wooden recorders . They are perfectly in tune with themselves , other sized recorders in this series and other instruments . They have a lovely tone quality . The upper instruments - SN , S and A - have a reedy quality and the lower instruments - T and B - have a haunting hollow tone quality . You ca n't go wrong with any of the fine recorders in this series . Good luck and happy playing !
 To my ears this instrument sounds almost as well as some of the pro wooden ones I 've heard on recorder music CDs . I second many people 's opinion that Yamaha 's are the best plastic recorders out there.My only gripe about plastic recorders in general -LRB- including this one -RRB- is that moisture droplets quickly accumulate on the surface of the windway and start distorting the sound . This is especially true for the notes in the lowest and highest parts of the range . I find it hard to practice for more that 10-15 minutes before I have to dry up the instrument . I think , periodically switching between two recorders might address this .
 I 've had my YRA-302B for years , and find it to be hands down the best recorder for the money . True , moisture builds up quicker than with a wooden recorder , but the sound easily beats out other plastic recorders . The amount of breath control needed is considereable , but this is actually a good thing . One can get into bad habits with a recorder that allows a hard blow , and recorders that allow hard blows tend to have worse tone.So yes , it 'll take some practice to avoid shrieking on it , but trust me , the rewards will be great , because that same sensitivity allows one to do modifications of tone . The YRA-302B is a recorder that you can make talk , and it 's not gaggingly expensive !
 A very good value . My purpose was to provide an alternative to spare my wooden Moeck recorder when rehearsing or performing for long periods of time . The Yamaha has pretty good tone , stays on pitch , can produce both the highest and the lowest notes with ease and has wonderful endurance . Plus , it is light weight , travels well .
 I am no expert but I can tell you that the instrument is spot on when it comes to tuning and intonation . The curved windway tends to clog easily but that is a minor annoyance . Sound is full and much more pleasant than a soprano recorder . Comes with cleaning rod and cream . I like it a lot !
 I ordered this item off of amazon and got it shipped to Australia . Cost me in total with shipping 35.7 AUD.The image shown with this product is not accurate . I was actually hoping it would be different . It is actually YRA-302BIII that shipped and it has a cool Yamaha tuning fork logo on the mouth piece which looks way better than the image shown with this product . Also it is not black but very dark brown and looks cool in sunlight . Enjoy !
 -LSB- I am writing this review as someone who owns several plastic Yamahas and also a nice wooden Moeck instrument , focused mostly on comparison . -RSB- I bought this recorder to replace an aging , cracking and worn plastic recorder of the same brand and model , but in the rosewood finish . The newer recorder I bought was shiny dark brown to match the three other sizes I have . I was quite surprised to see the difference ! It may be that the finished recorders are slightly different , or a matter of individual variation -LRB- plastics are known to vary -RRB- , but I suspect it is most likely Yamaha subtly updated their line . My older Yamaha had a more penetrating and interesting tone -LRB- and the wooden instrument of course in a different league entirely -RRB- , but I really like the new instrument for its very mild upper register . Even hitting the highest F is quite effortless -LRB- that 's overblowing into the * fourth * register in terms of physics ! -RRB- and the volume is only somewhat greater than the center of the range . The breath required is quite small . All of the notes seem to be tuned identically between the two instruments and the notes and typical trill fingerings seem to be well in tune.This makes a good introduction to the instrument for those of you that do not play recorder , and for those of you with fine wooden instruments , this is a good practice instrument to give your best one a break to dry out between sessions . I really like the mild upper range in particular . I hope they are all uniformly like this!Compared to the other sizes only the Yamaha tenor has a better tone quality . That instrument certainly is delicious , particularly in the lower register . The upper register sounds strained . The tenor is very fine overall , but like all instrument families the lower an instrument is built , the less responsive it gets . The tenor is a more difficult instrument in general . And I ca n't stand the fact that the standard trill fingering between high d and e is very out of tune .
 My ten year old fell in love with the recorder so as an incentive to continue doing well - my 14 year old promised to buy him a nicer recorder . This alto recorder is wonderful and he loves it .
 Very high quality . Daughter got this for Xmas ... taking some time to learn since it 's in different key but she loves it .
 Wow !!! This thing is HUGE !! I have long fingers and even still it 's a strech . If you have small fingers , do n't waist your money , you wo n't be able to play it without a small miracle from above . But , it has a richer tone than the soprano ones .
 For the money , this is a great alto recorder , especially for a beginner on recorder like me . This is not the fault of the alto , but the size makes it difficult for my arthritic fingers to easily reach and cover the holes required . I bought a sopranino recorder -LRB- same fingering as the alto -RRB- and the much smaller size makes it easier to reach all the holes . If you have arthritis or small hands , you might want to think about a sopranino or a soprano recorder . I love the sound of the alto , so I 'm hoping that my fingers will limber up when warmer weather arrives and I can resume playing it .
 My husband has decided to play a recorder and bought a cheap one to start out . He loves playing it so I decided to get him a nice one . He loves it and it sounds really nice . Not like the cheap saprano he started with . This has a nice mellow soound to it and sounds great even with a beginer playing it .
 Got it for Christmas and REALLY love this instrument.Clogging can be annoying , since the windway is pretty narrow , but it 's easy to blow it out if you remove the head piece and hold it with your palm over the window.The sound is lovely , and the higher registers could not be easier to hit . I did n't have to struggle at all like I assumed I would.The plastic on the mouthpiece may be a bit soft . My daughter scratched it up a little only playing with it for a few minutes , but it 's barely noticable , and even if I let her keep doing it it 's not going to ruin the sound or anything . Just annoy me a little , haha.It does n't do dynamics really . Low notes are easy to overblow , so make sure you are giving it just the right amount of air.If you want to learn an instrument for fun , this is a nice one . Easy to pick up , though difficult to master . Nice sound . Very inexpensive . And the quality could not be much better .
 It is a well made and easy to play . The tone could have a litter more depth . All and all , pretty nice .
 I purchased this recorder after reading the reviews about it . I have n't played the recorder since childhood , and it came back like riding a bike . This instrument is easy to play and sounds incredible once you master your breath control.I wear L/XL gloves and my hands fit this recorder easily . Condensation build up can be maintained with proper breath control , its plastic so build up will happen regardless . This is well worth the money , you wo n't be disappointed if you purchase this recorder .
 This is a great instrument . When I ordered it on Amazon , as they always do , had some tenor recorder thumb rests in their `` you may be interested in this '' area . I highly recommend that you purchase these as well , they are quite cheap and make playing this instrument much more comfortable .
 Beginner use of this equipment , I am learning to play . I do not have a comparison to provide any firm comparison
 I find that using this really improves how I blow . The more I practice the better feedback I receive about how I handle it and apply pressure to the mouthpiece .
 This Yamaha-302B Alto Recorder Key of F arrived in a timely manor , well packaged . I have yet to play this instrument , but I suspect it will be fine . Reasonably priced .
 This unit puts out a lot of light . It is definitely a pinpoint spot . It does not wash nearly as much as my regular spot bulbs . However , the light has a definite blue tint to it . I 'm not sure how that may affect the color on the video of my performances , but will keep an eye on it .
 Excellent product ; the Yamaha 300 series of recorders are the best quality and finest tone plastic recorders I 've had experience with -LRB- I own the soprano , alto , tenor and bass -RRB- . I would recommend them for anyone at any level.The upper octave is still somewhat shrill and less of a solid tone than the lower octave , but that seems inevitable with plastic sopranos -LRB- I have not had the opportunity to try many wooden , so I do not know if it applies there , as well -RRB- .
 -LSB- Note
 Note that the YRS-312B III is a resin recorder with the maplewood finish . It comes in a cool green canvas bag and with a fingering chart with a little container of recorder cream and a plastic cleaning rod . Good price for an instrument if you want to learn how to play . It is quite portable as well .
 Excellent recorder . Far superior to the other plastic recorders I am familiar with . I highly recommend this recorder to anyone who contemplates getting into recorder-type music big-time .
 I have occasionally played recorder for years , and recently bought one of these -LRB- and a matching alto -RRB- - rich and sweet tone . The rosewood finish makes it a very attractive instrument , and overall is a great value .
 I have been playing the recorder for many years . For just a few dollars more than the cheap beginner 's models , you can get this very nice Yamaha YRS-312B . The sound is pure and sweet . However the low C and D have a slight `` purr '' when played . My daughter loves the character the `` purr '' gives to the instrument.It is also perfectly matched in pitch with the YRS-302B .
 A good quality recorder , the Yamaha name assures you of a well-made product , at a very reasonable price . A very good value .
 Had a pear wood entry level Sopranino for years and was never satisfied with its intonation . The first position hole on the Yamaha is a single large hole so rolling the finger is required to get the halftone , but with the close finger positions of a Sopranino it is placed over to the right and makes fingering a delight .
 Bought 5 red and 5 green for Christmas landscape lighting.Just drop them on your Par36 landscape lights and yourdone .
 I actually bought this red lens to convert a bright white bike headlight into a tail light for my wife . You ca n't really get super bright tail lights but this lens helped me sort of invent a new product that my wife uses when she rides at night and she loves it . The quality is very high , the plastic is tough , you can bend it more than in half and it does n't crack . The finish and circularity are all top quality , too .
 It looks great but I have n't had time to install it yet . Instructions are available on other sites for installation so no problemo !
 Purchased this for a fun party decoration - attached it to a utility clip light to give a pink glow to the room . Material was of good quality , consistent color and was exactly what I was expecting !
 I bought this as an alternative for an Irish penny whistle , and was extremely pleased with the tone , user-friendliness , and price .
 I bought an inexpensive -LRB- read cheap -RRB- Sopranino Recorder some time ago and could never get the upper register of notes to work right . This one works . I actually enjoy playing it rather than feel that it is a needed chore .
 The reviewer who complained about the pitch of this instrument is a little like the guy who complains about service at Denny 's . If you want a real `` professional '' sopranino get a Moeck . Otherwise this little Yamaha is fine , with decent pitch and very loud . Great for covering fife and piccolo parts . There 's also some very beautiful music by Vivaldi written especially for the instrument .
 As has been pointed out by the other reviewers , this is just short of a professional instrument . No , Bernard Krainis would not play this instrument , but then , Julian Bream would not play a Fender guitar , either . For the price and what it is , this is a very nice little instrument , though . It is superior to the somewhat cheaper versions of Yamaha plastic sopranino recorder , the YRN-22B , in that this has a somewhat mellower sound . Let 's face it , though , sopranino recorder is somewhat shrill , even if it 's a $ 400 version . For the money , you ca n't beat this little instrument . If you want a professional version , then spend the money on a cherry wood sopranino or buy one in a $ 500 set . For what is it , this is a sweet instrument .
 This sopranino recorder is a legitimate musical instrument despite the fact that it is priced as if it were just a toy . The tone is really rather impressive with an accurately intoned and complex sounding lower end and a ringing and brilliant high end . Overall I 'm very impressed , and not just because of the price . It can stand in comparison to a wooden instrument , but a wooden instrument would definitely sound more rounded and resonant-but thats what you get by spending upwards of 1000 % more . Also there 's the added benefit of not having to care meticulously for it.Any complaints about intonation are really poorly founded . A wind instrument of any sort -LRB- at least that I 'm aware of -RRB- will never play perfectly on pitch when you simply blow any stream of air through it . Its always possible to be a little flat and more likely a little sharp even on a blockflute type instrument like a recorder . That said , a good instrument will limit the discrepancy by which you can be sharp or flat and still produce a sound , and this recorder does that quite well . You do have to wield it with a good sense of control , but after getting your feel for the instrument down , that should come quite naturally . This instrument is worthy enough to be recorded or performed with other A = 440 instruments and sounds.Any one who likes playing recorder should definitely pick this one up . It 's cheap , more portable than a soprano , very fun to play , and definitely worthwhile for anyone with a serious musical intent . This is the smallest size recorder that can be easy played by someone familiar with the larger sizes . The garklein really is a pain in the ear and a pain in the a $ $ , but still fun for a gag . The finger spacing on a sopranino should be comfortable with average sized hands or less , and workeable so long as you are not Shaq or Andre the giant . Yamaha products have always struck me as quality and trustworthy and this recorder is no exception .
 This was a nice instrument that I needed in a hurry for a concert . It did require a little overblowing to hit some of the notes , but I managed to make it work . It was a nice sound for a `` plastic '' and a `` Sopranino '' . It did the trick for the short notice that I had .
 I have the Soprano and Alto recorders in the Yamaha 300 series and this is another great instrument . Forget what the above comment says . The sound is clear and lovely . I advise you to buy it . It 's worth the money .
 As someone used to the alto , I found the finger-spacing surprisingly easy to adapt to . The size is n't really an impediment at all . Actually my tenor took longer to get used to . What was very different for me was the very careful blowing pressure needed to eek out the sweetest notes . This did not take terribly long and became natural after a while , at least in the lower register . I need to work on the second octave notes still . Highly recommended ! The sound is very bright and `` piping . `` I would also try learning Vivaldi 's 3 concertos for this instrument -- RV 443 , 444 , and 445 -- the slow movements at least are not too difficult although they use overblown notes extensively . The lower register of recorders in those days was often rather weak , so Baroque recorder music tends to stay away from the lower few notes most of the time and utilize the upper register more . This music is public domain of course and sheet music is available at IMSLP.An update
 I wanted to add to my arsenal of recorders and opted to go for a sopranino . This is not a bad little instrument . The tone , especially on the lower register , is quite clear . The upper few notes , at the top of the instruments range , are of necessity a bit shrill - this is a sopranino after all . This is probably not the recorder to buy for your first or only recorder , but if you are looking to add to your recorder collection , this can be a nice addition . The small size makes it rather convenient to stash in a briefcase , backpack , or purse to have something available to play whenever . There are some works intended for the sopranino , and playing works for the alto an octave higher puts a different sound to them.To my ears , there are no noticeable problems with intonation and the notes speak reasonably well . There can be some issues adapting to the small size and close spacing of the fingerholes , especially when switching back and forth between different sized instruments , but I find after a few minutes , this is no problem.I would recommend this to anyone looking for a recorder of this size who does n't want to spend big bucks for a high end wooden model .
 Once I became accustomed to the little teeny spacing , I decided that this was the coolest thing I 've bought all week . The notes are clear -LRB- and piercing ! -RRB- , and the tone is very nice . I especially like the lower register -LRB- `` low '' being a relative term ! -RRB- . Buy with confidence and have fun . Shipping was very quick .
 Good value for the price , but the paper is very thin and almost see through . Had several songs I could n't find elsewhere .
 Excellent product ; the Yamaha 300 series of recorders are the best quality and finest tone plastic recorders I 've had experience with -LRB- I own the soprano , alto , tenor and bass -RRB- . A very rich and solid tone in this one compared to other brands I have tried , particularly in the upper octave . I would recommend them for anyone at any level -LRB- particularly with the excellent deals you can get for them online , it is a worthwhile purchase for even a beginner -RRB- . I have owned mine for ~ 1 and 1/2 years -LRB- my sister has owned one for ~ 7 -RRB- and used it in a series of recorder quartets for the holidays -LRB- some of which we recorded , and the tone was more than sufficient for that -RRB- . The one caveat is that the mouthpiece tends to become clogged after longer periods of playing -LRB- though this happens to some degree in all the recorders I 've played , barring soprano -RRB- .
 As a middle aged adult , I wanted something that I could learn to read music with . I needed an instrument that was neither some child 's beginner toy , nor some pricey professional grade tool that might not get much use from me . After a few false starts , I bought this Yamaha Alto Recorder and am immensely pleased not only with how easy it 's made the learning curve , but with the mellow sounds it produces . Unlike the soprano version , which I also have , that is much cheaper , the Alto version is richer , mellower and much easier to listen to whether one is practicing on it or listening to someone else practice on it . Highly recommended . Easy to learn . Easy to clean . Easy to travel with .
 simulated redwood finish is beautiful . plays smoothly with nice tone quality .
 This recorder uses the Baroque -LRB- not German -RRB- Fingering convention widely used in most countries esp the commonwealth . +
 Very good sound quality . This is not a concert graded instrument but it 's not priced like one either . I can hit the high notes and low notes easily and I am no expert . The previous recorder I used was my son 's soprano by Angel left over from school class . -LRB- does every 4th grader has a recorder ? how many of those gets trashed after the school year ? -RRB- Spent around 30 hours on youtube and following the finger chart the recorder is quickly becoming one of my favorite instrument.Compliant
 I have the Yamaha alto recorder that is n't rosewood looking , so I bought this one because the price is n't bad and it 's fun to play duets and such . This recorder is amazing ! The looks alone are worth the few extra dollars ! The sound is probably the exact same as the other one , but I love how it looks and feels so much that I play better when I 'm playing it . This is a must-have for any recorder enthusiast !
 I just got this recorder in the post and already I love it ! The picture on this page does it no justice at all . I have an Aulos 211A tenor and 205A soprano recorder already but was curious about Yamaha instruments . So I decided to buy this alto recorder because it is said to be one of the best plastic recorders . The look and feel of it is beautiful because of the simulated rosewood finish . The sound is very rich , loud , mellow and easy to play . As a beginner , I kind of regret not buying this recorder first because I already started learning the fingering for the C recorders . I want to keep learning the C fingering but I just want to play this recorder right now . My Aulos recorders have a nice clean , clear sound and pleasing design but this is nicer . Beautiful instruments that sound and look good make you want to play them even more . I only wish Yamaha could get with the programme and include adjustable thumb rests .
 As a beginner I got a lot of squeeks out of it and put a lot of spit into it . Then I asked an advanced recorder player to test it . Results , no squeeks and beautiful sound . After some practice and the help of a good book on recorders , this recorder started sounding much better when I put my lips to it . Breath control and the proper closing or half closing the holes is the key to success , and not the recorder .
 If you listen to people playing this model alto on videos , you can tell how beautiful they are , often sounding better than the $ 600 recorders they compare them to . It does n't take much wind to play this thing . Although not as bad as a tenor , someone with small hands might have a problem with the stretch required . Like most alto recorders , this has a very soft tone . It is pitched in F , so reading music is not like for a C instrument . I chose the alto over a tenor because I just loved the sound -- so recorder like.Mind arrived with some small cosmetic boogers , and sometimes Yamaha products are flawless like my $ 7 Yamaha fife . On mine , one of the ivory plastic rings is discolored with brown from the finish , but it is very slight . You wo n't notice it unless you 're looking closely . There 's one model of the ebony that is in this series , that has a more pronounced grain pattern , which is probably a little cooler than this one . What 's nice about any model with the wood grain finish is , it feels good in your hands . Any 300 series will sound the same.Also , if you download the Yamaha recorder brochure , this recorder is the YRA 312B III . When I ordered it , I wondered if it was the III , the most recent model and it is . It fills up with spit easily . You have to suck it back . I 've read where the Angel alto is better in that respect , less clogging . However , this sounds so good.The canvas case is nice , with cleverly designed end cap covers , for keeping it in a caseLastly , for people who look over their instruments inside and out , I found a design feature inside the mouthpiece that startled me when I saw it . I thought it was some kind of bubble or defect at first . If you look inside the mouthpiece , from the barrel end with the whistle -LRB- labium -RRB- facing a window , you can see a small indentation on the right -LRB- 9 o'clock -RRB- , as the interior curves up to the beak . Do n't let it bother you . It 's a design element , to give wind resistance .
 I 'm just a beginner musician at 55 , but I have learnt enough to know a very nicely sounding recorder & my music tutor also thinks it sounds great for what it is.I received it before the estimated time & it was more then I hoped for . I have bought from this seller before & have been happy with the product & service both times .
 Initially , I purchased the Yamaha Alto 302B and the Yamaha Soprano 302B Recorders . When they arrived , I was disappointed in the sound and terribly disappointed with how quickly they clogged . I put them away and bought an Aulos Alto 709BW and Aulos Soprano 703BW Recorder with the simulated woodgrain finish as I had been told they were superior instruments . They are , indeed , wonderful recorders , I am pleased with the sound of them and they do not clog easily . Then , I had the opportunity to get a used Yamaha Alto 312B at a decent price . When it arrived , I was stunned at the beauty of the simulated rosewood finish . And the feel of it in my hand was glorious , both the tactile nature of the finish , as well as the weight and design . Then , I played it and my satisfaction was complete - no clogging and the voice of the recorder is pure , mellow , with a reedy tone that is most pleasing to the ear . Playing the instrument is a joy as it is very responsive and dynamic . I had read that the simulated woodgrain versions were better . all around , over the 302B version - though they are supposed to be identical . Had I not experienced the difference myself , I would not have believed the claims . To anyone questioning paying the added price for the simulated woodgrain models , do not hesitate , if you can afford it . I have gone ahead and ordered a new Yamaha Soprano 312B from Amazon . Personally , I strongly prefer the Yamaha 312B Recorders to the Aulos 709BW Recorders , though I do enjoy the Aulos Recorders .
 The Yamaha Alto recorder sounds beautiful , and it looks as good as it sounds . The only criticism is it does n't come with a thumb rest , other than that it 's a great recorder .
 I do n't know why this model is listed under two different entries . Please see my review under the simulated rosewood alto Yamaha 300 series recorder .
 This is a great product . Well-made , holds items securely -LRB- in my case to a microphone stand -RRB- , and easy to set up . Amazon has by far the best price and delivery options . I 'll definitely buy Gibraltar in the future .
 I play a Gibson ES-335 and these strings have made my playing much more enjoyable . A nice tone a Gibson semi-hollowbody deserves yet you can still put some bend to them . A perfect flatwound for anyone into the whole flatwound thing . Not recommended for anyone looking for a die hard rock sound .
 I love these strings . I 've tried the more expensive imported brands of flatwounds and found the tone to be good but too warm/mellow for my tastes . These are readily available , affordable , and have great long lasting tone . The guages are a bit heavier than most strings but still feel great because they are very polished -LRB- chromed -RRB- . The tone is also brighter and rounder than most flatwounds I 've played . Great for jazz , surf , and British Invasion sounds .
 D'addario CHROMES always had excellent reviews and I wanted to try a set for newly aquired Jazz guitar.Upon installing the first string - IT BROKE . To tell you the truth the metal had sub-par look & feel to it as ifsomething was n't right . Although I find AMAZON customer service staff to be EXCELLENT and I know thisfor a fact because they have helped me with issues in the past - BUT this time I went directly toD ` Addario and I am pleased to say they take customer service very seriously as well and replacedthe strings without question . Hope my reviews helped . Best Regards - the WebbMan
 I play lead in a group , using a Epiphone DOT.Since switching to flats , the playing is now much more pleasurable . The best part is the absence of the annoying squeak as the fingers slide along the string . I play lead , so very often the slide is used , and the accompanying squeak is irritating and annoying.Thus far the strings have remained firm and not become muddy.Highly recommend this , but of course it may not be suitable for all playing styles . YMMV
 These strings are excellent for an archtop jazz guitar amplified or not . I have tried them all and find these the best for tone and playability .
 The First Act guitar strings is a good product for the money , I hate spending 15 , 20 or even 25 buckson guitar strings when the sound quality isint that much different than 25 $ strings and as a musiciani change my strings frequently so spending less is always smarter in my opinion unless your a die-hardfan of some other brand . For the price and sound quality First Act Acoustic/Electric guitar stringsis the best bang for your buck !
 These strings have a nice tone and sustain , they are a bit uncomfortable , but you get used to them after a while .
 After a string broke on my son 's guitar , I decided to buy the whole set and be ` set &#34; for a while . Took a while to get to me , but hurricane Sandy happened during this time , so I ca n't say what caused the delay . Packaged well , seem to be reasonable quality .
 They have been the strings I have used for 30 years . They are they best .
 Contrarily to what has already been written , on my jazz/blues boxes -LRB- gibson es-137 , es-333 , and tele thinline with p-90 's -RRB- these strings can make a tremendous difference in the tone and precision of your playing . With this caveat
 It depends on your Guitar , and the type of playing you do , but these strings do n't seem to have the sustain that I like . I had been using Round Wound strings of the same diameter when I experimented with the Flat wounds . I 'm in the process of setting the bridge Intonation for a better sound using these strings . Only time will tell .
 Overall , I like this box a lot and recommend it . It 's way lighter and smaller than my old box -LRB- an old wooden Gemini 10U top/8U front -RRB- so I can now carry my system around by myself . Case is strong , not flimsy at all , and easy to carry . I have a Gemini Mixer and Numark D2 Director in the top and a 1U Gemini Power conditioner in the front and a USB sound card under that.I just wish it had a 10U top so I could access my mixer ports more easily during a show . With an 8U top and not much space behind the opening , it is REALLY tight back there for my cords . I had to drill a hole to be able to access the 1/4 in mic jack in the back of the mixer more easily . If not make it a 10U top case , at least expand it in the back by another 1 '' or 2 '' beyond the opening to leave more space for the cables.Also , I like having cable exits in the sides of my case . This one has the cable exit at the bottom of the removable panel , which works fine , but I added a side port myself on each side . But that 's a personal thing , no complaint.Finally , I 'd love to see a hard shell hinged squared off top added to the box to make it easier to pack and keep it better protected in transit . The `` soft '' top is ok , but I I 'm not sure how long it will last . It 's well constructed and all and reinforced with cardboard or thin wood -LRB- I forget -RRB- so it does add some protection , but in the end it 's a `` soft '' top , not to mention it 's slanted , so not so good for stacking anything on top of it , which I suppose is for the best .
 It fits all my needs and not to heavy to walk with everything fits great one of the best cases i ever had
 Got the case with no other packaging besides the product box . Like other reviews said the amp does n't fit in very easy . But other then that its very nice .
 its molded plastic but that makes it light ... i holds my mixer , crossover and power strip.one word of caution , my amp barely fit and i couldnt get my speakon connectors to go on when it was in ...
 nice case , light , easy to carry , not made to be bounced around , handle with care only has nylon cover , good price only with free shipping
 For the first time or novice DJ this SKB case is compact which makes it ideal , it takes up little space and is light weight when fully outfitted with DJ gear . Happy to recommend !
 EXTREMELY FAST SERVICES , AND RESPONSE , GOT PRODUCT 2 DAYS AFTER ORDER , SHIPPING WAS INCLUDE ON PRICE , GREAT QUALITY PRODUCT , VERY HAPPY .
 I 've written my first set of guitar compositions worth keeping with this capo at the age of 45 . I even performed one to an audience at the Alderwood Mall near Seattle and one at my Mom 's funeral as a proper tribute in 2006 . Godspeed Mom ! I 'm getting another since I lost the first . I usually use it on the 3rd , 4th , and 5th strings -LRB- though you can flip it and use it on the 2nd , 3rd , and 4th -RRB- . You can even use it in tandem with another capo or two . It releases your inner creativity ...
 This is not a shortcut to alternate tuning . But it gives you the best of both alternate tuning and standard chord shapes that you already know . It is an awesome little capo that adds a lot of color to arrangements . It is a great purchase , well worth the price . Experiment and have fun !
 I have this and the Kyser partial capo . The Shubb takes up less space and the guitar stays in tune.The Kyser tends to pull the strings out of tune . Hard to break this capo so it should last at least 234.6 years or until you die . What ever comes first.Using this capo on the on the bottom strings , 2nd fret , gives a pseudo DADGAD tuning .
 This is one of the best and most revolutionary inventions to come along in a really long time . The workmanship is supurb -LRB- as with all Shubb things -RRB- . I have one in my guitar case , one on my guitar and one in my pocket . I love to introduce it to others -- if they were less expensive I 'd probably give them away . No they do not produce true alternative tunings -- but it is the next best thing .
 Being able to set the amount of pressure the capo puts on your strings is invaluable . Some of the one handed capos put so much pressure as to push the strings out of their normal position . The shubb requires both hands to place the capo but pushes the strings straight down , not affecting the intonation . I think the Shubb wins -LRB- both hands down -RRB-
 If you have n't explored the world of cut capos yet , you simply must try it . When you do , get a Shubb . I 've played with both this Shubb and with the Kyser spring-clamp capo . I prefer Kysers for full capos because they 're quick to put on and can be stored on the headstock easily . But when it comes to versatility with a cut capo the Shubb ca n't be beat . This capo is very compact and the bevel on the rubber makes fingering the adjacent string possible , while the Kyser extends much further and blocks access to the adjacent string . I just hang my Shubb on my music stand to keep it handy , and it does n't take very long to put it on the neck either .
 This is the best partial capo that I have found . It is superior to the easier to use Kyser , particularly if you use the partial capo on the higher frets . The Shubb locking mechanism holds the capo securely in place as the neck thickens in the upper register . The Kyser wants to slip as you approach the dovetail . I am happy that I purchased this capo and consider it a must-have for players serious about alternate capo techniques .
 if i were still giving guitar lessons , i would insist that a new player purchase one of these capos ; barring is most difficult for even experienced guitarists , & the partial capo , especially the well-designed shubb , can turn a non player into someone who can make music virtually over night ; anyone who has used this device knows how versatile it is & how much music can be generated with amazing ease ; i 'd give the shubb partial capo a 10 on a 10 scale every day of the week !!
 I 've always been a fan of using a capo to change the voice of my guitar -LRB- s -RRB- , so when I read that you could use a six string capo , to cover just five strings , I gave it a go . Well I never ! It totally transformed the voicings yet again . It would seem the variations are without end!On further reading , I discovered the partial capo . After the success I had with the normal capo , it did not take me long to decide to buy one . WOW!Yet another transformation ! Who would have thought ; that after 43 years , I would be making such discoveries?Incidentally , this particular -LRB- drop-D -RRB- model can be adapted to cover three strings of four , further increasing the variations available.I wish you all the best on your never-ending journey !
 This little capo has opened the floodgates of creativity in my guitar intstrumental writing ... it `` simulates '' open tuning but it 's different ... I have become so fond of this capo that I have 3 of them -LRB- one for each guitar -RRB- and would n't want to be without one ... besides that , all Shubb capos are durable , easy to use and long lasting ... good design keeps it small and not in the way ... I particularly like the easy adjustment to get just the right tension on the strings ... I used to use other capos but in the last 2 years , I have come to use Shubb capos almost exclusively ...
 I ordered my husband the beginner iPlayMusic bundle , and from a complete beginner he has now mastered most of the cords.The instruction is very simple to understand and copy , as it is done in bite sized sections.He is ready to move on to level 2 .
 I bought this package for my son , who is now doing a beginner 's guitar course . He was able to tune the guitar by himself using the tuner included in the package . There was a little problem with the strings cutting , but replacements came with it . I bought my sons lots of musical instruments over the years , this is the first one they are still using every day .
 This guitar has a great sound and a beautifully straight neck ! Glad i bought this !!
 Extra hard tension strings are really nice , they have a powerful sound , are n't much more difficult to play than soft strings , and are a lot louder.Make sure you have a strong enough guitar . If you have an antique , I would stay with soft tension , but any modern guitar should be able to handle these .
 I bought the book for my 9-year-old grandson . He loves Johnny Cash and now he can listen to his cd 's and sing along , now that he has the words . He is also trying to learn to play the guitar , so with this book he can learn the songs he loves . The book came pretty quickly and in excellant condition . I would most definately buy from this seller in the future .
 I have used a few different Bass strings over the years just to try the &#34; Newest Better Thing &#34; . Some were good , Ok , whatever . None stay as clean sounding as long as D'addario Round Wounds . Definately the Best out there .
 Ok , there are MANY software for recording audio and now with DVD there are a lot of CONFUSING and ` go to University '' type software to burn DVDs . Stomp 's record Now Max Platinum can not be simpler , effective and to the point than this . Any BLIND person can use this product . IT IS THAT SIMPLE . Talk about true click and burn , well here it is , in one package . Sit down Roxio and Nero , there is a new kid on the block , Record Now Max Platinum . Now , that 's what Burning is all about . Delete the others , buy this product !!
 I previously used EasyCD Creator as well as the bundled software that came with the Sony CDRW drive I recently purchased . The ease of use with RecordNow is substantially better than either of those . I purchased it because it rated much higher in software testing . I have not been disappointed in any way . Highly recommended .
 Do you still have your recordnow software?Can you tell me what version it was or is -LRB- 4.5 , 4.6 , 4.61 -RRB- ... Would you be willing to sell it , or sell a copy of the installation cd , since this product is no longer manufactured.The newest sonic , is horrible . Everything after 4.6 was a mess .
 I initially came across a derivative of this software shipped with a new DVD writer from HP . Prior to that I had always usedEasy CD platinum as it better suited me for most of my options . I burn a great deal of photography and video to CD/DVD and had had problems using Nero to obtain compatible DVD and VCD file formats.Record Now however is simple to use and has a good interface that handles most of your needs with one mouse click . I particularly like the ability to erase RW drives or format them there at the same time . On the left of the interface an icon clearly depicts which drive you are selecting or using at that time -LRB- I have both DVD and CDRW drives -RRB- I tend to write at a slower speed that the max available for the drive and I have had very few failed disks . The software seems to be in harmony with the drive.In the older versions i had problems with the drive locking up due to DLA -LRB- direct letter access -RRB- facilities conflicting with the drive . I am convinced however that this was more of a HP issue as they were using a variant of the original product.Pleased with the basic concept of the software , I purchased the platinum edition almost immediately and removed the HP software from my machine . Surprise Surprise the problems went away and I recommend this product
 Easy CD Creator would not work on my system . I uninstalled and reinstalled the blasted thing and it still would not make my CD burner burn . So I installed this product called RecordNow Max . It worked the first time . Now I 'm burning my own CD 's like a madman . Very good product .
 This book is great for beginners . This is what the school wanted . It was so much easier to order it online than try to find it in a music store .
 I recently bought these to put on an old Ibanez acoustic guitar I bought way back in 1994 . Immediately it began playing better than it ever did ! Half the battle is keeping your guitar in tune and these will do the trick . Whether you buy the 18:1 or the 14:1 ratio Grovers , you wo n't regret it .
 I bent a tuner on my recent release Gibson Melody Maker . The Melody Maker is a smallish , thin bodied guitar with a teeny skinny headstock.I ordered a set of Grover 10218C tuners instead of hunting down an exact replacement for the open gear `` budget '' tuners . I 'm not knocking the historical tribute to the original tuners that came on a Melody Maker . They did work . The whole concept of a Melody Maker was budget . Adequate tuners were all that was necessary or even logical in the original design . I just bent one pretty badly . What the heck . A set of Grovers looks right.Man ! The added weight at the headstock really changed the tone of my Melody Maker !! You would n't think it but it made a heck of an improvement in tone and response of the guitar !! A very real difference.I guess it 's the same logic behind those old FatFinger clamp-on weights for the headstock that were marketed by Aspen Pittman and Groove Tubes for a while . Guy -LRB- and gals -RRB- , it works . The Grovers are relatively cheap , pretty easy to do , and make your light weight guitar sound better .
 I had been researching different tuners before i made a buy . These are the perfect build and weight IMO . They balance out my LP and keep it in tune . Would definitely buy again for other guitars .
 These tuning machines are great.They are a little heavier than the stock tuners on my guitars but they help keep your guitar in tune as intended.I needed the tuners replaced on an Applause -LRB- Ovation copy -RRB- guitar -LRB- the bushings fell out of one of the tuners and it became really floppy and refused to stay in tune -RRB- and a Washburn guitar . They fit on my Washburn and my Applause perfectly with zero need to ream or drill.The tuner hole size is .391 or 25/64 and of course if your hole size is smaller you must either use a drill or tuner reamer -LRB- yes a tuner reamer is a real tool just look at a place like Stewart MacDonald -RRB- . You may be required to pre-drill for the screws that go through the back of the tuner.It is only one hole and very small.The vendor was quick in sending these tuners but there was no way to trace the package and it became difficult to receive it due to the fact it had to be signed for.The run around at the post office of getting it re-sent was ridiculous.The vendor should try to provide a tracking number so customers can avoid all of the back and forth and have an estimate as to when the package will arrive .
 I received these tuners from B&G Music Associates . I would definitely recommend this seller . I received my order earlier than anticipated . The item was new and in original packaging , as advertised . The tuners , of course speak for themselves . If you have stock tuners that are NOT stamped GROVER 18:1 , do yourself a favor and upgrade to these . They are a piece of cake to install , and make an immediate impact on your ability to stay in tune , and because they add weight to the headstock , they make an immediate positive impact on tone . Not a BIG difference but a noticable difference if you are paying attention to tone .
 MUCH better tuners than what came stock on my guitar . Very sturdy . Little gear backlash . The 18:1 ratio makes tuning easier . Guitar stays in tune better . Great product . I 'm going to put them on my other guitars , too .
 I placed these on my usa made ovation baladeer . Stays in tune well and does a better job than the stock Ping tuners . This is the industry standard and you wont be disqppointed . To those who say it doesnt stay in tune should have their guitar 's bridge checked as flaws in the bridge can cause problems in tuning .
 I ca n't say enough good things about these tuners . I have a Sunlite GW-1150 , which came with 12:1 ratio Chinese copies of Grovers , and they were very anoying to use . The action was irregular and you often over-shot the mark and had to back off and try again . The 18:1 Grovers are a dream come true ... the action is very smooth and precisely linear ... you come up on the desired pitch and stop on it perfectly every time . It makes tuning a breeze , and the finer ratio is also really helpful . In addition , the tuners were a perfect drop-in replacement on my guitar , and only took me about 15 minutes to install , not counting re-stringing . Another thing is that the tuners can be very nicely adjusted for the resistance of turning them . There is also a very helpful mechanical drawing on the Grover website so you can make sure exactly how they will fit , before you order them . I love these tuners ... they are superb quality .
 The perfect replacement for Takemine machine heads . The fit was exact including screw hole alignment . Hard to beat Grover products and the price was very good . I would buy again .
 I bought these tuners on Amazon through B & G Music Associates . They were easy to install . I replaced my stock tuners on a 335-style guitar . These Rotomatics have a good weight , and they definitely hold tuning well , with no little skips -- very smooth.I liked them so much that when I bought another guitar and the g-string went out on stage , I did n't even think and ordered these Rotomatics again . When they arrived , I thought they looked similar to the Grovers I had on the guitar . I contacted B & G , and they were cool about a return . Still , I thought all Grovers are n't equal . I swapped in the Rotos , and they are far better than the stock Grovers I got on the other guitar.I hope that makes sense . They 're good tuners . B & G were easy to deal with . If you have Grovers and your G string is going out of tune and you are n't beating up sheep with your guitar or something , you probably do n't have these Grovers . Also , you probably should n't beat up sheep with guitars . If you 're someone who does that .
 These things are heavy duty and thick . The stock ones they replaced are so wimpy next to these things . Quality devices .
 These Grover 18:1 Rotomatics dropped in my 1990 Gibson SG Special -LRB- 3 knob version -RRB- with absolutely no modifications , routing , or reaming . The guitar originally had the typical Kluson &#34; Deluxe &#34; tuners . Installation was simple with a screwdriver and small wrench . Eazy breezy . It took 20 minutes.The stock Gibson Kluson tuners were terrible -LRB- always losing tune -RRB- , and I love Grovers . So , it &#8217; s no surprise I &#8217; m happy with these . However , as some other buyers have noted , these Grovers changed the tone and playability of my SG dramatically &#8211; and for the better . The guitar is now noticeably punchier and more musical . What a pleasant surprise ! I &#8217; m kind of blown away by it.All that said , these are a bit heavier than Kluson tuners , so beware that your guitar neck will be heavier than before . But I feel it &#8217; s totally worth it.I bought these here on Amazon and the seller delivered them quickly . Price was great too . Thanks ! I couldn &#8217; t be happier with this purchase .
 Best addition to my acoustic Tak.Only one other review mentioned the 25/64 holes needed . I would only be echoing everything else he wrote so , I 'll just say : Looks better , sounds better , & it 's even weighted better.Any brand of anything can say they are the best in the world . In this case , it would be true .
 Dropped my guitar at a gig and broke a tuner . Called Taylor Guitar and they recommended these replacements . Good price , fast service , had my guitar for next weekend gig .
 I installed these on my Gibson Les Paul about 6 months ago.They are easy to install.If you know how to replace strings and can turn a screw driver you can install these yourself .
 Put a set of these on my Rogue Grand Concert , now the guitar stays in tune beautifully ! Worth every penny !
 this is my 4th or 5th set of Grover tuners ... not all on the same guitar . Would n't buy any other . They have it right .
 This is a fantastic tuner for the cello and practicing your intonation . If you buy it , I would also recommend buying the optionalKorg CM-100L Clip On Contact Microphone For Tunerssince it will allow you to use the sound-back feature , which is very useful for practicing intonation . This is how it works
 This tuner is very accurate.But it would be even better if it has metronome too .
 I always had a hard time getting the higher guitar strings just right with cheaper tuners . But , this one gets them in tune so that I can play in the keys of E and G without needing to tweak the strings . Worth the extra money .
 This item works exactly as advertised . It is well constructed at a good value for the price . I use it to check tuning on a Steinway and it gives reliable results . I recommend this unit as a good value and good performance .
 Item works great . It became so easy to tune string instruments when I understood pitches and notes in frequencies . It is a little bit too sensitive so there is a small error margin but it is so small . My approach is to get the tuning from youtube video and tune my instrument in the same pitch and note . With sensor and without sensor can sometimes shift the actual frequency .
 Good tuner . Works on everything I 've tried , including acoustic bass , hammered dulcimer , flute , sax , banjo . Adjustable response is a plus . A clip-on pickup helps a lot , not included .
 The Korg OT-120 is the perfect tuner and everyone should have one . The tuner comes with its own case that can be fastened to a belt -- Ha-ha I will not be using that belt strap feature ! Furthermore , the tuner is large compared to digital models , but the experience this product provides makes up for its size . The display is very easy to read with a white and orange panel . Like most tuners , one can set the caliper and also it has a note playback feature . It plays a concert pitch and one can play along and hear the waves . This helps build listening skills and intonation . Finally , a nice feature of this product , though I have not used this feature much , is that it has a transposition button . One can set the tuner to the key of their instrument and the tuner will read in that key . This will be helpful to those younger musicians not familiar with concert pitch . The Korg OT-120 is highly recommended by me and many musicians .
 The Korg OT-120 tuner is an excellent tuner for all band instruments . It picks up the sound of the instruments easily , even with some background noise , and delivers an accurate reading very quickly . It is easy to see the real needle and the pitch playing feature works nicely , although it is not quite as loud as my old Korg tuner . This has made the Korg tuner ideal for my concert bands , jazz bands and individual trumpet lessons . Get a great deal from Amazon !
 I 'm a professional musician and collage teacher who uses a tuner for myself and with students . My favorite features about this tuner are the quick and accurate response time , as well as the ability to hook a pickup , play and hear an in-tune version of the note I 'm playing . It 's great for helping students develop their ears , while still have the tuning meter to confirm they 're in tune.I have n't yet used the different tuning systems -- Pythagorean , mean tone , etc. , but plan to experiment with them in the future .
 The Korg OT-120 is a very competent and functional tuner at a reasonable price . It is very easy to use . Less than 15 minutes after first opening the package I had tuned one rank of my 61 note harpsichord to Werckmeister III at Baroque pitch , and I was immediately pleased with the results.I had been using a Boss TU-12H , which can only do equal temperament and does not allow for changing of the base pitch . Aside from those limitations , I can now hear that it was also never very accurate . Even after meticulously tuning every string , I often found my instrument still sounded quite harsh . I always had trouble with the Boss TU-12H 's needle going wild and never really settling in on a clear reading , so I often had to rely on my ear -LRB- which is still not very good -RRB- , often resulting in an inconsistent tuning.After tuning with the Korg OT-120 , there was a significant improvement . I never realized my harpsichord -LRB- which is a budget model -RRB- could sound this good . The Korg OT-120 's needle is much more stable , usually centering on a reading very quickly , though somewhat slowly for the lowest notes . I did have some trouble getting a response on the three or four highest notes on my keyboard , but on my instrument they are pretty quiet , so that is most likely the reason -LRB- rather than just the highness of the pitch itself -RRB- . The display is good and easy to read considering the size , and I like that the back lighting can be turned on or off as you need it , to help conserve battery life . It 's nice that it comes with a case , but it must be completely removed from the case to use it.I purchased it with the optional CM-100L contact microphone , but found that there were n't a lot of places to connect it on my instrument that worked well , at least for all the notes . I ended up moving it about three times , but it did seem to increase the accuracy overall , so I do think it was worth it . Unfortunately the mic does n't fit inside the case with the tuner -LRB- unless you really want to jam it in there -RRB- . All in all , the Korg OT-120 exceeded my expectations and was very much worth the price . I would recommend this tuner to anyone who wants a versatile , easy to use and reasonably priced tuner for a harpsichord or any other classical instrument .
 The Korg OT-120 is far the best tuner that I have owned . The built-in mic picks up every note that I play in a snap . Plus , it can playback each note in the correct octave that I need . The only cons that I can see from my first trial run is that the sound playback volume has only two settings , not so loud and a little louder , and the size itself . This tuner is no pocket-size product . The Korg OT-120 is the best tuner that I have bought that will pick up my instrument -LRB- bassoon -RRB- without hesitation . So far the best !
 This is near the high-end of portable tuners available . Even at $ 76 -LRB- plus shipping -RRB- , which is a significant discount from the in-store retail price , it 's pretty expensive for a tuner . I 'm an old-school kind of girl , though , and I like the red analog needle meter . Analog tuners of this type are harder to find nowadays . The OT-120 is fully adjustable with calibration , transposition and volume controls for an audible pitch . There is a line-in for those capable of attaching amplifiers to their instruments , such as guitar or violin . Full-range detection from C0 to C8 makes it possible to tune even a contra-bassoon , which I only get to play every few years . With an LCD display showing calibration , pitch and octave , my students will know if they are in the right octave without looking at me for the stink-eye . I can even adjust the speed of the needle reaction time , so I can tune my reed crows . You can plug it into the wall with a DC adapter for those days when your reed simply will not settle in , but it is not included
 I 'm a high school band director and I 've been teaching for about 3 years and playing trombone for about 15 . This tuner is incredibly responsive for such a small model , I like the fact that you can select different speeds for the needle response . The combo needle/digital display is unique and very useful . I use this to tune ensembles as well as for personal tuning on trombone , euphonium , bass and acoustic guitar and it picks up all equally well . I have not tried using it to adjust piano tunings as it claims to be capable of , but I imagine it would suffice in a pinch . All in all , a very good way to spend $ 90 .
 This tuner is exactly what it promises to be - a high end , sensitive tuning device for professional , and ambitious amateurs . It has several settings , alhough I mainly use one , and is so sensitive . The backlight is also nice as well . If you take good care of it and practice well and this device will help you immensely !!
 I use a tuner to practice my violin , to make sure my intonation is exact . I have n't found a tuner that will register the very very high notes , or one that quickly finds the note . The Korg OT-120 Chromatic Orchestral Tuner is awesome . Very quick and easily registers the very high notes . I am extremely happy with this product !
 Tuning my wire-strung harp was difficult and frustrating with a small `` credit-card '' - type tuner . Especially at the high end , the small tuner would not detect the pitch.However , the OT-120 easily and consistently finds the pitch and tracks it as I tune , across the whole range of the harp.I also use the OT-120 on my nylon-strung harp , and it works perfectly there , too.I use this tuner with contact mics installed on the soundboard of the wire-strung harp , and with either the tuner 's built-in mic or a clip-on on the nylon-strung harp
 Excellent tuner - I 'm using it for tuning a harsichord using the meter function , although I tried the sound generation function and that works very well also . The tuner picks up the input from the strings very clearly , and only has a problem with the top couple of treble notes , which is common in electronic tuners . Very easy to operate , excellent results , very user friendly . Also , for the harpsichord the historical temperaments are very important . I would recommend it very highly .
 I bought this tuner because I recently bought a violone and wanted to be able to accurately tune the frets . Just about everybody I know has an iPhone and also has the very cool tuner app , but I do n't have an iPhone and do n't plan to buy one soon . This machine was at deep discount , perhaps because everyone is now tuning to the iPhone app , and looked like it would do everything I need it to.And it does.And besides that , I have dropped it twice already off my music stand onto a wooden floor -LRB- clumsy in old age I guess -RRB- and it has survived just fine . The second time , after cursing myself , I noticed that the battery cover flew off and batteries exited at the same time . I thought this is the end for sure but I put the batteries back in , slipped the unbroken cover back on , and it still works . And not even a mark on it.So , physical durability has been tested thoroughly . Other functions work very well and logically , too , including picking up low bass frequencies without problem.Highly recommended .
 My Guitar tuner would not pick up the lower string of my cello very good . This tuner , being 8 octaves picks up every note perfectly and instantly . Would highly recommend .
 I 've used this tuner for several weeks now , and I 'm very pleased . I 've used it to tune two pipe organs and several guitars in the few weeks I 've owned it . The ability to change the pitch is especially useful , and one of the reasons I bought it . While I use the audio pitch mostly , the visual tuning is quite accurate . I use rechargeable batteries in it , and it runs a long time on a charge .
 This tuner is phenomenal . With its varying degrees of sensitivity , its historical temperaments and its sound production , this is hands down the best tuner I 've ever used as an orchestral musician .
 Excellent , polite customer service and very speedy processing . This product received is exactly as pictured . I am pleased . Will order again from these nice people .
 Thank you guys !!!! Very good product , me and my musician friends are very content with the quality and precision . And congratulations to Korg .
 I purchased this for tuning my violin and piano , assuming it would do a great job on the violin -LRB- it does -RRB- but was wary of how it would work on the piano . I had been using a Peterson Virtual Stobe tuner for years , using standard piano-tuning techniques and equipment , and preferred tuning to a strobe rather than to a needle or LEDs . But battery leakage had put my VS out of commission . With the Peterson VS having its own imperfections , and a new one now running 3-4 times the cost of the Korg OT-120 , I decided to give the Korg a try . -LRB- I also purchased the clip mike just in case its built-in mike balked at some of the overtones on my older piano . -RRB- I now use the Korg OT-120 regularly , not only to tune my piano and violin , but also as a practicing aid for the violin . It 's very responsive and useful in verifying that I 'm hitting pitch . After a few months of use I can say that the Korg OT-120 has exceeded my expectations for ease-of-use , value , and effectiveness for tuning my violin and piano , and for practice -LRB- strings -RRB- . The tone generator is useful for ear training as well as for tuning . The display is smaller than I 'm used to on the Peterson , but then again the Korg is much more portable . The clip microphone has come in handy for tuning some of the trickier strings at the lower and higher octaves , but I do n't need to use it very often . Although I prefer the strobe for how it linearly visualizes pitch adjustment , it took less than half a tuning session to re-adapt to a needle/LED style display . Note
 I am a harpist in Brazil and I need a tuner that helps me tunning 47 strings quick and precisely in less than 15 minutes berofe concerts and practice time . Korg OT-120 helps me in this job .
 The response time is really fast and accuracy , My father use the tuner for percussion instruments , marimba , lira , xylophones , etc. . The Tuner is for professionals , my father made instruments the tuners are using for industrial purposes , OT-120 is the best .
 I purchased the Korg OT-120 tuner after seeing several reviews of the product . For me , the price at Amazon is competitive with other retailers . I wanted to use this tuner for piano tuning . It has several features that I found helpful . First is the microphone pick-up that is on the back of the tuner is sensitive when placed near the strings and used in a quiet environment . Second , the needle dial is quite helpful in finding the correct pitch as well as the indicator lights for flats and sharps . I purchased the microphone , yet I really do n't see that much more sensitivity using it . The lowest octave and the highest octave are not really picked up by the tuner so you will have to use your ear to get those scales tuned with the rest of your octaves . For me , this was a good investment for my money , I would buy the tuner again . I wish it came with an AC adaptor , you will have to purchase one as batteries will eventually drain down .
 Good product . Would like to have a rubber case -LRB- like the peterson tuners -RRB- instead of plastic -LRB- which will break very easily if dropped -RRB- . Pricey for the quality . Needs to be a better made tuner for the price . But , it works well . The thing I like most is , it tells me which octave I am tuning . This was the main reason for purchase of this tuner .
 This tuner is very good for fine tuning most instruments ; however , I was disappointed that the range with the built in microphone does cover the entire spectrum of a grand piano . The entire bottom and top octaves will not register at all . I 'm not sure yet whether inserting a microphone to the input would extend the range but I was really counting on the tuner -LRB- especially considering the price -RRB- being able to cover the piano without buying a high quality and expensive microphone.As for using the Korg OT-120 , it is very easy to use and all our players at church rely it to get them with a few cents of each other along with the piano and organ .
 I need a customizable tuning for early music , but this tuner does not have this function .
 The Korg OT-120 is pretty sensitive . I bought it because it promised to be capable of tuning a piano . I used it with two piano the day I bought it . I also bought the Korg Contact Microphone , if I had n't had it I probably would n't have had much success . I had to keep moving the microphone to different location on the piano and even then , at times it would n't pick up the vibrations . Do n't get me wrong , I like it , but it does have it 's limits . For the price it 's a good machine .
 I own G-5 Yamaha 6 ' 7 '' grand piano , the OT-120 Korg works good for the first 7 octaves but the tuner cant seem to detect the highest octave notes so I have to tune those by ear , the clip on microphone that is recommended with it was not helpful , I found the internal microphone on the korg tuner was actually more accurate for my particular application.Overall it 's a pretty good tuner for the $
 This is a great guide for playing the banjo . It has simple to follow instructions .
 I bought it as an extra book and have used the same book for years -LRB- mine was deteriorating -RRB- and have shown it to many friends to use when they express an interest in learning to play the banjo . It is a great book . I love it .
 Great guitar to buy if you want to save some money on a beginner guitar . Acoustics are always a good first guitar it helps you develop fundamentals . And it sounds great for the price .
 The only problem that I had with it is that it was n't as light of a color as it looked on the computer but it is still really nice
 I have used Grover keys before this order and have always been pleased with the performance of these machine heads . If you desire precision , you should be considering Grover .
 I have used Grover keys before this order and have always been pleased with the performance of these machine heads . If you desire precision , you should be considering Grover .
 I may have gotten lucky picking this guitar out of everything on the floor . It was new but it had been dropped . I skipped by it a few times but kept coming back . After finally picking it up and playing it , I quickly took it to the counter and bought it!I 've been a guitar player for a very long time . I play gigs . I record music . I 've had expensive acoustics and I 've had not so expensive acoustics . I recently sold off my Takamine and my Cordoba because I just never played them anymore . This is my go to guitar . It has been for about 4 or 5 years now.It has a very comfortable neck . Compared to the Takamine , the neck is more shallow . This allows my meaty fingers to get around the neck , to the fretboard with ease . The action -LRB- string height -RRB- is just right on the fret board with no buzzing . However there is a dead spot on the third fret of the high `` E '' string . I deal with that by fingering closer to the fret before the `` G '' note . The cutaway allows for fretting very close to the body way beyond the 14th fret.The sound is great either plugged or unplugged . When I record it , I use both to layer and it has a wonderful warm tone . Recently I have been using heavier gauge strings for my own sonic tinkering in lower tunings which this guitar handles very well . I 've tuned down a whole step in an `` Open G '' tuning and still no buzz.There are some players out there who are adamant about quality equaling high price but I 'm not a subscriber . I could n't really give a s ** t. I could get a Taylor , Gibson -LRB- Epi is a offspring of Gibson but made overseas -RRB- , Takamine , Martin or whatever but I would most definitely go back to my Epi . In fact all of the Epiphone acoustics are awesome plays . To me , this one is a jewel .
 It arrived on time , was as described . I gave this as a gift , and I 'm not a singer , but the person I gave it to , says it 's wonderful .
 A very useful , very targeted collection of loops for lounge/chill/mellow pop . 31 construction kits , each with a composite drum track , individual drum/percussion tracks , and a 5 to 10 looped instruments , including pianos , strings , guitar , bass . There 's usually enough variation between the instruments , so you can build a song with multiple sections , although the basic chord progressions are all the same . This is where you 'll need to be clever to cut and reassemble loops , pitch shift things , or add enough of your own material
 The FeaturesIt 's a Les Paul ... It has 2 pickups 4 knobs and a switch . The pickups are the 500T at the bridge and the 496R in the neck position . It sports the 60 's slim tapered neck which was a selling point for me and my short fingers . The tuners are the classic green key Klussens . The trapezoid neck inlays have that greenish tinge and the pickguard has that annoying `` 1960 '' stamped into it.The SoundWow ! I had no idea what to expect as I have never played a guitar with this pickup combination . It sounds fantastic . It is really suited for heavy , overdriven and screaming leads and power chords , but it sounds equally sweet clean . In fact , I waited to write this review until I had a chance to do some recording with it . I am absolutely thrilled with the sound ! In my practice studio I have only a POD and small practice amp so I could n't sign off on the sound until I did some studio work . It is excellent.The QualityI had read way too many reviews complaining about QC problems with modern Gibsons - so plunking down nearly 2 grand was a leap of faith . I am happy to report this unit is flawless . As for the action , well , I will have to have a pro set-up done before I pass final judgment . I do think the frets are a little too high and need some dressing , but as I play it more the less and less this bothers me.The QuibbleFor this kind of money you 'd think Gibson could throw in strap locks.OverallThis is one beautiful guitar . The quality is excellent although I think it is overpriced by at least $ 500 . -LRB- This is true for most high end guitars -RRB- . I love the sound and the playability is great and gets better the more I play it . I love the 60 's slim tapered neck . My other main axe is an American Standard Strat which I have been playing for 16 years so moving to the Gibson was quite alien at first . Now , I find these guitars , which really could n't be more different from each other , are complimentary . Neither of these plays as well as my 1970 ES335 - which is like cutting butter with a hot knife - but they each have a unique sound I could never get out of my ES335 . Overall the Gibson Les Paul Classic is a fine instrument . My only real complaint is that ridiculous `` 1960 '' stamped into the pickguard - I will at some point replace it .
 Look , I 'm an accomplished musician and while this thing is fun , it 's not something i 'd use in the studio . But i sure as heck would use while DJing to fill in between songs . If you are shopping for a keyboard to learn how to play honkey dorey songs , dont get this one . If you are seriously into Hip-hop , techno , and house , this is one cool tool to use !
 I have had one of these beat boxes for over a year and enjoy it . It 's fairly easy to use and fun to perform on . It 's not a `` serious '' instrument but it has capabilities that only a few years ago were costing much much more . The keyboard function is fairly limited and has no performance nuance like touch sensitivity , but it works in a pinch . It also has automated mixing and processing capabilities that took a lot of effort and time to execute a few years ago . It definitely allows non musicians -LRB- or non-keyboardists -RRB- to jam and create club music . Some of the grooves are very good , but most are pop and sure to sound dorky within a few years - but then again - retro gear will have its own appeal several years hence . Likewise , the effects are what are currently `` in '' in dance production . I like the ease with which effects can be sync-ed to the beat.As to use by pros - it might be a good addition to a DJ to spice up a mix . I am a guitarist , and I have used this unit as a drum machine with a small combo and it sounds fine through a PA. . It 's a fun jam box , and the price is right .
 I wanted to learn basic keyboard/piano-type keyboard . So for a long time I was looking for a good musical keyboard . When I saw this DJXII under 100 bucks I ordered it immediately.This has got hundreds of bells and whistles with the keyboard I was looking for . I like it and I am learning keyboard right now .
 The Yamaha DJXIIAD Dance And Techno Keyboard was a great buy . I looked at other keyboards but this one offered DJ effects such as hip hop and dance beats , which I was looking for . Great product .
 Dunlop nylon picks are the best picks out there . I often wonder why people buy anything other than a nylon pick . The stupid plastic things made by Fender and others break so freakin fast , they 're not worth the trouble and for the life of my I could never hear any difference in the tone of my guitar depending on the pick used . The thickness of the pick affects the tone , but not the material the pick is made of.This pack comes with 12 picks . It had been a while since I used these and I seem to recal the .60 mm pick being a little thicker . So I might move up to the .73 mm . But in any case . Great picks .
 OK , Let 's get one thing straight people . If you are a DJ , think your a DJ or are expecting that this will perform like a Pro DJ system ... YOUR DREAMING ! The Yamaha DJX is the adult version of getting your first toy keyboard , guitar or heck even `` My First Sony '' . If you want to become a DJ or just want to fool around this is the BEST machine on the market . The price and features set it far above any of its competitors . With 700 patterns , 10 effects and 73 scratching effects , it will take you a year to examine the diversity of music that can be made . I bought this machine to add flavour to my guitar and drum tracks . When I took it out of the box I was hooked and ca n't put it down . A creative individual with limited electronic knowledge will be able hook this up to Midi , or even a 4-track recorder . The instruction manual is a godsent , explaining in immaculate detail how the unit works . It comes with 100 tips which are invaluble as well as software that unlocks even more information . Keep in mind that this is not a pro unit and you will be extremely BLOWN AWAY by what Yamaha has delivered in such a small package .
 I bought the DJXIIB about 1 week ago . I had always wanted to `` scratch '' and the IIB certainly allowed me to do that . Before buying it , I read all of the online reviews that I could find . Not surprisingly , some people said it -LSB- stunk -RSB- whereas other raved . I 've played around with it now for about a week and I have not even come close -LRB- given time constraints -RRB- to playing all of the sounds , etc. . I have a Radio Shack Concermate 990 MIDI keyboard and I 've hooked the two up . The keyboard plays through the IIB and you can apply the 10 effects to the keyboard notes -LRB- It ' l like having 10 effects pedals -RRB- . A neat feature that I noticed is that when you play a pattern on the IIB , it automatically adjusts the 6 drum pads on the Concermate 990 -LRB- they look like orange Chicklets -RRB- to match the correct drum kit on the pattern.I also have a CD / MP3 player -LRB- the D-Link -RRB- and the IIB matched the beats on the songs . I could see hooking up my keyboard to the IIB and the CD player to both the IIB and a mixer . You could play up to 120 MP3 songs on the MP3/CD player and all the while sync the beat with the IIB -LRB- with a split cable since the D-Link has a line out jack -RRB- all the while laying down melodies over the top of the IIB with the keyboard -LRB- I 've noticed that several of the patterns are simple I , IV , V progressions -RRB- . With a CD player playing 120 songs , scratch capabilities , and a keyboard , add a mixer and you could be the life of your friends ' parties .
 Having progressed from MKII 's thru to Pioneer CDDJ-1000 's I still loved playing around with this true toy ! Having seen this product badly demonstrated in the Yamaha shop nearby I still retained the interest to know what was do-able with this thing - making the clear assumption that Yamaha REALLY know what to do with digital drum sounds ... The loops are okay , i mean a fair few are weird -LRB- but useable -RRB- stuff - but on the whole made a joy by the break down Part Mixer setting ... Then you bring in the FX and you are really talking . You could go on for hours about each , but you start envoking the Ring Mod effect and playing with the knobs and dials -LRB- names become irrelevant when you know what they do ! -RRB- and you can keep a crowd going for hours !!! Hard to be a DJ Snob when you see what fun you can have!Enjoy !
 So that there is no confusion you can not mix audio cds with the unit you can only match the tempo and add to the song . It has a huge library of 700 beats of a wide range . Then with the scratch pad you add the scratching or a second beat layer . It has 10 effects that can be tweaked to give you some incredible sound . No it is not for professional DJ use , but if you sit down with the unit for 20mins you will be hooked for good . The manual is exellent . There is so much to do with this unit and the manual takes you through examples of each so that you are familiar with all of it . This will not replace any professional turntable but then again a drum machine , one turntable and a basic mixer will cost you about five times as much and then you need to buy the vinyl . I ca n't keep my brother off the thing and he surprises me all the time with new tricks .
 You can get on it and scratch it , hook it up to a CD player and scratch your own songs ! It is $ 140 cheaper than The Sharper Image , and it 's perfect for all DJ 's !
 I wonder how many people took a phillips screwdriver and took the CD off of the scratch table and put it in their computer and watched all the instruction vids and . swf 's that were on it . . ? I found mine ` dumpster diving ' at the local dump ... intact and only needing a power adapter . So this morning I am experimenting thinking to myself of the possibilities of adapting this to sound effects for my animation experiments . And since it has midi ` in ' and midi ` out ' as well as two audio channels -LRB- phono jacks -RRB- and a headset plug-in , there are a ton of things I can think of when used with say SONY 'S ACID STUDIO PRO ... -LRB- ? -RRB- Find one if you 're into sound effects ... they are getting rare !
 THIS IS THE COOLEST GIFT I HAVE EVER HAD . IF YOU WANT TO BE A PRO DJ THIS IS THE WAY TO START . IT IS A LITTLE PRICY BUT YOU 'LL GET YOUR MONEYS WORTH .
 Hey , this defenetly an awsome machine.it was totally worth the money.you can mix , scratch and thats all you need too know to buy this awsome product . .
 I bought this for my 3 year old son who is a huge electric guitar fan . I can not comment on the quality of the instrument in terms of its sound , as I am not knowledgeable in that area . However , I can say that although it is a little heavy for him -LRB- the guitar is recommended for kids who are a bit older -RRB- , he LOVES it . It is the real deal . The amplifier is small and not too loud , which is something I appreciate ! My one complaint is that the strap it comes with is very cheaply made , and it is not strong enough to hold the weight of the guitar . It tore the first day , and I had to buy a new strap .
 This is simply a great guitar . While it does n't have the sheen of a highly clear coated guitar , the warmth of the cherry finish along with the wood grain makes for one cool look . I do n't know about the other fadeds , but this one has a relatively even finish.The humbuckers are hot and the fingerboard is fast . I have n't experienced any string buzzing . I may tweak the action down a little though . If I were Gibson , the only thing I 'd change is the back of the neck . Feels a little grainy because of the satin finish . Does n't impede the playing ... just takes some getting used to.I play a regular gig and have decided to bench my strat in favor of the Les Paul . While it does n't have a carved top and it may not be as pretty as a Les Paul Standard or Custom , this is a nice guitar for the money .
 I am quite pleased with this cupholder . It comfortably holds soda cans , bottles of water and the basic sized drinks of the fermented barley genre.I do wish the ` pouch ' portion of the holder was a little deeper so I could hold a larger water bottle for longer shows , but it is effective and does well what it was designed to do .
 The PSR 260 is a sophisticated and easy to play keyboard . For its excellent price you will get a keyboard that is portable and versatile , with realistic sounds and 100 voices , among them ; piano , grand piano , church organ , accordion , soft guitar , wood bass , strings , marimba , french horn , clarinet , flute , pan flute , violin , sax , banjo and many more . The PSR 260 has also 100 songs either for listening or for use or play with the Yamaha Education Suite . MIDI terminals allow interfacing with other MIDI terminals and a featured touch response lets you control the volume of the voices with your playing strength just as on an acoustic piano . A truly portable instrument this keyboard weights only 12 lbs and is less than one meter long . It comes with a song book , owner 's manual and it has a large multifunction LCD backlight display , stereo speakers and auxiliary jacks . A great keyboard to enter into the fascinating world of music .
 The sound is much better than you would expect in a keyboard this price ! 100 instrument sounds and some of them need just a little imagination to tie them to the real world instrument , but they are fun and the piano sounds really are quite good . The touch-sensitive feature works very well and is a real plus . I thought this instrument would come with a sustain peddle , but it does not ; you can order one for another 20 $ . As a starter , before spending big money on a real piano for my daughter who is taking piano lessons , it is a great deal , and the whole family has had fun with it . Do n't count on the included music or lessons to be of much use , though , they are too difficult for a beginner . Fortunately , Amazon has about a zillion beginner piano books , so maybe you would want to order one with the keyboard if you are just starting out .
 This keyboard is a lot of fun . The sound quality is excellent -- it sounds almost like a professional instrument , not the toy-like sound quality of other keyboards at this price . The ` Portable Grand ' Piano sound is exceptionally good . It sounds even better plugged into an amp or when I use headphones.With the Rhythms and sounds built in it 's easy to make your own songs , or play existing songs and sound good .
 Well , what can I say this keyboard is awesome ! Alright , I 'll list a few . To start off with , I learned alot from this keyboard . In a little over a week , i learned how to play to music . In fact , after I finish quickly typing this review , I 'm going to go upstairs and play it some more . A great thing about this is all the songs and voices . There are a tiny bit over 100 voices on this thing , and this includes guitar , harp , trombone , and a ton of other instruments you come across alot , and some that you do n't hear often , such as strings , banjo , accordion , pipe organ , and some they just made up that plain sound gnarly.There are many songs too , about 80 ; and like voices , this has some common songs , Amazing Grace , Home Sweet Home , Livin La Vida Loca , Yankee Doodle , Deck the halls , and some uncommon songs that are still cool , Dancing , The Cookoo , GreenSleeves , and others.Something neat for begginers is the option to teach you songs , in fact it has 4 different ways for each hand , and 1 for both , which is like a final test.There also is a dictionary , where you push keys , and it tells you the note 's letter.One of my favorite options is the DJ mode , where it has lots of record sratches , and `` Oh , Yeah `` s , and other stuff you might hear in rap/punk . You can even have background sounds to help you play the style . To name a few , It can play pop , hard rock , 70s disco , and many , many more.You also can play on a drum kit , with all the drum stuff , and more.If you get a keyboard , get this one . It 's radalicious . As I said before , those I said are only a FEW of the options . Yup , just a tiny fragment .
 very nice , nice sound , easy to use , good quality , i am buying another for a xmas gift , nice hi-tech features even for a bigginer
 Just a note after I received this keyboard from Amazon - despite what the Amazon page says , this keyboard does not have a built-in sequencer to record your own songs . For that you 'll have to pay a bit extra and get the PSR280 61-Note keyboard.Otherwise , the keyboards seems solid , the majority of the sounds are realistic and the speakers sound great .
 Buying this keyboard is an excelent decision . I have one who uses my little son for practicing his keyboard lessons . Considering all the features this keyboard includes , I am sure he could continue using it during several years as his musical habilities increases . Additionally you should consider buying a keyboard stand .
 The quality is good and the sound is very good . I do n't use this thing , but my wife has really enjoyed it . We 've had it for a long time and have not had any problems .
 This is a piece of dense foam . It is effective in blocking wind and avoiding the `` poping '' sound you get from a bare microphone when pronouncing the sound of the letter P or T . This one is cheap and does the job it 's supposed to .
 My son needed a mute for his bass trombone . This is an excellent mute . The sound is full and rich . My son plans on using it for his high school concert bands , and his honor bands . It shipped fast and the box was packaged well . Great transation .
 My family and I love love love this keyboard ! There are so many things to do with it that it keeps my kids interested in playing . We got it for $ 99 from Guitar Center -LRB- luckily someone JUST brought it as we were standing there -RRB- . What a great deal ! I really love that it has touch sensitivity for the keys . Our old one broke and this one has brought us up to date , as our old one was very limited -LRB- which was $ 99 brand new -RRB- . If you are debating on getting this , do it ! You wo n't be sorry : -RRB-
 This unit sounds great and is easy to play . The instructions that come with it are OK but the song book is much better . You can use batteries or plug it in for extended use . Lots of `` voices '' and it is fun to play using them . A must get item if you are new to music .
 this is a great keyboard . Lots of features and great sound.You can also keep up to 5 recorded songs that you can create by selecting one of the many styles and beats loaded on to this thing . The dj mode is sweet . My friends and I love playing around with it . You can also be tought by the keyboard one of the many songs programed on to it . The only probelem is , that even though it is portable -LRB- meaning you do n't need an amp to hook up to the keyboard -- another great feature , -RRB- it is still pretty heavy an it ' hard to move around with it . But this does n't really matter . What does matter is that it is a great keabord and I highly reccommend it to anyone looking to buy a keyboard .
 I have been using Yamaha for many years and the product is good especially for third world countries like Tanzania my mother landeveryone likes the yamaha tones it sound like wind in paradise . Yes this is what needed by peoples .
 This is the BEST KEYBOARD IN THE WORLD !!!!! It is # 1 . If you want a keyboard . Get this one !
 I had been practicing on a 60 keys or so keyboard , that did n't have touch sensitivity , when I got into more advanced music . My left hand started running out of keys ! This became very irritating very fast . So I set out to find a remedy . After sifting through almost all the keyboards , I decided on this one . The main reason was the 76 keys . When it arrived , I quickly plugged in and started playing . I was used to practicing with my other keyboard in my lap , but do n't try it with this one ! Get a keyboard stand as it is way too heavy ! Anyway , the first thing I noticed was how realistic the sound was . And it had touch sensitivity too ! The pieces I was playing sounded really good ! There are also tons of different effects . You can make it sound like you are playing in a concert hall ! I was really pleased with my purchase and my playing times became longer.Then I tried taking the lessons that it includes . I was able to learn the right hand parts of songs when only one note gets played at a time . However I think someone recorded the song on the keyboard manually instead of by computer . The notes come out irregular when the pianist playes multiple notes with one hand in songs like Nocturne . I solved the problem by buying the sheet music for it . However I did n't buy the keyboard for lessons so it is a non-issue for me.Now we come to the only thing I am really frustrated about . I have started playing really advanced pieces like Toccata & Fugue in D minor , Nocturnes , Ballades , and Sonatas . They will sometimes run off the board ! Most of the time there is more than one note being pressed by the left hand so it does n't sound quite as bad . But it unnerves me!I do n't mean to complain too much about this product as it is very good other than the lack of extra keys . For most people , 76 keys is more than enough . I 'll just have to get a real piano sometime . But if you are thinking of getting a keyboard , do n't even look at the others , you search has ended here .
 I am a guitarist and a pianist . I have a gibson guitar and a yamaha piano . I shopped around for keyboards several days , playing all casio and yamaha keyboards below ... If you want a keyboard that sounds like a piano , look no further , the yamaha models ... offer very good piano sound . Sure , it 's a keyboard , so without amplifiers , it wo n't sound as impressive and loud , but the essence is definitely here . Yamaha keyboards do sound like pianos.But all other instruments sound like kid 's toys to me , definitely not like proper guitars or violins.If you do n't own a piano and need a keyboard to practice -LRB- a cheap second hand piano would cost you at least $ 1000 -RRB- , the yamaha keyboards are good value options .
 I have a PSR225 but I wanted this keyboard mainly for it 's 76 keys ! Some song I could not play all the notes because I would simplay run out of keys this solved that problem . The bass boost feature is also very nice would recommend anyone who want to have some great technology at a great price to get this keyboard .
 I really enjoy this keyboard . One nice feature is the large number of keys , allowing more songs to be played . The keyboard is light enough for me to hold in my lap , although it is fairly wide . The sound is quite good and the keys are pressure sensitive , allowing for individual softer or louder notes . It is necessary to strike the higher keys harder to get the same volume as the lower keys , but this is minimal . The lesson function to me was nearly useless , as it is impossible to follow the mini keyboard screen . This screen is interesting to look at , but does not serve any real useful function . All in all , the nicest keyboard I have played on .
 The good : Digitized piano sound . Sounds exactly like a real piano .76 notes allow you to play most classical sheets.Amazing deal by far if you ca n't afford a real piano.The bad : Speakers too small.Education suite confusing.Sensitivity of the keyboard not like a piano at all -LRB- of course -RRB- . Guitar and all other instruments not very realistic .
 this is a great keyboard . Lots of features and great sound.You can also keep up to 5 recorded songs that you can create by selecting one of the many styles and beats loaded on to this thing . The dj mode is sweet . My friends and I love playing around with it . You can also be tought by the keyboard one of the many songs programed on to it . The only probelem is , that even though it is portable -LRB- meaning you do n't need an amp to hook up to the keyboard -- another great feature , -RRB- it is still pretty heavy an it ' hard to move around with it . But this does n't really matter . What does matter is that it is a great keabord and I highly reccommend it to anyone looking to buy a keyboard .
 This is honestly the best deal on a keyboard that one can find . The main reason that I purchased it was the fact that the keyboard has 76 full size keys . I have been using this keyboard now for a yaer and half and I consider it one of the best purchases of my life . Some of my favorite features include the ability to record up to 5 songs with 5 tracks plus accompaniment and the backlit display . In addition , the PSRGX76 has a 32-note polyphony which is a major improvement over the older models such as the PSR-48 -LRB- it only had 8 -RRB- that I replaced . In addition the Reverb , DSP and Harmony effects make you music come alive . Trust me , you will not be unhappy with this purchase .
 I bought this Yamaha with a hope of renewing and refreshing my piano skills . Having taken lessons as a child , I never quite was able to put the two hands together . The education suite is a fun way to pick up my skills . My husband , who is a true beginner , needs a little more `` basic '' practice before he 's ready for the lessons , though . The piano itself has great sound , and almost more options than I know what to do with -LRB- although it 's been fun to play around with it -RRB- . A friend of mine who is a professional musician also said it was a good piano for the price , and he thought he might recommend it as a great portable option to someone else .
 I wish this had been my first keyboard . My first one had only 4 octaves and it never reached most of the bass clef notes . Therefore , I never learned the base clef . But with this machine , it has plenty of room plus a great learning tool through Yamaha 's Education Suite . I love it ! The sound is also fantastic and realistic . My only negative comment would be that I must turn up the volume rather high in order to hear the Grand Piano .
 The Yamaha PSRGX76 was the first portable keyboard I 've ever purchased . I was reluctant at first because I wanted an instrument with a weighted action , but I needed portability and a low price - the two do not necessarily go together.After much research and shopping I decided upon the Yamaha PSRGX76 for two reasons
 A very good basic keyboard with lots of strange features beyond the traditional 100 rhythms and 100 instruments . The most interesting is a piano training course , but it to date has been too complex to figure out . After trying out lots of others in this < -LRB- $ -RRB- price range , this seems to be the best quality for the money.Good features : - Very close to full sized keys - Excellent basic sounds . The piano sounds like a piano . - Basic features are easy to use.Gripes : - Instructions are not complete enough given the volume of features - If you buy this at most other stores -LRB- which I did -RRB- , they foolishly do n't include an AC adaptor . The Amazon version -LRB- 280AD -RRB- does .
 I 've had a casio CTK-541 and a yamaha psr260 , but this is the one i wanted all along . I liked it because of its song recorder , sound effects , voices , etc. ... When i got it , i could n't wait to go home and try it out . It sounded so real that it felt like i was on stage . The yamaha education suite 2 helped me learn all 100 songs . This keyboard is worth 100 times more than its price
 I have n't slept for days . This is a great keyboard for the money ! More voices , songs , and styles than one needs . The voices sound almost pro-quality . Keep in mind what the other reviewer wrote - you need to buy the adapter if it is not the AD model .
 We bought the psr280 at another store . They did n't mention that we needed an adaptor . They did however tell us about the headphones we wanted , and then sold us the wrong set .
 The keyboard performs flawlessly although I am having a problem interfacing with my computer . I believe this is a software problem with my computer and no fault of the keyboard . I would recommend this keyboard .
 As a drummer , I was a bit skeptical about a small electronic drumset for my son to learn about playing the drums . Well the DD50 showed me the light !! This high quality , lightweight unit was more than I could ask for . A couple of its 7 pads are a bit small , but after practicing awhile , you never notice . It has a multitude of sounds and ryhthms which our entire family enjoyed listening to . The 2 foot pedals make it a much more realistic drumming experience . I highly recommend the DD50 for all new and experienced drummers . . And , as a plus for parents . . It has a headphone jack that makes this a nice `` quiet time '' activity ...
 I agree that this is a terrific drumset for a young musician . My 12-year-old plays piano , guitar , and a regular drumset , but his drum practicing was not always music to the family 's ears ! -LRB- Not bad , but too loud ! -RRB- We gave him this Yamaha digital set for Christmas , and he loves it . I originally ordered the less expensive Yamaha set -LRB- DD9 -RRB- , but returned it because it was so small and seemed more like a toy than an instrument . My son was thrilled to open the DD50 , and it has turned out to be a very good choice . It makes a variety of realistic sounds , and the two foot pedals -LRB- bass drum and high hat -RRB- allow him to simulate playing his real drum set . He 's getting in a lot more practice time on the drums now , and sounds pretty good , even when he 's not using headphones!I 'd recommend the Yamaha DD50 to anyone looking for a reasonably priced drumset that makes real music .
 The drum machine is fun to play , and with the two foot pedals , I can pretend I 'm playing a real drumset . I enjoy having all 100 sample songs to play along with , and I like being able to choose which parts play -LRB- drum 1 , drum 2 , bass , and backing -RRB- . My only gripe with the sample songs is that while there are plenty of examples of rock music , there are not enough -LRB- or no -RRB- examples of some other types of music -LRB- folk , blues , alternative -RRB- . The drum pads do not always trigger if you hit them too lightly . I would expect them to play very quietly if you hit them softly , but you have to hit them fairly hard to make a sound . There is a way to adjust the sensitivity , but even with the highest sensitivity , it is not sensitive enough for me.Also , the bass drum pedal has no sensitivity at all . No matter how hard or soft you kick it , it plays the same volume .
 I just recently purchased the DD-50 . Have owned several machines in the past but this one is so far the best . I really enjoy the touch sensitive pads and the way you can create and assign your own pads and kits . I purchased my DD-50 on a closeout and it did n't have an owners manual with it . I would be forever greatful if someone out there could tell me where I could get one . And once again Yamaha , you have made a customer Happy ...
 I bought this digital drum set and when it arrived at my house i was really excited , i opened it up and found that it did n't come with the DC cord to turn it on and i did not have any of the 6 c size batteries it required or any of the cords to connect it to different speakers so i could not use it at all . i was really mad i had to wait a few days until i could find one of the only 2 DC cords that work , both Yamaha ones and quite hard to find ... I tried to DC cords i had but they did n't work because they were n't on of the special Yamaha DC cords you need.However when i did get to try it this drum set was quite good ... BUT i had to wait 3 days ... and another 7 days for the shipping ... ...
 I had played drums all my life and had been on the road as a pro when I was younger . I hadnt played for a long time as it was too much hassle and took up too much room to set up real drums . I saw a set of these at Sam 's and bought them . I set it up on an old snare stand in the corner of the bedroom and started playing them regularly . Soon I got better pedals and an Alesis D4 and MIDI connected these to it and before long I got an entire set up of electronic drums and now I am back playing and recording and loving it . All thanks to a little old Yamaha DD50 !
 First of all this is not a replacement for a real drumset , but for what it is , you ca n't find anything better , especially at this price . I am a guitarist and got this to work on my rhythm , and its great for that . It has lots of demo songs to play along with and a clicking metronome . You can also record yourself playing , although you ca n't loop the playback of what you recorded . Overall , a great product and a lot of fun to play .
 I really enjoyed them from the time I turned them on and figured out how to use them . Then I made use of the headset outlet and pluged in my Altec Lansing Computer speakers , Damn unbeleivable . I plan to spend alot of time hitting on them and would like to find out if Yamaha has got any accessories for it . I Travel alot and spend anywhere from a week to 2 months in Lancaster California . That can be a long time away from beating on something . Thanks Yamaha , I now have another piece of Luggage to pack for my trips .
 BoloPick Guitar Pick Necklace , ClearBoloPick Guitar Pick Necklace , BlackBoloPick Guitar Pick Necklace , Assorted Colors
 I bought one of these two years ago because my prized 1963 LG-1 looked like it had finally become unreparable after several attempts . Ultimately I was wrong and have the LG-1 restored and playing perfectly again . The L-00 is about as good of an imitation of a Gibson L-00 you are going to see for under 1000 bucks . I recommend that you replace the plastic nut and saddle with bone or tusq or even micarta , do a pro setup -LRB- get the string height at the nut and the action perfect , polish the frets a bit and you 'll have a really nice guitar that plays and sounds much more expensive than it actually is . You might also want to upgrade the tuners with some good gibson tuners from the Stu-Mac catalogue as well . That would be my suggewstion fi you want tro turn a decent 300 dollar guitar into one that plays and sounds like a much better instrument . But even if you did n't do those things this model would be well worth the money and any beginner - tointermediate player interested in doing finger-picking blues would be more than pleased . My point is that for a few after-market improvements that are relatively inexspensive and notall that technically difficult to perform , you could have a very good guitar on your hands that would be hard to beat until you get to over the 2000 dollar mark.You really can not duplicate the Gibson neck , though , so I still prefer my LG-1 and pretty much anything from Gibson rather than the Epiphone version , but few people have thekind of money lying around it takes to buy the Robert Johnson or Blues King models from Gibson , or even find an LG-1 or LG-2 and repair or have it repaired . So this Epi L00 would meet the needs of just about everyone except those who have played a good Gibson Neck and ca n't really be happy with anything less and have the money to go with the gibson . Oh and this guitar looks really good as well - you 'll just want to look at it . They simply know how to do a sunburst finish the right way . I 'm not in love with the heavier polyurethane finish , but I understand why they have to go in that direction with a 300 guitar . Mow compared to other guitars at this price , I do n't think anything else comes anywhere near this one - especially for finger picking blues , Robert-Johnson and Delta or other Country Blues style Playing . It is not a bluegrass instrument or a big-sounding Dreadnought - you 'd be looking at a bigger-body style for strumming with a pick . But for the kind of music this guitar is designed for , nothing comes close at that price . BTW these overseas factories are generally putting out far better instruments than they we ever 10 years ago , and the prices have stayed relatively flat so there are a much bettere value than a comparable epiphone from even 10 years ago .
 I just played this Epiphone Model EL-00 for the first time . A great looker , and the best neck action that I 've seen at this price , ever . It has a narrow neck , fast action , and a beautiful tone . I suggest you play one first , of course , and see what you think . Well worth a demo . Great choice for beginner to intermediate .
 I 'm a beginner guitar player , and this guitar is just perfect ! It arrived on time and without any mishaps and it really is a great guitar for the price .
 This instrument is easily the nicest guitar you 're going to buy at this price point . Yes , it is assembled in China , but the workmanship of this instrument is quite good , and it is a nice , even , balanced guitar . It sounds nice , has good projection , a good tone , and , a nicely balanced sound . This guitar is absolutely ideal for fingerstyle playing . It is definitely an underrated and unappreciated model in the Epiphone line of guitars . This instrument has quickly become my favorite . The factory set up is decent , right out of the box , and the neck is smooth and comfortable.My only complaints are as follows :1 . The strings that the factory uses . I tuned the guitar up , played it for 10 minutes , and my fret-hand fingers had become as blackened as if I had run my fingers across the dirty flue of a chimney . But , that is a quick , inexpensive , and easy problem to fix .2 . The lacquer is a bit strong , but I 'm sure that will dissipate in time.Otherwise , this instrument plays and sounds like a much more expensive instrument , and is an exceptional value for the price.As many players , after a while I may want a different instrument , or want to `` upgrade '' . That wo n't be so with this guitar . It 's definitely a `` keeper '' . It 's perfect for the type of playing that I do -LRB- country , blues , gospel , and contemporary rock such as Counting Crows , Train , etc. -RRB- . In grading this instrument , and I have played many in all price ranges , I have to give this instrument a solid `` A '' . It really is a surprisingly high quality instrument that Epiphone could easily sell for a higher price.Any interested players should pick one of these up before Epiphone decides to discontinue this little gem.Update -LRB- September 6 , 2012 -RRB- : I 've been playing this guitar for 1 1/2 years now , and I am even happier with my purchase . The top is really `` opening up '' on this instrument , and it projects nicely , and has a great tone . I put a bone nut and saddle onto this instrument , put some Tusq bridge pins onto it , and have been using D'addario phosphor Bronze strings on this instrument . This has helped with the volume and tone greatly.This guitar sounds great , better than some that I 've played in the $ 1,000 - $ 1,200 range -LRB- after the upgrades that I 've made to the instrument -RRB- , and is an instrument that I will never part with -LRB- voluntarily , anyway -RRB- . I give this instrument my highest recommendation .
 As far as guitars go , this is relatively inexpensive , making it great for a beginner who may not end up being fully committed to playing the guitar . Like my husband , who requested this for Christmas . Two years ago . And has played it ... twice.But it sounded good as he was teaching himself to play online . What can I say , we still have it , it still sounds in tune to me after moving across country . It comes in a nice sturdy case as well .
 This is one amazing deal of a guitar . I bought it based on the rave reviews , some Youtube demo videos , and its similarity to the super cool vintage Gibson L-00 . Got it for $ 250 -LRB- shipping included ! -RRB- which is about $ 50 less than you find it everywhere else , but there were some minor -LRB- very minor -RRB- blemishes in the finish so that may have been the reason for the lower price . That said , the guitar is absolutely beautiful to look at with a retro sunburst and curvaceous shape . I had heard complaints about the cheesy Epiphone `` E '' on the pickguard which some thought detracted from the guitar 's vintage vibe , but the E on my guitar 's pickguard was just a flimsy plastic thing stuck on the pickguard with weak adhesive . I was able to remove it easily and wipe off the minimal residual adhesive leaving not a trace of its former presence . The guitar sounded okay out of the box , but after what appears to be the standard makeover of replacement Tusq -LRB- synthetic bone -RRB- nut , saddle , and bridge pins -LRB- about $ 60 by a local shop -RRB- this thing rings like a bell . I 've been playing it in open D for a few days and I ca n't put it down . It has a big sound for a relatively small guitar , probably due to the dreadnought width lower bout . The action was a little high when it arrived , but with a little adjustment it plays smooth and true all over the neck . Except for a couple of tiny finish blems -LRB- evident only on very close inspection -RRB- , the workmanship is amazingly good for this price point . Hard to find a close fitting case other than the one made by Epiphone due to the wide lower bout . The guitar is sort of like a 00 size upper bout grafted onto a dreadnaught size lower bout . Sounds weird , but I suspect the bigger lower body contributes to the guitar 's wonderful tone and resonance . Makes it difficult to find an alternative case or gig bag without settling for a loose fitting dreadnaught size product though . I tried a Gator classical guitar case which someone else said fit , but alas it was too small . In summary , this is a very decent small-bodied guitar at about half the price of a Taylor GS Mini . Great for a beginning/intermediate guitarist or even as an alternative tuning or travel guitar for an advanced player . At this price , you really ca n't go wrong . BTW , my guitar was made in Indonesia . Apparently , these guitars are also made in China and Korea . There appear to be country loyalists who favor one point of origin over another , but I can only speak for my guitar which is VERY well made . The replacement parts that I used were the Graph Tech PQ-9280-CO TUSQ fully compensated acoustic guitar saddle , Graph Tech TUSQ Martin acoustic guitar slotted nut 1 11/16 '' , and Graph Tech acoustic guitar bridge pins with black pearl dots . Keepa coolie , baby !
 Fantastic guitar , for the price especially . I have been a big fan of the old gibson 00 's and 01 's for a long time and have said I was going to grab one of the epiphones and I 'm glad I did . Its true there are a few things you can do to upgrade the tone , ie . bone bridge , nut ect ... but outta the box it performed well . First thing I did was restring it , really improved overall feel of the guitar . If your looking for a smaller guitar that you can take with you and not worry to much about beating up then this is the one . I would have spent $ 500 + for this thing in the store . Good sound , nice neck , killer looks , sweet guitar .
 Just as expected , the pickup has clarity and no discernible noise . The cable is thinner than the regular guitar cable but the material is of quality . Wish it could be a little longer so that we do n't have to use any extension that will only add noise to the signal.The pickup itself fits rather nicely onto the hole . I 'm a little bit concern as to the longevity of the soft material that locks the pickup in place . I hope it can withstand the constant pushing and pulling of the unit from the guitar . Only time will tell.Overall , for the price , I 'm happy with it .
 Had the DP136 for about a month and am very pleased with the unit . It was easy to install on my Epi FT-150 , sound is clear and natural . Only wish the cord exited the DP136 toward the neck and not toward the bridge , but that 's a very minor thing . If your looking to amp your acoustic and maintain it 's sound , you will be pleased with the DP136 , espically at Amazon 's price .
 I think this pickup sounds great considering the price range . It slips in and out of my Yamaha FG720 guitar effortlessly and seems very secure while in place . It does not interfere with my playing but of course the cord hanging out of the sound hole is a little cumbersome until you get used to it . The cord is thin but seems to be attached fairly well - I 'm a little concerned about the durability but only time will tell if that is an issue . Plugged into my Roland amp the sound is very clear both using a pick and with finger picking . It lacks a little on the bass end but I prefer a clear trebly sound over boomy or muddy , so I consider that a good thing -LRB- I can add as much bass as I want with my amp EQ -RRB- . I 'm sure this varies with guitar and string brands , and adjusting the poles for the lower strings would probably give more oomph to the low end but for me it 's fine as is.Some reviews say the output level is low - I have not used any competing products so I can not confirm or deny that , but with my little 20-watt amp turned less than halfway up and the pickups volume halfway I get plenty of volume . I also ran it through a DI box and into my PC with a USB audio interface and got a usable level for recording as well . You can spend a lot more for an acoustic pickup and probably get better sound quality but I did n't want to spend a lot of money or alter my guitar , so I am very happy with what I got for this price .
 Picks up the sound great . Everything that the description said it was . Not too hard to install . Just have to be careful of the strings .
 First thing , this is a very nice mic . 2nd thing , do yourself a favor and get a nice , sturdy mic stand & boom . Even the good `` on stage '' stuff ai n't gon na cut it unless you do n't mind slipping & toppling due to the weight of this mic . Particulary if you gon na boom it out any , or use horizontal , and/or inverted positioning . At least go with something like the Atlas MS-20E stand which has a 12 inch die cast 14 pound base coupled with the Atlas PB15 boom which has a 3.5 pound counterweight , and a double boom lock option . Together that 'll run ya about 125 bucks void a deal . Do n't be an idiot a put this awesome mic on a piece of crap stand . Sooner , or later ... you 'll be sorry . 3rd thing ... a decent pre-amp never hurts.Enough about stands & stuff ... I bought this mic specifically for recording vocals as a solo acoustic guitar player . And it 's great for that , especially through a tubed pre-amp . But if you play an acoustic instrument while singing ... it will pick-up a lot of the instrument using the card pattern in an upright position . Using the figure 8 pattern with a null area pointing towards the instrument is a big help with this . Enter the sturdy mic stand & boom , lol . The omni pattern is good for adding a little width to your sound when needed , and softening the forward gain just a bit . The omni is also fairly good for say 3 players playing in a tight circle , and the figure 8 for two across from each other . I do think it is a better vocal mic than instrument mic hence the 4 stars instead of 5 . But it will do the job nicely assuming you manage it properly , and find a good balance , when using it in that manner . This mic will not let you down unless you 're used to mics priced in the thousands .
 This microphone is doing a great on instrumental section and solorecording . With great sensitivity and low noise doing live recording ofa solo -LRB- saxophone -RRB- and the sax section at the time is possible.Also a good room ambiance microphone .
 Works great , sounds amazing . . i use it on vocals and am still breaking it in but the sound is smooth . .
 I purchased 4 different mics that claim to be good for female vocalist in the $ 100-400 range . This one had the most pleasing sound -LRB- may not be true for all music types and all singer voices -RRB- . It is big and heavy , -LRB- I needed to add counter balance weight on the boom stand -RRB- , The shock mount and pop shield are nice additions for studio use , they are well made.It is a good value for the money .
 I think it 's interesting that the item weight is 2.4 pounds , but the shipping weight is 2.2 pounds . They must pack it with helium balloons ! At any rate , I 've used this model and like it very much .
 You ca n't go wrong with the DiMarzio Evolution bridge -LRB- model DP159 -RRB- . I have been using the Evolution bridge for years , and many friends of mine have had me install Evolution bridges in their guitars , as well , after hearing its killer tone . This pickup has more intensity and edge than any other pickup I 've ever heard ; it 's a lead guitarist 's dream pickup . There are pickups out there with more power -LRB- DiMarzio X2N , EMG 81 -RRB- , but none have the tightness and control that this baby has . In addition to the gutsy penetration of the mids , the highs have strong presence , and the lows are tight and mean . This pickup can easily tear through any mix . If you 're a lead guitarist , equip this pickup for astounding tone with lots of authority . If you play rhythm using your bridge pickup , it 's also great for super tight , shredding rhythms . Check out -LSB- ... -RSB- for a long list of guitar champions who have made this their main pickup and sound clips showing the amazing things they do with it .
 Great book . Has so many songs - makes it a great value ! We 've been taking violin for a year and this gives us the music for many tunes we love , and we can play them b/c the music is not too complicated . Thanks !
 This is such a classic , wonderful selection of music . I wish there was an appropriate accompanying cd for the music though . My daughter is learning `` Here Comes the Sun '' and there ae many rests , it would help to have the viola/cello part to accompany her.Does anyone know where to find it?We have the `` regular '' music . I am looking for an accompanying cd .
 This is not as easy to play as a penny whistle for two reasons
 I bought this flute because it was the cheapest low flute I could find . I was n't expecting much , but it plays nicely.The craftsmanship is fairly well done , it has nicely wrapped bands and sounds quite nice.I play whistles and flutes mainly as a hobby , which this flute accels at . I 've noticed that it 's not quite perfectly in tune on all the notes , so you probably ca n't play in a group with it -- at least with other tuned instruments.It plays quite nicely though , and sounds very well in both the lower and higher registers . It 's fun to play around on some tunes ; `` Danny Boy '' sounds especially nice , but like I said it has a bit of trouble on some notes , but if you 're playing alone it does n't matter.Also , it 's worth noting that this flute requires the Piper 's Grip , which means you only use the pads on your ring fingers , and curve your hands so the middle pads on your middle and index fingers are on the upper buttons.It takes getting used to , but unless you have very large hands you wo n't be able to finger this flute the same as a smaller flute .
 I bought this product as a beginner pipe to learn to play until I got better . I like everything about this product . The description was acurate , the price was good , and the shipment was prompt . Overall I am very pleased with this product .
 For less than $ 20 you ca n't beat this as a learning instrument , or just to have fun with . If you have been wanting to learn to play the Irish Low D Whistle -LRB- and who has n't ? -RRB- then this is a great introduction for you without having to spend the $ 100-300 it would normally take for you to get one . In my opinion , the bad reviews on this item are not warranted . It 's definitely worth $ 20 ! If I ever get good at it or want to buy a `` real '' instrument , like the nice PVC whistles by Ethnic Wind , or a Dixon Low D , I 'll consider this a good investment toward my musical education.Appearance
 I 've only had this a few days but I am enjoying the process of getting used to it . It sounds surprisingly good to me , maybe not as full as a standard size acoustic guitar , but certainly not the tinny sound described in some of the comments . Its small size and weight make it very easy to pick up and play at any time.Only problems I have is that the balance is a bit off since there is more weight in the neck than in the body . Also , I could use a few more frets for some of the songs I like to play .
 I hate to be without a guitar . The Backpacker is fun to play , easy to carry , fits for playing in the car , camper , small tent If you are walking up to the top of mountain trail to sit and look around , you wo n't mind carrying it with you.This is a guitar to buy if you always want to have one you can take , and that you enjoy . It sounds o.k. Do n't buy this as your only guitar . The sound is n't good enough for that . I 've had two other travel guitars and this is the only one I like . You 'll be thankful you bought a good-quality instrument .
 I have had a backpacker for almost a year now and absolutely love it ! Though it takes some time to get used to holding -LRB- key is to always use the strap -RRB- , the intonation is excellent , the durability is astounding , the quality is well above expectations , and hey . . it 's portable . I prefer this instrument around the home and on lunches at work over my full size Martin HD28 and Fender Strat . I highly recommend the Martin Backpacker guitar for anyone wanting a side-kick guitar to take where ever and play when ever .
 I have had this guitar for nine years and it has done two tours to Iraq . The quality of construction is outstanding and despite taking eight months to be shipped and at various locations between Iraq and Alaska , the guitar was not absurdly out of tune when I received it back . This says a lot about the construction of this guitar.The guitar will not sound like a full size Taylor , but can sound great for campfires and while traveling . It has a very twangy sound , but can still play the great acoustic classics with the right touch . The odd shape does take some getting used to , just understand that it is a different instrument and you will be fine .
 I recently purchased the Martin Backpacker after keeping an eye on one for a few years . I wanted to pick one up for it 's sheer portablity . The Martin Backpacker is just that ... amazingly portable , perfect for throwing in the car , taking along on the hike . The Backpacker is initially a somewhat challenging to play with it 's topheavyness from the neck and tuners as well as body shape , but something easily overcome with a few hours of play . Tone is ok , but as the saying goes ... `` It is what it is . '' The backpacker was not designed or marketed to be a full sized full toned guitar , so it does n't deliver what it did n't promise , but it is a simple throw along , bring the fun with you guitar . That it accomplishes very well . I can take the thing anywhere without having a huge cumbersome and heavy item to haul around . Perfect for design , but not for the person unwilling to sacrifice a little tone or playablity for portablity .
 After having read many reviews of this instrument , I decided to take the plunge anyway - at a point in my life where a good many long-distance trips are coming up and my 40-year old -LRB- hard to play and wonderful -RRB- Harmony Sovereign full-size Western Flat Top -RRB- is just too cumbersome to travel with . Many of the criticisms leveled by other users are certainly valid.It is a very small and oddly shaped small instrument with a proportionately small sound . It would , indeed , be easier to play if the saddle were lowered a bit and if it came out of the box as the manufacturer and designer recommended re strings - it does not . It is awkward to hold.All of that being said , I am able to honestly recommend it - perhaps because my old Harmony is even harder to play ! I have never been spoiled by the experience of owning a really well made guitar -LRB- like a full size Martin or Gibson -RRB- - so , to me , it plays easily and produces a sound much like I feel it is reasonable to expect from such a small body.I have had it for about a week and am enjoying it a lot.Of course , it sounds best in small spaces , wired with thin gauge -LRB- bronze 80/20 -RRB- strings and played with a thin pick ... . something that is taking some adjustment on my part - having always used medium gauge picks before.Because the instrument is disproportionately heavy on the tuning-peg end , playing it standing -LRB- pretty much a requirement -RRB- works a lot better with the strap tied to the tuner - rather than connected with the hardware installed on the neck side of the Backpacker 's mini-body . Otherwise , the tuning end is drawn by gravity making it harder to play than is necessary.The prices have come down quite a bit - partly , I expect , due to the poor reviews both here and at other sites.I paid $ 160 . from SameDayMusic - shipping included.To paraphrase an old tune : `` If you ca n't play the guitar you love , love the one you play . '' Attitude has a sound of its own!This does not require a theatrical suspension of disbelief so much as it necessitates realistic expectations and the ability to enjoy a good effort to create a truly portable Martin .
 The cool thing about this guitar is that it 's very portable , but do n't compare it to your regular , full-size acoustic.It 's a bit hard to get used to , as the guitar wants to twist and turn in your hands , and it ca n't be rested on your leg when you play sitting . You have to use the strap , even when seated , and you kinda rest your forearm and elbow on the `` side '' of the guitar to offset the weight of the neck . Once you get the hang of it your hand will fall right over the strings and the instrument becomes very playable . I got mine because of a shoulder injury , and when held properly I do n't have to reach over the top of the guitar as my elbow is pretty much right at my side . And while the neck is a bit thick , it plays and feels much like a normal size guitar.I took the advice of another here and put Martin Silk & Steel strings on it . Wow , what a difference . While it does n't sound like a D-18 , it really sounds like a guitar now . Go ahead and play it with the included strings , but I highly recommend changing over to hear the difference . You 'll lose just a bit of tone and sustain from the steel strings , but in my opinion it 's well worth the tradeoff . That banjo sound , which some like and some hate , is gone now.The guitar seems to be made extremely well , and looks like you could use it to paddle down the river , beat off a few wild animals yet still play tunes when you get back to camp.I gave it 5 stars for what it is , and I would not recommend this as an only guitar or a first guitar for a beginner or child . It really is made for travel , to have as another unique guitar for your collection or just to have fun with . However , once my shoulder healed I still pick it up a lot.Do watch our for cheap knockoffs that look like the Backpacker . The Martin is made of all solid tonewoods and sounds like it . It 's not a toy .
 Well this will never become your primary guitar but if you 're into bringing your guitar with you when you travel this is probably one of the better options.Technically the sound is a little thin and holding it can be difficult to master . In addition I think most people have a bit of a post-purchase `` why did I buy this ! '' But once you have played it a bit and especially after you have travelled with it I 'm sure you will find it to be indispensable . Personally I actually have begun to like the sound of the guitar - it 's quite unique and can offer all sorts of nuances if you take the time to find them out . So I often find myself at home using the Martin rather than my ` good ' guitar.I have mostly used the guitar when travelling interstate for work and on the odd overseas holiday . Its size and sturdy construction mean it can put up with all sorts of treatment and still provide great sound . I have also have a Yamaha Silent guitar which has been a few places but I always find myself coming back to the little Martin . It feels much nicer to play and is so easy to carry about . Combine this with a good selection of sheet music in PDF on my laptop and I 'm pretty much set for any destination.The only advice I 'd offer a new owner is to have a look at the strings . I got some really nice sounds from the guitar using Augustine Blues which were well worth the price . I also met a guy who said that pretty much any Flamenco guitar string was worth trying on the Martin.Also take the time getting used to using the strap before you go the ` surgery ' option and start using knee rests or attachable frames . It will feel very strange for quite a while until you get used to how it feels . One word of warning - once you get it right do n't let anyone adjust your strap ;o-RRB- .
 This is a very light , very sturdy guitar you can take anywhere . I 've heard its sound as described as somewhere between a guitar and a banjo , with more guitar sound . The bag it comes with is strong , and holds up to just about anything . I bought mine a couple of years ago and love it .
 I bought a backpacker when they first came out almost 10 years ago . It is very durable and I would not hesitate to take it anywhere . I accidently cracked the top of my backpacker but it is still very playable . It almost seems to be designed to take abuse.Likes include 1 -RRB- all solid woods -LRB- mine even has an ebony fretboard which is unheard of for guitars under $ 1,000 . 2 -RRB- very playable - the action and neck scale make it easy to play with a pick or fingerstyle . My only dislike is the thin tone and low volume - ok for practice or a very small quiet jam session ,
 I got my Backpacker a few months ago and did n't expect to find myself playing it nearly every day . After I had the guitar set up and the action lowered slightly , it played wonderfully . You have to use the strap or it wo n't behave . But once you get used to it , it 's natural and is a great little guitar.Sure , like all the other reviews state very well , it does n't sound like a full size guitar . It sounds like someone used a graphic EQ to knock 15db off the 150hz slider . But this sound can still be useful for some recording projects for its own special character . Throw a capo on to hear the effect . Experiment!I did travel with my Backpacker and it survived the trip well . I 'm not fond of the soft , padded case . I had to keep my eagle eyes trained for anyone else who wanted to put their carry-on luggage on top of my Martin . Early on , I made the mistake of setting the Backpacker on a chair . Its top-heavy neck caused the guitar to tip over and fall on our hardwood floor . The top was cracked and mooshed in several spots . I paid nearly the original cost of the guitar to have it repaired & setup , and I do n't regret the expense for a minute . It plays even better now !
 I have a beautiful Martin D-41 , a couple of Fender electrics , and a Guild 12-string ... why this guitar ? Therapeutic ... I recently became paralysed and need help with A LOT ... why do I Love the Martin backpacker ?? Because I can retrieve it all by myself ; play it anytime , anywhere ; and , it gets my fingers -LRB- and hands and arms -RRB- back into playing mode ... it is not too heavy for me ... I can hold it up without using my knee -LRB- as I could in the good old days -RRB- ... the fingerboard feels like a Martin ... the strings are Martin ... the smell is hardwood ... the sound ? ... small , a tad tinny , but `` music to my ears ! `` For everyone else
 I own a Martin DC-15E , which for the non Martin afficianados is a Solid Mahogany , cut away , steel stringed guitar . It is a beatiful Instrument , but it is a bit large and heavy to lug up a mountainside or even go to outerspace , -LRB- a backpacker was specially made for an Astronaut who took it up with him on the shuttle Columbia in 1994 -RRB- so I bought a backpacker . It is a wonderful instrument . It is light enough to go backpacking , and it is ton 's of fun to play around the camp fire . It also has a beautiful voice . There is a reason why Martin is the oldest guitar manufacturer in America , and why it is considered by many to be the finest manufacturer of accoustic guitars in the world . That reason is evident even in the humble inexpensive backpacker , it is a joy to play ! Do yourself a favor , and if you are looking for a small guitar for backpacking or travel , do n't waste your time with anything else . Your enjoyment of the instrument has a direct relationship with it 's quality and you wo n't find that type of quality from any other manufacturer . They have instilled that quality in their workmanship since 1833 , and a gentleman named Martin still signs the checks there , so you know he cares what the instruments with his name on them sound like . I hope you enjoy yours as much as I enjoy mine . P.S. . If you happen to have a small hand like I do , you will truly appreciate the neck on the backpacker , sometimes I prefer it over my expensive DC-15E for it 's ease of play .
 This kit is n't anything great ... but it 's decent . The cymbal will bend on you pretty easily , but the snare is pretty good . Just be happy that you get something to play for this cheap , it 's a really good deal .
 I purchased this for my daughter , who is taking piano lessons and needed something for practice . This keyboard does not have speakers of its own , so you will need to supply some . It has two 1/4 inch jacks for headphones on the front as well as a 1/4 inch jack for output on the back . I have ours plugged into my stereo system , so we have good sound.The sound is not quite that of a real piano , but it is very close ; my daughter and I are both very pleased with the sound . Likewise , the feel of the keyboard is not the same either ; the semi-weighted keys have a lighter feel -LRB- which is expected with semi-weighted -RRB- . That said , however , the action is similar enough for this instrument to substitute for a real piano for practice.While she usually uses the piano function , my daughter does occasionally enjoy using one of the electric piano or organ modes for some tunes . We have not used the midi option at all , and have only played a little with the other options -LRB- transpose , pitchblend , etc -RRB- . My only complaint is with the foot pedal . It is not very responsive . The pedal must be fully and firmly depressed for the sustain function to work . A piano foot pedal works with a much lighter touch.Overall , this is an excellent keyboard for the price .
 I researched and was impressed with the great reviews of this piano . Reviewers noted that it did n't come with speakers and that you 'd have to get those . I did n't think it would be an issue as I have a few sets of speakers we use with laptops , etc. . The problem is that the piano input jack for speakers is 1/4 '' and most of the remote electronic speakers use a smaller jack . I wound up giving my 7-year old a piano she could n't hear for her birthday -LRB- NOT a good Dad move -RRB- . I wound up going to a local music store and buying a keyboard amplifier for about $ 150 . With that , everything is fantastic . My daughter is taking lessons and the teacher has commented on how nice the keyboard is . It has the important features like full keyboard and weighted keys . I recommend the keyboard , but know what you 're getting into with the need for speakers !
 First of all here a few things you need to consider before buying ... there 's no built-in stand for sheet music so you 'd have to go out and buy one of those stand alone ones . Second , there 's no built-in speakers so you have to buy separate speakers or an amp . That being said , the quality of sound is superb . I had a 61-key Casio non-weighted keys . Now I can finally practice whatever I want because I 'm not limited by the number of keys . It 's great for practicing but I would n't perform on it because I prefer the real thing to a digital piano
 The black notes are a bit shorter in lenght then needed for confort.The sound samples are indeed good but are not uniform - for all of the 7 sounds i can clearly hear the changes between samples in every octave . For example Piano 1
 I 'm a classical piano player and have had this keyboard for a few weeks now . I am quite pleased with it . It has great sound and is solidly built . As several others have mentioned , you will need external speakers or headphones and probably an adapter as well -LRB- male 1/4 '' to female 1/8 '' -RRB- . The foot pedal that is included does not actually depress , which makes for a very weird feel at first . The only other issue I have with mine is that a number of black keys are surprisingly difficult to press , but I imagine that should ease as time goes on . Overall , highly recommended !
 This is a wonderful piano . I played the piano when I was younger and am trying to reteach myself how to play . I knew this would be much more affordable than a standard piano . The feel of the keys is great . Like one user said , it almost feels like a hammer action piano . The sound is wonderful , very close to a piano 's sound , not recorded-sounding like many of them . It 's heavier and more solid than I expected it to be when I ordered it . As others have said , you will may a 1/4 '' headphone jack adapter if you use headphones with a 1/8 '' jack , which is the standard size . It does n't have built-in speakers , so you will also need to think about that . This is just a wonderful product . I ca n't believe the sound that you get for the money . I am having a great time learning how to play again . I think this is the best money I 've ever spent !
 You do n't need a pedal for this keyboard -- it 's perfect for someone like me in an apartment -- now with my headphones on I can practice 24 hours a day and never disturb my neighbors . The sound is very realistic .
 This keyboard is a great little keyboard , 7 solid sounds , minimum frills , great price and easy to transport . I use it mainly for recording . It is not really what I would call a road-worthy board , but in a static set-up , it 's perfect for me .
 I have had the keyboard now for five months and I love it . Played the piano as a kid , but had n't touched one for years . I do most of my playing at night when my husband is trying to sleep , so I use head phones and do n't even have it connected to speakers . I think the sound and the feel are realistic . Love the fact that it is light enough for me to easily move or carry . I did find the sustain pedal that came with it difficult to use and ordered a different one from M Audio that seems to feel more like a regular piano pedal . Am really happy with this piano . Seems to be an excellent value for the price .
 The description are indeed for the Big brother version , the 88 . . the SX is indeed lighter , 17 lbs , has 7 instruments , and semi-weighted keys ... my only gripe is the tremelo rate is not adjustable . . the depth is controlled by the mod wheel , but some of the rates on the E.P.s do n't seem to `` feel right '' , , could use a faster rate the organ patch isn ' y very convincing ; to much percussion , although you can obtain a pseudo fast leslie by selecting the highest chorus setting and cranking the mod wheel all the way.Other voices pretty good , it might benefit to use some external EQ on the sounds . .
 I 'm not a professional pianist by any stretch of the imagination.But I bought this keyboard a month ago and so far , I 'm satisfied with the features . I had to buy a speaker and an amplifier as I did not realise you need them for sound.I wish they had stated that in the desription for amateurs like myself .
 I ca n't believe how affordable this professional keyboard is . Great touch response , feels closest to a real piano I 've ever had -LRB- though my experience is limited -RRB- . I LOVE that it sounds just like a grand piano and now when I play I can reproduce the sounds of professionals . It 's very compact and minimal , which is my preference . Never been a fan of all the cheezy bells and whistles on keyboards , and the USB sync on this will allow me to use all those features anyway . GREAT VALUE for the price .
 When we first received this product I was upset to learn that it did not come with speakers . But after purchasing adequate speakers , I really feel that this product is worth the price . Its sound is rich and it has the most keys available .
 Bought this keyboard for my wife as a birthday present . She had been wanting to learn how to play piano and this was perfect for her . I bought a $ 10 set of computer speakers which would n't be good for a concert but work great for practice . We are both very happy with the piano . In regards to the dimensions , the piano is indeed not as deep as the description says so it takes up less space on a piano stand but it still is heavy enough to sit safely on any piano stand .
 We bought this for our eight year old . It is a very nice electronic piano for the price . I would highly recommend .
 This is the one I 've been waiting for . Anyone who has trained on a piano and wants a midi keyboard should give this one a try . Lightweight , good keyboard feel , and the controls that are lacking on most digital pianos ... mod wheel and pitch bend . Both of these are good quality . The pitch bend is my favorite of all that I 've used . Light enough that it can sit on the wide keyboard tray of my computer workstation with the little aluminum Apple keyboard between it and the monitor . With Reason software , it 's a complete digital recording studio at one desk . After years of smaller midi keyboards and a heavy Yamaha stage piano , this thing is just a treat .
 Becoming snowbirds & could n't bring the baby grand , nor go a day without tickling the ivories , so this 88 key lightweight is perfect for me . Glad I knew beforehand -LRB- by previous reviews -RRB- that I 'd need speakers & amplifier & headphones -LRB- & adaptors , as jacks are larger than the ones I had -RRB- , but found all that reasonably enough & I 'm happy with the sound ... also love that I can play while my hubby 's watching tv !
 I finally ordered this piano because , if the description was to be believed , it offered exactly what I was looking for
 I just received this piano yesterday and I am thrilled ! The two piano sound settings are some of the best I 've heard -LRB- and I 've read elsewhere that this piano and its bigger brother -- the ProKeys 88 -- have the best sound for any piano under $ 1000 -RRB- . The keys feel great considering they are semi-weighted , and the multiple velocity settings are very well implemented.When purchasing this piano , there are some things to keep in mind that can add to the overall cost . Most importantly , this keyboard does not have built-in speakers , so you will need a separate set and some good cabling to get sound for everyone to hear . Otherwise , if listening through headphones suits your needs , you 'll either need a pair with a 1/4 '' connector or a 1/8 to 1/4 '' adaptor if you want to use your MP3 player headphones . Fortunately , the piano does come with a USB cable and drivers , so you can use it as a MIDI device on your computer immediately . Finally , you may want to consider buying a keyboard cover in order to protect it from dust and the like.If you 're looking for more reviews , Keyboard Magazine has the one that influenced me to buy this piano . Overall , highly recommended !
 I 've been using this keyboard for about a month now . I was pleased that it comes with a USB cable to let you port your masterpieces to your computer as well as a sustain pedal . The sound quality is surprisingly good
 And what more could a beginner ask for ? I believe the 88SX 's keys are weighted enough for me to develop the appropriate touch . Just to keep it real , though , I make sure to play my pieces a few times every week on an upright piano to which I have access . The 88SX has not , apparently , `` under-trained '' me , as I find I play perhaps even better on the upright . Maybe someday I 'll come upon some speed limitations that one reviewer has noted , but if I do get to that point , I 'll be deliriously happy and most likely move up to something else . No speakers is ideal for the beginner , and there jacks for two headphones . I can bang away and know that I 'm the only one hearing my learning curve .
 I 'm using this piano for two purposes -- regular old playing and also as a midi controller for use withPropellerhead Reason 4.0 . As a piano , it 's a good full-sized keyboard for the price . It 's a light unit -LRB- 17 lbs -RRB- which is good for convenience sake , but sometimes it 's nice to have something a little more substantial . The action on the keys is fine -- it 's not like a real piano but for 300 something dollars , it 's not bad . The action on this piano is lighter -LRB- keys push down more easily -RRB- than on some of the other M-audio keyboards I 've tried , btw.As some reviewers have noted , in order to hear the piano , you 'll need to buy either a pair of headphones with a 1/4 '' jack or external speakers.I 'm using this keyboard as a midi controller with Reason , and it 's worked perfectly well . The software and drivers are easy to install , and it 's really just plug & play . Very simple.One last thing , this unit comes with a sustain pedal , so do n't make the mistake I did and order a sustain pedal , b/c you 'll just end up returning it . You should , however , probably buy a keyboard stand -LRB- I bought theWorld Tour Single X Keyboard Standwhich is working great -RRB- and music stand .
 I 've had this product for about 8 months . I was hesitant to get this keyboard due to some reviews stating it 's hard to play quickly with this . I 've found that I have no problem with speed on this keyboard . I may not be playing many songs with 16th notes , but for any casual player not looking to impress , this keyboard will suit you well.The only drawback I 've found is that the keys are just slightly harder to press than your more expensive keyboards and the pedal is almost completely useless . I 've placed a board underneath the keyboard to set the pedal on , and it works to some satisfaction , in the future I will buy a better pedal though.There are two headphone jacks , one can be used for speakers and one for headphones . This is great for not having to switch them out and get cords tangled . Have n't had any problems with the keyboard at all , sounds great after almost a year of heavy use.Update
 I bought this thing for two reasons
 I purchased the 88SX model based on the description on the site . However , portions of the description are for M-Audio 's model ProKeys 88 , the more expensive model . The 88SX has 7 great voices , is lightweight , easy to use and well worth the price . However , it does not have keyboard splitting functionality , 14 voices , sound layering capabilities or some of the other features mentioned in the description on line . I suspect that someone combined the descriptions of the two differnet models . I phoned Amazon and asked that they make a correction.Bottom line - for a basic keyboard , the 88SX is wonderful . It fills my needs perfectly . I am a gigging musician who does n't want to lug a weighted 88-key piano around . The 88SX has good voices , simple operation and is very easy to pack around .
 I bought this 88sx keyboard in May 2006 . It 's the first keyboard I 've ever played or owned . It has 128 note polyphony , inputs for three pedals !!! The only thing missing is split for the keyboard . For the price you get 7 awesome instruments , whereas some companies give you one good piano and 500 kiddy toy sounding instruments ! I really like the clavinet keyboard.It 's one up from a midi controller because you can just turn it on and start playing . I hooked it up to an old Panasonic receiver and Paradigm speakers and it sounds awesome . My midi pc uses the Grand 2 and M-audio 2496 sound card and with the 88sx ... it 's unbeatable ! -LRB- music is also awesome thru this audio card -RRB- . I would recommend this digital piano to any student or beginner because of the price and 7 awesome instruments .
 I bought this keyboard to take with me to college . I was looking for something that would be portable , but play like the real piano I had to leave at home . This keyboard is definatly everything I was looking for ... BUT there was one minor glitch when I got it out of the box . THIS KEYBOARD DOES NOT HAVE SPEAKERS !!!!! You have to buy them seperatley !!! Any you have to get special headphones . This keyboard really is made for people who are in bands and the like . It is still an amazing piano !!!! I love playing it ! But it does n't say anywhere on the product info that you need headphones or speakers to attach . Still love this keyboard though . It has a great feel . Even beethoven himself could n't imagine how great the moonlight sonata could sound on this keyboard !!!!!!! I shopped around forever for a great keyboard . You would have to pay over 1500 for a keyboard this good anywhere else .
 This was perfect for my needs . I wanted something I could use as a MIDI controller for myself , and that my kids could take thier piano lessons on .
 I compared the product decription to M-Audio 's website - the 88sx has 7 sounds , not 14 , and also weighs 17 1bs vs. 48 lbs . It almost appears that the descriptions for the 88 and the 88sx have been combined . I was going to purchase this , but I want to wait and make sure that I 'm getting the more lightweight model ! 48 lbs is a bit much to carry around .
 playing this is close to real piano , and price is very reasonable . Sounds it has is n't that great but I should say it 's fine unless you get some from other instrument .
 I have been working as a sound designer for almost twenty years and finally a program arrived that delivers everything I ever wanted -LRB- excluding midi -RRB- . The problem with most digital audio software is working within their idea of a workflow . SOUNDTRACK PRO allows me to manipulate and experiment with audio the way a graphic designer works with images . Better writers than I have elaborated on the details so I direct you to Len Sasso 's article in the September 2005 Electronic Musician magazine . You can read it online.Check this one out . It has been a long time since I looked forward to opening a program when it was time to work . No telling how many ideas I would explore that day!Paul Rajeckasrajeckas@aol.com
 I bought this guitar several years ago to bring to Renaissance Festivals and SCA events . It has been perfect for that purpose . It has a nice tone for its size . I would have liked it much better with a wider bridge -LRB- closer to the size of a regular guitar -RRB- because I have big hands , but with time I have become used to the size . Everyone wants to know what it is when they see it , when I tell them it 's really a guitar they are astounded !
 Finally broke down and bought a bag for all my sticks . So far great product with lots of room , lots of pockets - plenty of space all around . Only complaint is the jingling of all the zippers makes me sound like Santa Claus is walking right next to me .
 This is a very good starter kit for a young child -LRB- my kids are 5 and 3 -RRB- . It has everything you need , and it was pretty easy to assemble . The only knocks on this set -LRB- and I 'm really quibbling , considering the great price -RRB- is on the cymbals -LRB- They sound tinny -RRB- , and the pedals on the hi-hat and bass drum -LRB- they 're pretty noisy and not especially responsive -RRB- . Other than those issues , the sound is pretty good and the quality is surprsingly high for the price . I 'd definitely recommend this kit .
 We got this drum set for my 3 year old son on his birthday . This was his second set of drums . He absolutely loved it . I only wish it was more durable . He 's had it for several months now and we need replacement parts .
 I bought this exact model and color about 2 years and I have to say I am quite pleased with it . For the price I think these Pacifica 's are excellent starter guitars . The quality of build is very good , the pick-ups are decent and it looks great . It has a very versatile sound with the HSS setup and the only problem I have with the guitar is a little bit of fret-buzz on the 3rd string . Given how much I play A chords this is an annoyance but that is the only complaint I have with this guitar and it 's fixable quite easily so it 's no biggie . Over-all , I prefer this guitar to any of the more expensive guitars thay I have played -LRB- though I have yet to play an AU$ 1000 + guitar such as a Fender or Gibson -RRB- and I doubt I will ever get rid of it
 Great amp for practice and maybe small gathering . I use it to pratice and it sounds great . For the money spent it was well worth it .
 Bought it for my son and he stop using it so now I use it . It has a great sound for practicing in the house . . it stays in the living room and my wife do n't give me a hard time for throng off her living room look . I also use the headphones and tie in with a CD or sound on the computer . The sounds blend in pretty good . Great for the money .
 I purchased two of these . Very easy to use
 I received 10 of these today . Like another poster , instead of immersing them , I simply opened them and poured in some water . I did that with 4 of them . And like that poster it appeared to me after several minutes none of the water had been absorbed . So for the remainder , I decided to use a small 1/2 tsp measuring spoon and add the water 1/2 teaspoon at a time . That first 1/2 teaspoon got soaked up within 30 seconds . But the next 1/2 teaspoon sat there and and after 5 minutes I poured it back into the measuring spoon and it seems to have completely filled the spoon . So I think these hold only 1/2 tsp of water . Perhaps that is enough - I do n't know yet . But if nothing else - I think it shows that it would be quicker to simply open the top and add the 1/2 tsp of water than to completely immerse for 5 minutes and then wipe off . Like I said the amount of water it does take gets absorbed into it very quickly . I 'm rating a 4 only because it does sound from others that it works and I do n't have any evidence to the contrary yet . FYI they are 2 '' in diameter and 1 5/8 high .
 Works exactly as intended at a very smart price ! I have one in every guitar case I own ! You wo n't regret this purchase !
 This is Simple to use but hard to tell if it is making a difference . I do not regret getting it , just am not sure what difference I should be seeing ,
 Herco is a Jim Dunlop company and this little humidifier was suggested to me through someone who has used them for awhile . Dunlop is a trusted brand in guitar maintenance for the most part . I wanted to stay away from the typical humidifiers due to their tendencies to leak and stain the guitar wood . I have used this for a few weeks now and it still remians moist . The product came fast and the instructions are straight forward . I may order another if this one performs well .
 I received the product very quickly . This is the first time I 've used a humidifier so , hopefully , I 've followed the instructions correctly . All seems well .
 I bought one of these to put in my classical guitar case . My nephew just bought an $ 1800 Martin guitar and he also bought one . We each have different brands of hygrometers but they both read RH of 39 % to 41 % inside the cases . My house has 2 small room humidifiers going all the time in the winter which keeps the air somewhere around 30 % . His apartment is dry as a bone with no humidification at all.He probably gets down to 20 % when it 's really cold out and he has the heat cranked up . Yet the humidity in our guitar cases is the same.The reviewer who said they do n't absorb water at all is wrong . I weighed the Herco on an electronic gram scale when I bought it . Dry , it weighed around 75 grams . After soaking it for 5 minutes in a bowl of water , it weighed 80-85 grams . Then I zeroed out an empty bowl and started adding drops of water . It turns out the Herco absorbs about a teaspoon or two of water . Not much , but all you need to keep the guitar in a safe range . After all , all those people that advocate putting a sponge in a plastic container with holes drilled into it always tell you to wring it out . After you wring it out , how much water do you think is left . I 'd guess around a teaspoon . It just does n't take that much to humidify such a small space . The humidifier that came with my humidor for tobacco measures about 3x8x6 inches . The humidity goes to 68 % . That humidifier also only holds a teaspoon or so.Bottom line , it 's dangerous to put a humidifier inside the guitar . Much better to use a Herco . I resoak mine about every 2 weeks . When I first got it I 'd check the weight of it , knowing that if it went back to 75 grams , it was dry . After checking that a few times I came up with the 2 week time span.The absolute perfect humidity for a wooden musical instrument is somewhere between 40 to 50 % . The Herco keeps it in the lower range of that here in wintry New England .
 This comes without directions so it might be useful to know
 My guitar stays in good shape using this humidifier . It is recommended by my luthier that has over 40 years of experience .
 I bought 2 of these little jewels after having a very bad experience with my Ovation 6-string acoustic guitar . I was living in Victorville , CA -LRB- high desert -RRB- for 19 years and I never considered the very dry humidity effect on my guitars . One evening I heard a loud bang and a sound like 6 guitar strings breaking at once . What had happened is that the wooden bridge on my Ovation had dried out over the years and finally the wood just disintegrated and broke apparently because it had dried out so badly . It cost me a lot to get it repaired and took over six months for the luthier to find the correct matching parts and to remove the remains of the old bridge without damaging the guitar finish . He did an amazing job but I do n't want to ever go through that again . I now keep the Herco Guardfather in with my 6-string and 12-string Ovation guitars and I believe that they do make a difference . A few years will tell for certain . I figure that the Herco Guardfather is an inexpensive insurance policy for my guitars and is definitely worth the investment . Just soak them in water for about 5 minutes every couple of weeks then pour off the excess , wipe off the case , snap it shut and put it in with your guitar . Could not be simpler . Sweetwater Sound has these for $ 3.99 with free shipping . That 's where I got mine via the Amazon website .
 I know this is probably more for a guitar , but I have a few solid wood ukes that need humidity to be happy , so I bought this . You open the lid , submerge it into water for 5 minutes -LRB- you may see some bubbles escaping - that 's cool -RRB- , and then wipe off the excess water , close the lid and pop into your case . Do this once-twice a month and you 're golden . Works well by me .
 This is a simple container that holds a ceramic-like material that absorbs water . Let it soak , dry it off , and stick it in your case where it will slowly dry out . As it dries , that humidity ends up somewhere - and that somewhere is , at first , your case!It 's a bit too big for my mandolin case , but I got it to fit with a little creativity . And therefore , 5 stars for price , function , and simplicity .
 This is a very simple concept but does the job with keeping the moisture level in a case . Very inexpensive . Downside is that you need to remember to soak the humidifier every couple of weeks to restore the moisture once again .
 Living in the desert , these are irreplaceable ! 2 per guitar case keep humidity at 43 % with no issues , refilling once in about three weeks .
 I like these humidifiers . Works if you keep it with instrument in your case , and upkeep is minimal . Work on all strings very well , but be careful , easy to fall out of case , so just be careful !
 I use two of these during the winter month inside my acoustic guitar case . Seems to work , as the house humidity is often in the low 20 % range while the guitar case stays around 40 % humidity -LRB- which I measure once in a while -RRB- . But I needed two of the units to get the 40 % humidity . I re-soak both clay cylinders for 5 minutes about every two weeks . Spring through Fall humidity is high enough that I do n't need these units . They are small enough that they easily fit into your case . They do n't drip , either . Cheap , easy solution.regards , Waddie
 I have used a lot of drum sticks but these are some of the best I have ever had . They are extra light so your speed stays up and you do n't tire out in the middle of a set . That way you can plays several fast songs in a row.Theses sticks do n't tend to fall apart like some thers I have had . The nylon tip helps out on that . These are also long enough you can reach out and hit the cymbal without having to come out of your seat to get there.I used these once and I was hooked so I ordered more . Unless I find something better , this is all I will ever use . Vic Firth is the best !
 I ordered these earrings and was very excited when they came just in time for my piano recital . I was especially happy to see that they have a brighter and shinier finish than the pictures give them . From the picture I thought they were going to be more matte in luster , but I was glad they came more shiny . They are a little smaller than I anticipated as I usually wear very long and dangly earrings , but I still like them very very much . My piano teacher wanted to know where I got them . So they make a great gift !
 These musical note earrings are adorable and were bought for a young woman who was a music major at college . She often wears them .
 i really do n't know what to put except i like it so i would recommend it too you face to face .
 The strap is much more comfortable than my original neckstrap . Conforms to the neck , no stretch . THe adjusment is a little annoying to use though . Overall , a great product !
 I generally use a Seiko SQ-50 -LRB- ASIN B0002F7GX2 -RRB- when practicing , but this one has some great features for drummers that the Seiko lacks.First , for the slower tempos from 40 to 60 beats per minute you can select the beat in two-beat increments versus the four-beat increments that the Seiko is fixed at . From 60 through 72 beats the increments are three-beat , increasing to four-beat from 72 through 120 , the range from 126 through 144 is in six-beat increments , increasing to eight-beat increments for the remainder of the range , which stops at 208 . While the faster tempo increments have coarser settings than the Seiko -LRB- and the Seiko goes to 240 beats -RRB- , the smaller increments at slower tempos is a plus.Second , this metronome is LOUD , which is a feature that drummers will appreciate . I also like the ability to set accents to occur anywhere in the two to six beat range . This is another wonderful features for drummers.It uses both audio and visual clues -LRB- a clack and LED lights -RRB- , and has a headphone jack.This metronome has won me over . I still use my Seiko , but find myself using this one more and more . If you 're a drummer I strongly recommend that you give this one a try .
 Reason I bought one
 I 've owned the Sabine zipbeat for almost two years . Use the heck out of it and the battery lasts a long time . Beats are steady , loud and accurate . I bought fancier -LRB- more $ -RRB- metronomes , but I always go back to this one . So , I got rid of the others - this one ca n't be topped .
 I have never used a metronome before but needed it for Taiko -LRB- Japanese drumming -RRB- practice . When I got the product it was easy to use right out of the package . It has this great led light that will help you anticipate your next beat visually as well and provide steady rhythm . The only thing that was a bummer was the free ear-bud stinks . It 's a short cord , and does n't stay together very long . Even though the ear-bud was n't great , this item is worth every penny .
 This metranome is a great choice for anyone who plays an instrument and wants a great metranome for a great price . It has many features like 40 - 200 + beats per minute . Also , there are bright LEDs and many sound choices . If you bought another metranome with all these features it would cost you much more . I highly reccomend this metronome !
 With two kids into music , we were changing metronome every year . But this is a pretty good metronome , we have been using it for two years ! Only complaint is the volumn can not be adjusted . It can get very annoying when it used with Piano . We use a rubber band to wrap around the speaker . In general , this is a good , economic metronome for young music students .
 The bpm increases in steps of 4 instead of unit steps , which is a small minus.Overall , I think its a good deal for the price .
 I have been at an university majoring in music education . This metronome has been my faithful servant , always keeping me in time . I think it has a good , solid beat that does n't get annoying after hours and hours of practice . I would recommend it to anyone .
 Ca n't beat this product for the $ $ $ . My daughter likes it much better than the wooden conventional type metronome , sad to say . Our piano teacher , whose family is heavy into orchestra , liked the Zipbeat6000 due to its volume capability .
 I think the item is well worth the price . It works well . The only complain I have is that it is very loud , and the headset is not practical . However , after putting a couple pieces of tape over the speaker , it is manageable .
 It 's a very good product with this price , loud enough , easy to use and convenient to put in the pocket .
 Very Good - Even without headphones , this little gem will loudly help you keep the beat or pace a race which I use it for when I jog or hit the treadmill . Volume is adjustable and the LED 's are another plus . Plenty of settings for speed and patterns of the tic 'n and tock ` n. Price is good . Reccomend !
 Easy to use and very portable . Audible signal that is not overly irritating . Helps me to keep my beat and meter . . or is that measure with my beat . . -LRB- smile -RRB- ... My feel for the beats in a measure have really improved since I 've started using the 6000 .
 I have been playing all my life . Now that I have kids i 'm trying to teach them the right way . This Metrome helps keeps my 10yr . old interested and in time when playing the piano . It was sugested by his teacher and as long as he uses it I would think this simple device helps .
 An inexpensive metronome that does the job . I can actually hear the clicks with fairly substantial volume at high distortion levels on my Line 6 Amp . Well worth the money !!
 I purchased this metronome for my six year old son as advised by his piano teacher . Have used it for a few weeks . I am not an expert , but think this product is as expected .
 As an older guitarist -LRB- 48 -RRB- who has been playing 30 + years , its great to see so many metronome choices . What I really like about this unit is that you have the large dial and its easy to set tempos rather than scrolling through a menu on a LCD screen.Two ways in which this unit could be improved - volume control as other reviewers have mentioned , and I 'd like to see more of these units with belt clips , so you could clip them to your belt , plug in the earphone and walk around and practice without being tied in one room or place - or have your electric guitar overwhelmed by the ticking if you are practicing unplugged .
 a very LOUD metronome and has been reliable so far for me for about a year . Better than the metronome I had before .
 I was leery about purchasing a drum online but the price seemed so good I thought I 'd risk it . Glad I did . The drum looks good and has a very nice sound . I 'd recommend it to those needing a good amateur drum .
 I am very pleased with the Remo 14 `` pretuned Buffalo Drum . I am learning rhythms on it for sure . Thank-you Great service , great drum !
 Great tone not heavy to hold !! Am hoping I can find a case for it and instruction book . Thanks
 My native American Spirit Guide who helps me do emotional clearing on people during my energetic healing sessions told me to get a drum a few months ago . Since purchasing this drum he has guided me on drumming and chanting together and I am loving every minute . The structure of this drum is excellent . I think it will last a ling time . And the sound , of course , is amazing . You are able to play it loud or soft or anywhere in between .
 This buffalo drum has a very nice , deep sound to it . Nicely made as well . I am very happy with it - great bargain - price is very reasonable for what you actually get !!
 I bought 18 drums for a group , which allowed me to see them all . The quality was very good in all of them . The sound almost the same , but still slightly different , in a way . Having a natural color , we could paint it , thus personalizing it . And the drumming all together sounded very nice !
 This is a great drum with wonderful tone and sound . I bought it for a gift and the person absolutely loved it .
 This drum has a beautiful sound ! It is easy to hold and is excellent for Drumming Circles , meditations , and other similar uses .
 The Remo 14 '' Pretuned Buffalo Drum was just as described in the ad . The item arrived quickly and I am very pleased with the quality ! Thank you !!
 My son has special needs and he is taken ` Music Therapy ' at school . The therapist told he really likes the ` Buffalo Drum ' . So , for his birthday we bought him this drum . He just loves playing this drum . While playing the drum he becomes very verbal for us .
 I drum in Shamanic journey circles . Unfortunately I live near the river and the humidity is intense . My skin drums can get pretty flat at times . I ordered the Remo 14 '' drum because another drummer suggested it would work for me . I love the drum . The tone is perfect . I can take it anywhere no matter how humid the weather is . Nancy
 Was looking for a drum that did NOT involve animal hide . This drum , with synthetic covering , has an incredible sound . Highly recommended .
 This is definitely not a toy . Its as real as any real drum I 've ever seen or played . It has an excellent deep tone to it . this drum would sound great in any native American drum ceremony . I am very pleased to own it . I plan on painting a buffalo on the head soon .
 I bought this Remo 14 '' Pretuned Buffalo Drum to use outside as a standalone instrument , therefore tuning it in relation to other drums was not an issue . I wanted one which would produce the sound I wanted and be reasonably tolerant of varying temperatures and humidity . I wanted it to be easily portable and durable.This product met all those criteria . Struck sharply in the middle of the drumhead , the sound is what I would expect from a buffalo drum with several seconds of reverberation .
 I now have three drums ! My most recent purchase is the Buffalo drum which is a bit smaller than my other drums . The sound is very nice . One of my drums is made of elk hide and the other with deer hide . Their sound can vary with the temperature and the humidity . The Buffalo drum from Amazon uses man-made materials which pretty much insures consistent sound year round regardless of the temp and the humidity . A friend told me that it has the sound of a Journey drum . It arrived soon after purchase , and the price was VERY good . I would recommend this drum for all ages ; it is great !
 i do not think of this drum as a toy since i use it for shamanic purposes . i like it . has a great sound .
 I ordered this product before attending my first drumming , just hoping upon hope that it would get here in time . Not only did it get much quicker than expected , I got it in plenty of time to use sharpie pens to decorate the sides before the drumming . The sound of the drum was truly wonderful , and everyone at the drummming loved it too . I am very pleased with the quality , but also the useability of the product . My sister ordered a drum , hers did n't get here in time , and when it did it was not easy to hold to use . Mine was so easy to hold , and everyone I shared it with was impressed . I highly recommend Remo 14 '' Pretuned Buffalo Drum
 I was very pleasantly surprised by the wonderful tone and quality of this drum . I proudly use it in Drum Circle . Definitely recommend it for adults as well as older children .
 As I live in Florida all my drums go flat with the humidity except my Remo Buffalo drums . I love them.Helen
 The screen asks `` how much fun is this toy ? How would you rate this toy ? etc. . It 's NOT a toy - I use it professionally . It 's plenty loud - if you are looking for a toy buy a much smaller one .
 I love this mallet . I use it across the entire range of the instrument -LRB- when practicing and in rehearsal -RRB- , regardless of the dynamic situation . Warming up , learning/working out a new piece , practicing , sectionals , and rehearsal . All the situations this mallet is perfect for . Just found a stash of these at my school . So exited ! I have made a list of what mallets in the series are good for what purpose.MarimbaM181 - Great for Warm Up , and practiceM182-Great for most situations ; softer than 183M183-Perfect for all range situations ; for higher than 3 octaves try M184M184-Favorite mallet in the series ; All around articulate and projecting malletVibraphoneM186-Great all Purpose MalletM188-Great for a section leader needing to cut through the ensemble
 This product is also
 As can be seen , these are beautiful . They are also functional . Be warned however , these are very large and fit an oldschool archtop headstock -LRB- DeAngelico etc. -RRB- . This is the original design , but copies which fit smaller standard headstocks are available from Shaeller .
 If you audition for any type of musical theatre this book is a MUST . No more marking up sheet music and hoping the accompanist can follow it . I was actually asked by a director that I auditioned for where I got the book so he could recommend it to others . He said nothing annoys him more than when someone butchers a song because they do n't know how to edit it to 16 bars . It helped me get the part ! That 's all the proof I needed to know it was money well spent .
 if you play guitar and can read music or tabs , and you love iron maiden . . then this is a must have ... . good song selection ...
 I bought the Remo hand drums on the reccomendation of a friend . I used them to make light weight short scale banjos . This is one of the best made hand drums I have come across . The banjos I made from them are very sturdy and sound great . Although I do not use them for their original intended purpose ; I can assure anyone that they are sturdy and very well made .
 I bought this to use it in a competition , but I ended up not using it because we could n't get the hang of it . Because it 's small , it 's hard to hold and play with your hands . If you do get the drum , make sure you get the drum mallets with it . Otherwise , it 's very difficult to play . On the other hand , I had my brother bang it with spoons and pens and it has n't ripped or broken , so it 's durable .
 the fact that the drum has a wooden rim , and a quality head , makes it perfect for making a small open back banjo.Deering Goodtime 5-String Banjo
 It is definitely a high intensity light . I use it for my monster 2500 power center to light up my rack . Its great in dark situations where you need a bright light to adjust settings on rack units or a mixer . The 18 inch model is nice because on the shorter depth racks , it can reach all the way back to light the back of the rack for easy hook ups of wire . Gave it four stars because the light seems to sit a little loose in the xlr light connector . Maybe this is common for xlr lights . Otherwise it 's great
 This Remo Set of 6 Pretuned Hand Drums is a great investment . To buy each on separately would have cost quite a bit more . They are well-made and sound wonderful . I use them for my 6th grade class along with some leather hand drums -LRB- which often lose their tone due to dampness and cold weather -RRB- .
 Extremely high quality ! Well worth the extra money compared to the cheaper brands ! I love the high quality sound and durable-ness . Realize that the biggest drum is probably too big for your K , 1 , 2 's to hold and play . I teach K-8 and my older kids love the huge hand drum , and the really little ones can set it on the floor and play rhythms with partners with the big drum .
 I love my drum . I only wish I got a bigger one . I love to do drum circles . Very relaxing !
 I got this bow for around $ 110 where it was available from a different vendor . It makes my violin like having a whole other instrument . I am now starting to see how profoundly the bow affects the violin 's sound . I do n't know if all samples of this make are the same -LRB- all wood pieces are unique -RRB- , but mine gives great fire to the sound produced by the strings . I compared it to a French pernambuco bow at 3 times the price , and this bow beats it for responsiveness , volume and rich tone quality . The stick is the most flexible of any bow I 've tried . You can smell the scent of the wood , which is very spicy -LRB- the `` Brazilwood '' bows I have do n't have scent -RRB- . Violins are clearly complex systems , and I ca n't imagine the physics and mechanics that produces these differences . But this bow is my `` ultimate '' so far .
 It sounds just great . I 'm very happy with it . Starting a drum class with it soon . It looks very nice too .
 Just the right mallets at a good price . Could not find any locally so Amazon was the next best place to easily find them .
 I had previously purchased another frame drum , a bodhr&aacute;n , but it was n't what I had been expecting . So I did more research , and purchased this product instead.I wanted a frame drum that you could play with your fingers as in middle eastern style . I got exactly what I wanted with this drum . It 's nice and deep , and has a range of tones depending on where you strike it with your fingers and the way in which you strike it . It seems to sustain a good bit of pressure , so there 's no fear of breaking the skin accidentally.I put a string through the provided holes , so now I can play it while standing up as well , hanging the drum from around my neck , and the sound is even better this way .
 This is the best price I found on a drum like this . It 's a very nice and sturdy drum that will sit well on your lap and will sound amazing . If you are looking into buying a big and non-expensive frame drum DO IT !
 This book was my introduction to Jazz guitar playing , and Jazz music in general . The book not only taught me to play songs , it also introduced me to the genre of the Jazz Standard . From this springboard , I have been able to delve deep into traditional Jazz standards and learn the theory of how they are constructed . I did not know that all these years , the songs I had listened to and loved were actually known as jazz standards.Anyway , getting back to the book itself , I have really enjoyed this guitar play-along book/CD set , as I have others in the Hal Leonard guitar play-along series . The CDs are excellent , even for just casual listening , and the tabulature is accurate . I have been playing guitar for three years , and found the guidance in this book to be excellent . Some songs , such as `` Satin Doll , '' were only moderately difficult , while others , such as `` Blusette '' were a little hard for me to play at speed . Also , my chord playing was weak , so this also presented a challenge on some songs , but here is where the beauty of the Hal Leonard guitar play-along series comes in.I utilized the slowdown feature of the CD , playing it on my computer and running a line into my Boss MicroBR digital recorder . I recorded the songs `` How Insensitive '' , `` Blusette '' , and `` Satin Doll '' at slower speeds , and then played them through my little PA system at this slower speed . After learning the song , I would play along with the tracks and over time , have been able to play them at speed , even `` Blusette '' , which is played at 208 beats per minute -LRB- 3/4 time -RRB- . The songs are a mixture of single note solos and chord-melody . You can use either a pick , fingers , or in my case , a combintation of both , depending on the song . I have the other Hal Leonard Jazz guitar play-along , volume 44 , and found it to be great as well , although I did not like some of the songs . With volume 16 , I liked ALL of the songs.Finally , I like the format of this play-along series . Some play-alongs have you adjust the balance knob to remove the guitar part so you can play along . This series , instead , has two recordings of each song , one with the lead guitar part , and the other without , allowing you to just play that track on a CD-playing device , and at the same time , play your guitar along with it , hence the name `` play-along . `` But be careful when you order , because there are two versions of this play-along item - one with a CD and one that does not have a CD . Earlier , I accidentally put this same review on the version that does not have a CD . I wonder if I can delete or modify that review so as to not mislead anyone ... ?
 A great place to start . I have played for years and went to school for music and just recently picked this up . I have been mostly a rock player -LRB- minor pent , minor , modes -RRB- and still love this style but I find country and rockabilly in particular always escaped me . I needed to just get some real examples under my fingers and now the fog is lifting . This book and cd come with an amazing program ` slow downer software '' and just that alone merits the price . Slow downer takes any mp3 and slows it down but not the pitch , unless you want . While `` rock this town '' was more familiar in style to me I most enjoyed the beginning travis picking on '' mystery train . `` Enjoy
 This works well , and appears to be pretty well put together . It does have a very plasic-y feel due to the outer casing , though , and is not as flexible as what I am used to . I just needed a couple cheap cables for rehearsal and these fit the bill .
 As a keyboardist for over 42 years , I take my equipment seriously and enjoy finding quality products . If the product is also a good price , well , that 's `` icing on the cake '' as they say . But more importantly is the quality of the product and whether it will hold up to the rigors of performance after performance . No one wants to be in the middle of a concert and have the sound on their instrument stop going out to the audience because of a malfunction ; especially a CABLE!I LIKE LIGHTSNAKE !! The durability , dependability and quality sound they offer is what everyone musician wants in their gear.Thank you for making a product I can believe in and purchase at a good price !! Wow ! what a novel idea ! Quality AND value !
 This is a great mallet ! Fairly priced . Works great on my Remo talking drum . Wish only that the Remo came with it.Should last a lifetime .
 A music therapist I work with let me try this drum while we were visiting with a hospice patient . What a wonderful and beautiful surprise ! We did not beat this drum , but rather gently shifted it back and forth making lovely ocean sounds . The therapist said she uses it to calm and relax . You can move the drum to match breathing patterns for the sick or young . I instantly ordered one for myself and my kids !
 I 'm not an instrument player or drummer ... I bought this because it does sound like the ocean . I use the ocean drum to help calm my nerves after a stressful day . I 've always found the ocean to be calming but , I ca n't always get to the sea for that so I brought the sea to me . Just a few minutes holding the drum and listening to the beads inside roll like the waves helps a bunch ! This is sturdy , easy to hold and maneuver and is a great size to be able to handle while meditating .
 What a wonderful , unusual hand drum that does so much for entertaining kids .
 nice sound . we 've also got the larger 16 &#34; version . we use the percussion instruments to accompany the choir . sounds like the ocean
 i 've tried it out twice , i walked out the backdoor -LRB- old kustom 24l about 10 ' inside room -RRB- walked out a good 75 ' and was still getting cable quality sound . so i decided to add obstacles , 50 ' feet away -LRB- small yard -RRB- through walls and appliances . still sounded great . the base has no on/off function , and the pack seems on the cheapish side , but i 'm a function before style kind of guy . this is my first wireless rig , so i ca n't compare , but it does what i want it to . i 'm buying another for backup as soon as i find one available .
 The Lightsnake is very useful . I 've found it to be a great help with recording . Thanks Kindly .
 This works but its bulky kinda gets in the way a little but it does what it needs to do hooks up to my computer flawlessly and I can record my guitar playing even through an effects pedal and even hear what its going to sound like by dual routing another phono cord to my amp which helps cause if you do n't do that you ca n't hear what you are recording.But overall its a really good product .
 this is a great chord it works great . . i did have to do a little configuring on my mac but all it all im very happy
 If you have a Mac and an electric guitar , this is a definite necessity to unleash the power of Garage Band .
 I could not find this cord anywhere and here it is , It works great and the price is extremely reasonable for a type of cord like this when just the little converter box cost about $ 150 . Why wast money on that when you can get the same type of thing but with a cord ... The product came on time said , the price was good and the cord sounds and works like a charm , I actually used it in a band to record
 This product does exactly as it says and works great ! I tried it going from my iPod to GarageBand so that I could back up two songs I had purchased but lost from my iTunes Library . Had no issues doing that . Very easy ... user friendly . Good price too !
 Got this for my husband for christmas . It was slightly tricky to figure out , but once I got every thing hooked up and installed right , it was easy to use . Still trying to figure out how to get sound while playing thru the computer , but , luckily the cord has a built in splitter so you can run it to your amp for realtime sound while recording .
 I bought this product from my local Guitar Center for the -LRB- seemingly -RRB- standard price of $ 40 about a month ago . Then I purchased Amplitube , an amp modeling program for my PC . Since then , I have sold both of my amplifiers because , simply put
 ... Provided you follow the directions . The people writing the bad reviews of this product seem to have difficulty reading the very specific directions regarding how to get your computer to recognize it . For Garageband , the easiest way is to plug the cord in BEFORE you open Garageband , then open Garageband and open Preferences ... then go to the audio plug-in . Garageband wo n't recognize it , but you can still use it . It just wo n't have an officially recognized name.The product itself works well , given the price , however I found that it had a tendency to sit loose inside the guitar jack , not tight like a typical high-end guitar chord . What does that mean ? It means you have to sit still while you 're recording . If you move too much , the jack might come loose and your recording will pick up a very audible `` CLICK . '' Other than that , the quality is quite decent .
 This cable does what it 's supposed to . I 've heard many people just give up on this product without actually getting it to work in the first place . Yes it 's true that the company who makes the lightsnake cable declares it as plug and play but that does n't mean you can pop open any program . With that being said I have gotten this product to work on Mac OSX10 , Vista , and XP . Furthermore I have also gotten this cable to record using Adobe Audition , Sony Acid pro 6 and GarageBand . The trick to making this work on XP/Vista is a driver called ASIO4All which will then let you select the usb cable as an input . Use google to answer your questions before giving a bad review . For the price the quality is great and I 'd recommend it .
 I have used this cable with both my guitar and my keyboard and I have very few gripes with this product.Pros : - Excellent Quality -LRB- See Cons -RRB- - Simple To Use-It GLOWS!Cons : - While the quality was amazing for my guitar , the keyboard had a TON of static and lowered quality . This may have been the keyboard , but I 'm pretty sure it is n't . - Sometimes -LRB- very rare -RRB- , even the littlest movement will cause static or popping.-This may just be my amp , but the cord refuses to work with the headphone port of my distortion amp.This was an overall good buy , and it 's useful for home-studios IF you use computers for mastering/recording/producing . It works on my PC w/FL Studio 8 and on my Mac w/Garage Band .
 I have used this cable for a few years for recording my Casio electronic piano onto my computer and I love it . Once you set it up for the first time , it is quick and easy to use with a nice sound quality .
 I got the Lightsnake because it was so cheap . Compared to the $ 200 recording tools that my local music stores offered , $ 40 for a simple tool won me over . I expected the quality to be terrible . I was definetly surprised when I plugged in the Lightsnake and within 5 minutes I was able to record some guitar riffs with pretty good quality . The reason the Lightsnake is so cheap is because it does n't come with recording software . The software costs about $ 150 . I lucked out and was able to use a friends Soundforge . I definetly recommend the lightsnake to anyone who 's interested in making simple recordings
 I bought the light snake for my father a few years ago . He 's been using it and never had an issue . We did n't talk about his experiences with it , but he never mentioned anything bad about it . He plays the electric bass . I believe he has a Dean.I play the acoustic guitar but I recently purchased an electric guitar ; ESP LTD KH-202 Kurt Hammett Signature.I purchased the light in lieu of an amp because the only reason I really bought an electric guitar was to practice more quietly while my daughter is sleeping.When I took the lightsnake out of the package , I plugged it in and it worked with no issues . Windows 7 picked it up right away , and within a matter of minutes , I plugged my guitar in and started playing.Note
 Well , it has seeds in it that sound like the ocean ; there is a beautiful picture of fishon the drum head and it 's just a really nice drum with a beater .
 I have been using Quik-Lok products for a long time , but this is my favorite . I needed desk space and easy access for my workstation . This gives me both ! My workstation is no longer on my desk and the stand is small and light , so I can take it anywhere with me . It 's really easy to assemble . Unlike the Quik-Lok speaker stands I purchased , the Mixer stand comes with instructions . The wheels make it easy to move also . I like it . I would definitely refer it to a friend . It 's cheap in cost and very solid .
 When I ordered this stand for my Boss BR-1600 , it appeared to be just what I was looking for , and did n't know was available until doing a search.The recorder is large , and placing it flat on a table made it difficult to use . It needed to be held at an angle because when both hands are on the guiar it 's necessary to reach out and push puttons or slide mixer controls.The Quil-Lok QL-400 did all of this and much more . Right out of the box it was quick to assemble without reading the manual . It is fully adjustable in every way . The stand is solid , and the castersare good quality . Moving it is easy , and attaching cords , and plugs are all open to do so.This stand is more than I expected in terms of function , and the look is very nice in the home providing a professional look .
 This toy/musical instrument was of excellent quality , and something I know my granddaughter will enjoy now . It is sturdy and has a true musical tone , and I hope will also be a learning instrument for her as she grown older . I would definitely recommend it !
 The triangle is nice , the sound is nice . But the red ball , which you must have in order to hold it , will probably be lost because it slips off too easily , there 's no way to keep it fixed to the open triangle and if you 're getting this for a child , the red ball will probably be nowhere to be found after the first day .
 Very sturdy item . My 5 year old granddaughter is very musically inclined and she loves it . That makes Grandma happy !
 This triangle has a nice sound and is great for young children . I only wish that the little hanger was attached better . It slipped off hundreds of times and we eventually lost it . We 've looped a thick elastic hair band around the top and our daughter can bang away now .
 Lovely , non-intrusive sound . Perfect for classroom . We use it for Daily 5 meetings . It 's less harsh than a bell and has an inviting sound .
 This si a great product to use to get a dinner party 's attention before making an announcement . It is also useful for gathering your husband 's attention when you need to say something important -LRB- always -RRB- . You can also use it to chime while driving in your car to a good song on the radio .
 A triangle is not only an instrument played by kindergarten-aged children . It can be used to clear an atmosphere . This triangle is very reasonably priced and postage is free ! I am not sure how the vendor can afford to offer such a good deal !
 I ordered this item so my grandchildren could play music together . I t will help them be able to stay together and learn to keep the rhythm of music they play together on the piano and violin .
 The sound is pretty clear , not tinny/cheap-sounding . It would be nice if the knob had a little longer string on it though .
 I purchased this to add to my toddler 's music instrument collection . He enjoys playing this , and the sound is pleasing . Unfortunately , the elastic string and the plastic knob it came with is very poor quality . I 've learned that a small stand can be purchased or made that would hold the triangle and eliminate the need for the string and knob which just falls off when not in use . . Paco Triangle with StandFor less than five bucks I 'm still satisfied .
 This little harp is a real beauty , the sound is comparible to many famous expensive harps . The workmanship is excellant and professional . This is a excellant harp for the money .
 This pedal is pretty darn good . I 've owned several over the last couple of years and this is one of the best . It finds the note fairly fast and is accurate in tuning . Very easy to use , a simple on/off foot switch . There is also an option to use this pedal as a mute switch when in tuning mode . The construction is very sturdy and can hold up to a lot of abuse . Overall it 's a great pedal !!!
 I bought this 14 '' rototom for variety of applications with our quintet brass ensamble . There are renaissance pieces that need more of a timpani kind of sound , others are more into military drum . Instead of having a set of different percussion instruments , we use just this one rototom with different sticks , sometimes dampening the head etc. I have studied timpani for years -LRB- played on 4 ludwig pedal timpanis -RRB- and I must agree this 14 '' Rototoms with timpani head really have timpani-sounding characteristics . About the quality , even if I just received my 14 '' rototoms , but I can say we have had 8 '' and 10 '' Rototoms for many years in a percussion ensamble and the quality really is great and durable.I got it tohether with the remo stand with 4 '' bar , this stand is very sturdy and heavy .
 I have used and owned a couple dozen different tube and non tube amps . Although nothing can beat the sound of a tube amp if you are looking for a great play at home amp with great sound this is an excellent choice . I am much more basic with my sound without alot off effects but for a few hundred bucks this thing can do so much and create so many sounds you can spend hours playing around with different settings and having a blast creating new sounds . I also love the fact that you are just a few button pushes away from finding many of your favorite bands sounds . The push button tuner is also a great feature.No this is not going to be your go to amp for playing on stage but as a nice small practice amp with great sound and features I think this ia a great buy .
 I 've owned this amp for a little over a six months and am still finding new sounds to explore with my ESP -- not to mention the 75 watts of power is more than enough for most gigs and the price can not be beat .
 good sound to my les paul epefhone guitar an my othre musical intruments haaaaaaaa i liked it be sure of that .
 Este amplificador es todo lo que esperaba de el , tiene una calidad de sonido muy buena , asi como una potencia increible para ser de 75 watts . De hecho cuando me propuse probar la potencia en volumen 7 tuve que bajar el volumen inmediatamente porque a mi papa le di un susto increible jejeje.Tambien trae unos 400 efectos distintos que le dan mucha versatibilidad , asi que si buscan algo bueno bonito y barato , no busquen mas !
 I am new to the world of electric guitars , but have been playing acustic for a couple of years now . So I bought a new Fender Stratocaster , and this amp . All I can say is holy crap this thing is awesome . I do n't even know what 3/4 of the little knobs do , all I know is that I can spend hours a day messing around and creating totally crazy sounds . And this thing is LOUD , I 've only had the balls to turn it a little past 1/2 way ... when I did this I tried playing and talking to my wife and it was useless , she could n't hear a word I was saying . I ca n't imagine 3/4 volume or all the way power . Since I do n't have any experience with effect pedals I really ca n't comment on how the built in effects measure up , but to a rookie they sound pretty cool . I 'm not sure I will ever understand all of the features or how to use them like a professional , but that 's why I bought this amp cause I figured it would be hard to grow out of for a casual player with no aspirations of performing in public .
 I am also new to the Electric Guitar and also have been playing an Acoustic -LRB- Martin D-28 Marquis -RRB- for the last couple of years and agree that this amp is incredible . I wanted to get into electric because of the versatility of the sound -LRB- Electrics are also easier to play -RRB- . This amp gives you that ability with the touch of a button . You have to play around with it to get to the settings you want . I still have not figured all of the options out . The directions on where or how to get to a specific setting are lacking/non-existent . I brought a friend over that has been playing Electric for over 25 years and the amp blew him away , so want can a novice such as myself say about it but Great ! He has several amps for different sounds and uses all kinds of foot pedal controls to get his `` Presets '' for his amps . These are built right into this amp.I went to the `` Guitar Center '' to buy my `` Gibson '' , `` Vintage Mahogany '' `` Les Paul Studio '' guitar and was going to purchase a Marshall Guitar stack amp but was redirected by the sales guy to this Line 6 amp . The amp was over a hundred dollars cheaper than the Marshall and does all of these things at the push of a button . The amp was made for me or anyone else who would rather play their guitar and not sit around for hours figuring out dials to turn to get a particular sound .
 My regular amp is a Mesa-Boogie F-50 -LRB- those who know ... will know this amp -RRB- , and I love it . My problem was however that I wanted something lighter to move around than that big heavy tube amp Mesa , and the ability to play in a smaller room without making my ears bleed . This amp filled that bill !!! Pros
 I 've owned this combo amp for more than a year and have enjoyed it a lot . It is truly one of the most versatile pieces of musical equipment I own with almost endless possibilities . The Celestion speaker in this amp is clean as well as handling some serious volume for a practice amp . The 75w does n't quite have enough juice for small clubs or loud band practices , but it 's a song writer 's or studio musician 's best friend . The next level up is the 120w 2x12 version which has stereo effects but no other massive sound characteristic differences , so I went with the 75w . To get the full functionality of this amp you HAVE to buy the Line 6 pedal boards . I bought the FBV Express so I could changes sounds during a song.Pros :1 . -RRB- For the price , this is one of the best values out there for combo amps . It 's in the price range of a Crate or Fender , sounds A LOT better , and saves you money on stomp boxes . You could spend hundreds if not thousands of dollars on pedals to get all the effects this amp has .2 . -RRB- The preset sounds in this amp are far ranging and for the most part do a fair job of imitating the song/artist it says it is . It has models ranging from Albert Lee to Cradle of Filth .3 . -RRB- Fairly light weight , rugged and durable . I have n't had any problems with this amp breaking down , but then I 'm not a gigging musician either.Cons :1 . -RRB- The manual stinks . There is a little information hidden amongst a lot of marketing BS . If you read it slowly maybe two times , you 'll find the actual technical information for the proper usuage of all of its features .2 . -RRB- The interface for this amp is pretty advanced due to all of it 's features and may confuse young or novice players . I 'm a network technician with a degree in programming , as well as having been a musician for 15 + years , and this thing had me scratching my head for days .3 . -RRB- The presets are n't laid out in a very logical way , and some of them are kinda lame or from bands/artists I 've NEVER heard of . I understand Line 6 has to pay somebody every time they use their name or the name of one of their songs , so I guess some of the one 's they used are artists with licensing deals or something.Bottom Line : AWESOME amp for the price ! I ca n't give it 5 stars because of some very small but very important details that a big company like Line 6 should n't should n't over look .
 This amp is really fantastic . When i was looking for an amp to buy , i was n't looking for anything too crazy , i just needed something that had a good sound , and some degree of dynamics or versitility without spending too much . Having said that , i feel like i should have paid a lot more ! It has excellent tone , incredible functionality -LRB- head phone/line-out , CD/MP3 jack , built-in tuner -RRB- , its loud , its customizable , and it has enough presets to make your head spin . Everything from Slipknot to 50s style guitar sounds are in this amp the moment you take it out of the box.I havent had too much chance to play with setting up my own personal presets , but i have done a couple . I think there is something like 9 user customizable banks , with 4 channels for each ... 36 user presets in total . It 's just so much fun to play with ! If you get this amp -LRB- or really any Line 6 Spider III amp -RRB- i would recommend getting a foot controller , i know im planning on getting the FBV-Express -LRB- i think thats what its called -RRB- . The only thing i think someone would fine undesirable about this amp would be the `` Smart FX Control '' . To someone who is used to having individual pedals/effects for things like Delay , Chorus , Flanger , etc. . . you might find yourself wanting a bit more control . Personally , it doesnt bother me . But if thats the case for you , at the VERY least the 12 amp models will still provide a great array of different tones to start with .
 I am a novice guitar player that was lacking the sound that I needed from my Ibanez 10W amplifier to really get me motivated to continue playing . After doing some research and asking friends that play I settled on this amplifier . I could n't be more pleased with it ! The song and artist models that are preset in the amp are awesome plus its super loud when you want it to be . We are talking about house clearing loud ! If you are the type of person that wants to see just how far you can push the spouse -LRB- or the neighbors for that matter -RRB- , tune to Drop B and play some Iron Man with the volume at about 2/3 or better . Its amazing ! Anyway , my playing never sounded better . This is just what I needed to keep my dream of playing the guitar alive . The only thing that I did not like was some of the screws around the speaker had come loose during shipment and needed to be tightened but that was easily fixed so I did n't take off the rating for it . So in conclusion , if you are serious about your sound and want a great value in an amplifier , buy this one . Its about as future proof an amplifier as you are going to buy in the ~ $ 300 range . This amp will last a long time !
 This amp is amazing . I 've had it a few weeks now and still really have n't used all of the settings . It has great clean sounds and distortion sounds . The artist presets and song presets are fun . Overall , you could n't ask for a better amp in my opinion . I do recommend opting for the $ 99 foot pedal to go with it . It will make a world of difference .
 This amp does everything it says and more . It looks great and the sound is fantastic . This is the best amp for the money . I was gon na get the Spider IV 75-Watt , but I went to the Best-buy music store to check it out and there are only a few differences , but not enough to sell me on . After checking out that other one , this one went on sale so I was sold even more : -RRB- Pros.SoundAll the presetsCons : The manual does n't telt you anything about how to work this amp , but a little playing and ur good to go .
 well , this is my opinion i absolutley love it , its so versatile , i own this and a bugera 333xl the bugera still sounds better just because of the warmth of the tubes , but thi is the best for any beginner guitar player , id recommend it for anyone ! : -RSB-
 I purchased this amp due to the multiple good reviews it 's received . I liked it so much that I felt it necessary to return the favor to those that supported it . The sounds that you will get from this amp are unmatched and at the tips of your fingers . You wo n't need to spend hours trying to tweak you guitar to produce these sounds . You will love this amp . I have no negatives . It 's also built very well , and I 'm glad I did n't get anything bigger than the 75 watt model since this model will blow your neighbors away .
 For a mere $ 60.99 -LRB- nearly $ 20 less than at Musician 's Friend and about half the MSRP -RRB- at Amazon.com , this mixer is your best bet . It has the cost of an entry-level mixer without the bleeding and fragile faders , 2-band EQ , and utter lack of scratch features that one normally finds on entry-level mixers . The faders are tough yet sensitive , with no sound bleeding . The 3-band EQ , crossfader-style cuing , and mic EQ add great functionality to this mixer . The hamster switch and crossfader slope are a nice touch if you 're ever feeling a bit hip-hop or want to cut up some beats . I was originally going to get a DM950 and just upgrade in a few months , but at this price , why bother ? I recommend this mixer to every startup DJ , whether you 're aiming for scratch , trance , jungle , Baroque , whatever . This is an excellent mixer that does n't sacrifice quality , though it definitely wo n't break the bank . I will definitely continue to buy Numark products !
 I 've had this mixer for 5 or 6 years - it 's now somewhat outdated but still works great . I originally bought it to practice being a radio dj but since I do n't do that now , this mixer has been sitting around collecting dust . I was recently going to sell it until I discovered a cool alternate use for it
 the botton line is that is this is a great value for a mixer . It 's my first one , but I 've used others . And I have to say , this has great functionality , seems quite durable , and is both functional and simple . For my purposes -LRB- just playing records when I DJ - no scratching , etc -RRB- , it gets the job done . I ca n't speak to anything outside of that . I like the controls , and the cue fader is great and profoundly simple -LRB- something I think is missing from many larger , more expensive mixers -RRB- . I would say that the one and only drawback is that it does not have XLR or 1/4 '' outputs - only RCA , which is a problem some places . But you can always get cables to convert RCA to your preferred format . Also works great w/an iPod and monster cables .
 Big sound in small package ~ Easier to play than a longer harmonica ~ very gutsy for its size and one of my favorites to play ~ One of hohners best i think ~ Compact and fits any where too ~
 For years and years I have used Passport 's Encore package for creating and documenting music but after moving to Window XP , I could not get Encore 's Text Editors to work and had to find another package.At first I did n't care for the product because it was different . After a month of using the Music Write , I got use to using it and realized it was not bad.The main drawback was only two lyric lines that I found annoying but I hit Voyetra Web-site and discovered another version `` Maestro '' that allowed up to four lyric lines plus a lot more options -LRB- and the music I had entered in the Songwriter Edition was compatible with the Maestro version . -RRB- Another small feature of the Maestro version is the comment editor , which I use to document aspects of music I create -LRB- e.g. , what inspired me to create that particular of music . -RRB- Features of the product : ------------------------------ Create musical scores on you PC-Preview you score before you print-Use the symbol palette to enter notes , rests , clefs , chords , and many more-Supports all the common musical symbols -LRB- i.e. , ties , triplets , and many more -RRB- - Notate for all instruments-Hear you music played by MIDI instruments-Add chord names and guitar symbols-Print your score to include your name , song title , copyright information and pick the fonts for each-Output sheet music to a graphic file -LRB- e.g. , BMP , JPEG -RRB- , which can then be imported in MS Word or any other product that imports these types of graphic filesCut , copy and paste music into you score just like a word processorSystem Requirements : ---------------------------- Pentium 233MHz processor with MMX or better -LRB- Celeron 400 for Windows 2000/XP -RRB- -32 MB system RAM - 64MB recommended-36MB hard disk space-Windows 98/Me/2000 / XP-Quad speed or higher CD-ROM-800x600 high color -LRB- 16 bit -RRB- video display-GM compatible 16 bit MIDI capable soundcard-MIDI keyboard -LRB- optional -RRB- - Printer-Service Pack 1 or higher for Windows 2000 Professional
 Music write software was a very satisfactory program and fitted my needs very nicely . My students loved the program and constantly ask me to write them music .
 i neeed to get this so i can make some beats on my computer
 Purchased on Amazon . I have had one of these since I was a kid and I now send them as gifts . Everyone is delighted and derive hours and hours of simple pleasure from them . If you want an ideal stocking stuffer , one that will get used throughout the year , you 'd be hard-pressed to find something better than this clever old Yankee bird call .
 My son received one of these from his beloved grandmother many years ago . . He treasuered it-put it on his key chain . He recieved so many comments he ordered one for a friend at Christmas . The friend and his wife liked it so much they ordered 2 for their family members . Sadly , the husband and wife passed away tragically before the bird calls arrived , however , they were given to the family members when they came in . They were thrilled to have something from their passed family members My son finally wore his out and was not happy , so I am ordering him one today!They work great , are a great conversation piece and are inexpensive . They arrived quickly as well .
 Since a kid I 've wanted one of these - put them in my grandchildren 's stockings - what a hit ! What a cool call ! Simple but effective - I will now finally order one for myself !
 Once you easily catch on to the small manipulations of slight twisting and turning to create different bird sounds , you 'll find that this little bird call device creates BIG results !
 Finally something that actually does what it claims and does n't break the first time or comes with a bunch of defects and glitches . This is a great product . You can make different kind of sounds with it as you gain more experience . I would recommend this product !
 I have used an Audubon bird call for many years , and have given a number of them as gifts to birding friends . The beginner will probably feel somewhat frustrated at first because it takes practice to create a consistent call , but you must think of this item as a musical instrument . Most people could not expertly play a trumpet , a piano or bongo drums at their first sitting and would require some guidance from a human tutor . Unlike a musical instrument , your teachers will be the very birds you 're attempting to call . You have simply to go into the field for your lessons . Just recently , I kept hearing an unfamiliar song without seeing the bird . After a few tries , I was able to imitate all but the initial `` rrrrr - '' and successfully brought a Willow Flycatcher within reach of my camera lens . The key here is practice . The more you use this call , the better you 'll get at reproducing chirps , tweets , twitters and peeps . It 's way more fun than a pricey app !
 This does n't produce any bird 's call , but it makes sounds similar in pitch and duration to many birds and thus it attracts the attention of nearby birds almost instantly.Easy , simple , and right on the money .
 Shipping cost more than the bird call . -LRB- Oversized box for product -RRB- . But I got what I wanted , and I did get it quick . No problems .
 Yesterday , I found a minute to use this bird call . I twisted it for about thirty seconds , and hoped for the best . Things got quiet , and I ambled away , only to have a bird defecate on my head . Question
 These little wood and metal bird calls are a classic . My ten years love it , I 've been looking around for instructions for all sorts of different calls online , and my folks remember having them when they were kids . If the shipping is too expensive , pick one up when you 're in REI next time . The variety of songs producible with this little -LRB- and very simple -RRB- gadget is stunning.If you 're a handy DIYer , there are also plans online for this exact call and for similar ones ...
 This easy-to-use little bird call is a wonder to small children . My grandchildren each received one , purchased by me . They were in love with them ! They can be used anytime , anywhere and will have the birds calling back . Such a cute , usable item for anyone . My son bought my mom one years ago , then got it back when she passed away . He still carries it . Such a nice memory built upon a little piece of wood and metal .
 Been taking this with us for walks in woods and the birds come ! It makes a lovely chirping sound - but do n't let it go through the wash !! ... and then do n't try to re-oil it with real tree sap ... so we 've lost the little bottle of oil that comes with it but we like it so much we have to purchase another - this time we 'll be a bit more carful with it : -RRB-
 fun to sit in my yard and mess the birds , they really respond to it , so i guess it works fine .
 I 've had one of these for at least a decade . I 'm back to get one for my niece . It makes a chirping sound from the friction between the metal part at the top and the wood . I got it wet once and it stopped working . To fix it I let it completely dry for a couple of days , then unscrewed it from the bottom . I roughed up the inside of the wood part with a little sand paper and then dusted some rosin -LRB- the kind used on bows for string instruments -RRB- on the metal part , screwed the pieces back together and it 's like new again .
 I purchased one of these when I was a young boy and I recall the first time I used it on my backyard . I counted 16 birds showed up and perched to look around . 10 years later , I 'm still playing with mine . It is built well and makes excellent sounds . I suggest using the caller sparingly , as in not to constantly twist it - to mimic a bird.The included rosin is needed to refresh the voice . I was surprised how much of a different it makes in effectiveness.I suspect that this bird caller sends out calls of a distressed bird . I remember trying it on a caged bird and the bird got scared and was panicking.I would definitely buy a few !
 Fun for everyone - children had fun watching the birds come in close to investigate ! It appears to be a simple device but the song birds do reply and come closer .
 This is a great product and takes me back to when my Grandfather first gave me one at the age of 6 -LRB- 40 + years ago -RRB- . I 've never forgotten about it and when I came across this at Amazon , it took me right back to that time so I decided to purchase one : I had an idea . I thought that these pests called Mocking Birds needed a challenge . This bird call challenged them ! I played with the bird call a few days and when the birds came around shrilling their tunes I would play a loud , short and intricate tune several times in a row as close to the same as possible . Each time the birds came around I would play this tune . I did this a few times and each time I would stop within a minute . The birds would leave . I believe that my challenge of `` go ahead and top this '' to the Mocking Birds have kept them away , perhaps practicing . :o-RRB- Oh , occasionally they come back and I play the tune and they disappear again . Love it ! Get it and have some fun . Otherwise , if you love being outdoors take one along with you , you can draw birds to you out of curiousity .
 A small cylinder of birchwood and a key of zinc . Sprinkle on a tiny pinch of rosin and chat with birds wherever you go ! Easier to use than some calls and so much nicer than the electronic ones ... wonderfully simple , simply wonderful !
 So I do n't know that much about dhols . . but a few of my friends are punjabi , and they play dhol . . They said that this dhol looks good and all , but it does n't sound right . They said that I probably just have to get it tuned -LRB- as you would tune a guitar , or any other instrument -RRB- . The stick that you use to hit the treble side is horrible . It is hard to hold and stiff , and it scraped off a lot of skin because i was holding it wrong . I tried using my friend 's stick and it was SO MUCH easier to play . But overall , pretty good . It would have been nicer if it came with some sort of covers to protect the skins from the temperature changes/environment .
 Hi I dont actually own this guitar but it is the kewlest looking guitar when I get better on my own guitar I want my parents to buy me this guitar . I am an 8 year old boy from Hawaii my dog 's name is Noodles .
 Having never owned or played a ghatam before getting this one , I can not compare this ones quality to others.The ghatam I ordered arrived double boxed and carefully packed -LRB- apparently -RRB- and looks just like pictured . Mine came with a very solid cushion for the ghatam that is more of a donut shape , and a thin nylon or polyester carrying bag , which has a slip to put an info card into . The bag is pretty light weight and wont take a hit , just a more convenient way of carrying the ghatam perhaps.Truly , this product will get surface chips easily so watch everything it comes into contact with . The ghatam itself arrived with few imperfections like pitting , small divots and just one hairline crack inside the lip about an inch long . It feels quite sturdy and not very heavy -LRB- maybe 12 lbs ? -RRB- , so I feel comfortable learning on this and experimenting with it . The tone of mine sounds great . I love the way it sounds , but then again I am not an expert of this field and am excited that I can just start learning this amazing type of instrument!Ultimately , I am satisfied with my ghatam . But for $ 64 , I would expect the jug to be made from a somewhat stronger ceramic . The jug is the quality of something you would simply learn on . I would not pay more than $ 50 if I were to get this product again . : -RSB-
 As far as I understand , you are supposed to replace your drum heads every 3 months . I do not know anyone with that kind of income , but regardless , I have had these drum heads on my set since October of 2006 ! Since then , I was in a touring band and they never let up . They 're loose tuning heads , so drummers with small shells that need a deep sound will find it here . They 're also incredible for any other setup one could imagine . I highly recommend these Performance II Heads from Aquarian !
 Pros : Cushion colorFold down easily for storageSturdyComfortableMulti-purpose usesGood initial height for most users -LRB- 5ft 8 and under -RRB- - see below for height adjustmentCons : I am not sure if raises and lowers -- I do n't believe it does -- if it does , it is not easy to figure out
 We got this bench for our daughter to go with her piano stand . The price was great , so we ordered it . She says that it 's great !
 This was a very nice gift of good quality at a reasonable price.I liked it so much . Good transaction . Fast delivery ! AAA + + + sellar .
 They work just fine but had an odd odor to them . I found out that does occur . I would still order again .
 My son just started playing the bassoon and was using the school reed . After buying him this reed , he could tell a huge improvement over the range and sound of the notes . I 'll have to remember to buy this one again .
 I have n't used yet , in fact I put it a switch to turn on/off the unit 'cause it does n't come with it but it seems to be pretty good for my purpose .
 This is a wonderful drumhead . I also purchased the 14 '' for my snare drum . I have been sold on Aquarian heads for several years and now I 'm happy to discover these ` vintage ' style heads . Wonderful , warm sound with a nice sustain . I use them on my old Ludwig kit . The heads match up nicely with the old six ply mahogany shells .
 What can I say but that this is a good heavy case strap . It workd very well with my Bobelocl case of course . But it would work well on any case . I 'm thinking about ordering another one . If you 're looking for a good violin case strap and are considering this one then go ahead and buy it . I do n't think you 'll be disappointed .
 I bought one for my son 's violin case . It 's an excellent and sturdy strap . This will help a kid that walks to school or rides the bus . I highly recommend .
 I bought this strap when my old one broke . I play the viola and my case is bigger than most cases for violins , but this case strap is able to handle it . It serves its purpose , and that 's all that I wanted .
 My son signed up for a percussion class at school and we had to go searching for equipment . I tried finding and bidding for equipment on eBay and also went to the local music store to look at renting . Cost-wise , this ended up being the best choice . As I understand it -LRB- and my understanding is newbie at best for this area -RRB- this is a good , basic model . For us , it was a better choice -LRB- price and equipment-wise -RRB- to go with a basic model that was new than to venture into the variable model , used world .
 After trying out a couple of other recording programs and many headaches , I found the FL studio producers edition , an all-in-one complete home studio for PC 's . I 've been playing with this program all day , and I have to say it is absolutely amazing . I am completely new to computer recording , and they could n't have made it any easier for a beginner to get started recording with excellent results.I primarily bought this to record guitar parts and arrange my own music , but its so much more useful then that , the possibilities of what you can do with this program are infinite.It also comes with a built in ASIO sound-card , and the program walks you through step by step for setting up audio options . My recording interface was detected without any problems and I was recording in no time . The reference manual is very useful and there are also video tutorials included with clear instructions . Highly recommended for both beginners and experienced veterans in home computer recording .
 I just acquired one of these great guitars . Without even plugging in , I hear a real throaty and woody acoustic tone , and there is a nice low , consistent action up and down the fret board . Basically it plays like a dream . This opinion is shared by every one of my guitar playing friends as well ! Then , when you plug it in , with the built in preamp , you are in for a surprise ! I was truly amazed and feel this guitar is one very wonderful intrument , probably the greatest value I have ever received in a guitar . I have owned well over 30 instruments , so I hardly give such a rave review easily . If they are all like mine , you will be very happy !
 I was curious about these guitars as soon as I saw the television commercial with Slash jamming one . The price on these guitars was too high the first few years but I found one -LRB- White perloid -RRB- on Craigslist for $ 100 last year in it 's original box with all the swag ! It had been sitting in a box with almost no string tension for close to 6 years and like the review above stated `` it needed work ! '' The neck was really dry and mine took more than 3 applications of lemon oil for the grain in the rosewood neck to tighten up . The truss rod was loose , the bridge too high , the intonation was not even close , and everything was loose . The frets on mine were/are pretty even and level.I read an article that stated First act purposely did not set these up and left that to the player . do n't know if this is true but I have handled a number of these and I believe it.After getting this guitar setup I was completely blown away at the quality and sound . once the intonation is dialed this guitar is in tune every position of the neck and it stays in tune . Love the action and fret buzz is practically non-noticeable . The on board pre-amp provides some usable distortion . the pickups came stock waxed and I played this through a hand wired 18 amp and a 50 watt JMP 50 and it sounded really nice . Hands down this is the best $ 100 dollar guitar I have ever seen or played.these can still be had for a reasonable price and I would say that they are one of the best kept secrets out there ...
 Looks great . Sounds great ! Fat neck is the only problem . And it 's heavy . But VERY COOL . Get one if you can for around 100 bucks . Surprising quality !
 Hello . I just received the guitar today and I have to say , WOW !! That was fast !! Not only that , but when I took it out of the box , finally after going through all the tight packing material , I found the guitar to be near perfect , set-up wise !! After lowering the bridge to my desired action , it plays amazing , and the neck is straight as an arrow !! This is my second one , -LRB- a red and white one -RRB- and I ca n't decide which one I like more . It 's nice to see that the quality control at First Act was so high when they made these limited edition VW guitars , that I could simply order one , sight unseen , from a seller on Amazon , and then when I get it , just tune up and play !! It was almost in tune right out of the box !! And now , thanks to my cool Red and White Garagemaster , I feel like Nigel Tufnel , may Stonehenge reign supreme !!!
 This mic is sold as not needing a preamp . I found this to be mis-leading . Trying to record on a PC sound card using only the 9v battery and the mic input was hopeless unless you want to record something very , very loud . I ended up getting a Behringer tube preamp and now I can record using the line input with high sensivity.Other than that it works fine for my application
 I have used this microphone for recording acoustic stringed instruments and some local theater productions . I am very impressed with the tonal quality and frequency range . Well worth the cost . It is not perfect but to my sensitive ears it is very very good . My dog howls when I play back my recordings when the double stops are hit on the strings , so this obviously captures up into the high range . I like the fact that it is battery powered which eliminates any possibility of introducing hum from an external phantom power supply plus it makes it easier to use . I have been using this straight into a Sony HD Video recorder with excellent results . All the accessories are high quality and function well . Some things to consider ... no light on the mike to tell you that the power is on . Need to be careful to turn it off or you will have a run down battery . Very quiet in terms of spurious noise -LRB- hiss -RRB- but not absolutely silent . I am very picky on this aspect and this just meets my expectations . This mike is very sensitive -LRB- and has a large dynamic range -RRB- so you have to be careful in setting the recording range or you may have some clipping distortion on your recordings . I actually like the sensitive nature , in live recordings it sounds live not like some dead studio recording . I have read about using condenser mikes with a limiter or compression device to cut any possible clipping and I intend to look into that .
 First off - a little background on me ... I 'm a 30 year old Software Analyst who has studied music since the age of 7 . I entered into college with the intention of becoming a music teacher , and spent 6 years studying for that degree before shifting to the world of computers . I 've learned countless instruments in my life - Piano , Organ , Harpsichord , Clarinet , Sax , Baritone , Tuba , and violin . I have to say that my own personal experiences with stringed instruments up until this point have been pretty dismal.I started on Piano at the age of seven , and at age eight took up violin , however I hated it . Later in college , as a music education student , I had to take up the violin in order to graduate -LRB- instrumental teachers are required to be able to perform to a small degree on every instrument -RRB- . I struggled with the violin , was better at cello , but again was n't very good on bass . Because of this , I never took up guitar.Well - while at the Pima County Fair there was a gentleman performing on the Strumstick in his booth where he sold instruments . Now I 'm familiar with fair folk and the type of cheap instruments they sell , however being classically trained in music I recognized the Strumstick for what it is - a distant cousin to the dulcimer.I immediately fell in love with the instrument , and asked as a side remark where I could get one . The gentleman in question responded that he only had one left . Intrigued , I asked the price . It was a bit higher than what I would later find to be the asking price of these instruments , but I just had to have it . I purchased the instrument , and the next day would give a try.After setting the bridge and tuning , I was off . Period . I quickly was able to pick up by ear how the instrument works . There is no difficult multiple fingering to get a chord . I could play just about any folk song I could think of on this thing.To put it simply - it 's easy . If you can hum - or whistle - and can hold and strum this instrument , you WILL be able to play it . Period . To say that I am impressed is an understatement . For a beginner this is the ONLY way to go.Now I will say , being a classically trained musician , I quickly recognized that the diatonic tuning of the frets does lead to limitations on the melodies you can play . For somewhat proficient musicians - who have no training in guitar - I would suggest you look for the three string chromatic version -LRB- available in the Grand style -RRB- . This gives you chromatic fingering -LRB- for the unfamiliar - this means 1/2 step tones - sharps and flats -RRB- . For those familiar with guitar fingering - go with the four-string chromatic - pretty much a mini guitar.Either way you look at it - this instrument is a WONDERFULL deal . It 's lightweight -LRB- featherweight actually -RRB- , portable , and simple . I 've spent countless hours over the last four days since I bought it playing - and reveling in the simplicity of this instrument . I highly recommend the diatonic grand -LRB- or standard - the only difference is pitch -RRB- for beginners , the three stringed chromatic for intermediates , and the four string chromatic for advanced musicians . The perfect gift for others - or for yourself !
 This is advertised as the easiest instrument to master , and it is . I picked it up and was able to play musically in less than a minute . Mastering simple songs -LRB- Mary had a little lamb , Twinkle Twinkle Little Star -RRB- took about a minute and a half . More complicated songs took maybe 10 minutes . Within about twenty minutes of picking up the instrument , I was playing . And by `` playing '' , I mean both playing the instrument AND having fun.It is not an instrument that requires any real practice . You can put it down for a month or two , then pick it up again and play . I pick it up whenever I 'm feeling a little bored . I 've had it for over 2 years now , and I get more enjoyment out of it every day.It 's not a one trick pony , either . You can experiment with alternate tunings or use a capo to give yourself a wider range of notes . It can be a very versatile instrument , capable of playing very complex and intricate melodies , or you can just stick with strumming out simple songs like `` Oh Susanna '' and `` This Land is Your Land '' . I 'm over 40 . When I was a teen ager , I took up the guitar , but quickly became frustrated . I could never seem to get music out of the thing . I gave up after a few months and since then I 've always assumed that I just lacked musical ability . Playing the strumstick changed that . I can play music now -LRB- music that actually sounds good , too -RRB- , and I never thought I 'd be able to .
 I bought this , not as a beginning musician , but because it looked like fun . And it is a lot of fun to play with and very easy . It is smaller than I imagined , and to me it sounds like a banjo . But ... if I had it to do over , I do n't think I 'd spend so much money on such a simple instrument .
 Up front I want to note that I have a Master 's of music degree -LRB- in music composition -RRB- and played rock guitar/electric bass/synthesizer in my own band as well as the pit orchestra at college for several musicals . I can play the mandolin and a little tenor banjo as well as wind instruments . I know the ins and outs of a lot of music styles -LRB- folk/rock/classic / electronic -RRB- and instruments.That said , I was pretty much unfamiliar the dulcimer and when I stumbled upon this variation when reading up on folk instruments from around the world . It 's sometimes called the `` guitar dulcimer '' because of its guitar-like neck coupled with the string/fret set up of the traditional dulcimer.After finding some videos of people playing these instruments -LRB- both home-made as well as the Strumstick -RRB- on You-Tube , and hearing the complex chords and voicings some players were achieving -- with just three strings no less -- I decided I had to have one . I settled on the Grand Strumstick since I saw some pretty good reviews of it on the Internet.Three days later the box arrived at my door step.The Grand Strumstick at first glance seem a little disappointing in its size and weight -- almost like a toy , though nicely finished , handmade , with some nice touches like some inlay on the headpiece and some inlaid/cutout wood on the sound hole . But the body was tiny compared to a guitar or even mandolin . How could it possibly be loud enough to hold its own with other instruments or a singer?Well , a few strums showed my fears were unfounded . The Strumstick kicks out the sound . In fact I was amazed that something with such a small sound box could make such a large sound.If you have n't heard the Strumstick , it 's tone is a lot like a tenor banjo -- which also is somewhat of a surprise given its wooden body and small size.It really is easy to play . My only problem is that when switching back to playing a mandolin or guitar , it takes a few moments for my mind to change gear to the complexities of chromatic fretting and playing the melody across strings rather than mostly on the high string -LRB- this switching of mental gear becomes shorter as I get used to the process -RRB- . The construction and design of the Strumstick displays great ingenuity and elegance . The design simplifies construction without compromising on the instrument 's music-making abilities . For example the neck has been carefully leveled and the frets placed right into it rather than gluing a fret board to the neck . This makes perfect sense -LRB- especially given the accuracy of modern cutting equipment -RRB- , yet was still a surprise when I noticed it . Why had n't someone done this before ? Perhaps they have , but this is the first instrument I 've ever own that was made this way.Likewise the `` head '' is really just the neck with three holes drilled in it and tuning pegs screwed in place ; simple but effective . Given that splits often result in the extended head sections of an instrument , this undoubtedly makes for less waste at the factory and also likely will add to the life of the instrument as well.The nut rather than being a plastic or bone section -LRB- and a part that often breaks on guitars and other stringed instruments -RRB- is simply formed from the top fret wire with tiny grooves cut into it to keep the strings in place ; simple , elegant , and it works perfectly.The bridge is a single piece of wood and when I saw it I thought , `` Oh , oh . '' Yet when tuning the instrument and testing the fret positions against the harmonics at the octave , I found the bridge was perfectly placed -- one of the many nice surprises I had with this instrument.The Strumstick is easy to play and it really is pretty hard to hit a sour note -LRB- though not impossible if you start fingering more than just one string at a time -RRB- . The trick in playing it with simple songs is to make the high `` melody '' string sing out a bit louder than the others -- but that was surprisingly easy to learn as well . So I would have to say that this is quite possibly , outside of perhaps a percussion instrument or a kazoo , one of the easiest , fastest instruments to quickly see results with . Not only that , the results are the ability to play a melody AND accompaniment , not just one or the other as is the case with many stringed instruments.Now one might think three strings would sound a little thin . After all most of us are used to hearing chords comprised of six or more tones on the piano , guitar , or other instruments . But in truth the human ear/brain has trouble hearing more than three tones at a time without a lot of training -LRB- and even then ... -RRB- so for most people , three strings on the Strumstick can create the illusion of some very complex chords once you start fingering all three . The texture is n't as rich , but the rich harmonics of the Strumstick helps out so that once you 've heard it for a few moments , the chords `` sound '' more complex than one would expect with just three strings.The instrument comes with an instruction video and booklet that shows you how to do some of these -- again allowing you to advance to some very complex sounding chords in a very short time.There are a few things worth mentioning . The small body of the Strumstick makes holding the instrument a bit awkward at first . It seems to want to twist face up -LRB- at least for me -RRB- and figuring out how to hold , strum , and finger the fretboard was a challenge . I tried a strap but that seemed to cause it to flop over on its back even more . Currently I 'm sort of holding it with my strumming hand and thumb of my playing hand , resting the lower corner of the body on my thigh.There are no inlays to mark fret positions on the fingerboard . This might seem like a minor thing but I find it a problem . So I may add some sort of small markings on the top of the fretboard , though I hate doing this because the instrument looks so nice . But sometimes a little thing like this can make a big difference in performance and it is the quality of the performance , not the pristine condition of the instrument that listeners remember when it is all said and done.The chromatic frets are left off the neck -- that 's what makes it next to impossible to play a wrong note . But that also locks the instrument into a few keys and also rules out any music that needs an extra half tone to play a melody -LRB- there are n't a lot , but a few -RRB- . So it 's limited , but that is also a plus when you 're learning the instrument . And for me , that seems like a very good trade off . -LRB- Adding a capo is n't the solution some might think , although it does allow playing in a few more scales/keys , but it is n't much of a solution because of the lack of chromatic frets . A mandolin/tenor banjo capo is supposed to work on the Strumstick - but I have not tried this as of yet . -RRB- I should note that melodies tend to be played on the high string , so sometimes your hand does a lot of scooting up and down the neck , and fingers no little stretching to get all the notes in . Oddly enough , once you get the hang of this it works pretty well -LRB- and makes for a more interesting performance to watch -RRB- . It does cause a little gear shifting if you play the Strumstick for a while and then switch to a similar instrument where the melody is spread across several strings . However , again , with practice and more familiarity this becomes less and less of a problem . -LRB- If a guy wants to play the melody across the three strings rather than using the two lower strings as drones , this allows much easier use of the instrument . This might be ideal when using the Strumstick in a group where a guitar or other instrument was handling chords , allowing the distinctive sound of the Strumstick to carry the melody . In such a case I suspect alternate tunings of the string might also add to the flexibility of the instrument . -RRB- I want to make it clear that the drawbacks I 've mentioned above are all very minor . The pluses of this instrument , from its light weight , low price tag , high quality , and ease of playing , are immense . It 's not only a great instrument for beginners but also a nice instrument that a professional musician should consider adding to his bag of tricks , both because of its unique appearance as well as its distinctive tone and ease in learning to play.I 'm very glad I bought my Grand Strumstick . It 's one fantastic music maker .
 This is a wonderful little instument ! Fun to play and chicks dig it ! It does n't get easyer than this ! Get one . Have some fun ! What the heck .
 The Grand Strumstick is a beautiful instrument , easy to play like the instructions promise , and portable . It 's a real conversation starter ... usually I 'll get , `` Can I try ? ''
 I never purchased a guitar on line before , I always believed that you shoul dbe able to play it first . I still tend to believe that , but I took a risk on this one . I was not dissapointed . The reviews all said that it was a quality instrument , and that is what swayed me . Now I can be included in those that give it glowing recomendations . The only thing I found that I did not like was that there is no front mounting point for a strap .
 I am very pleased with the way I received this product . It came very fast . I am enjoying the picks . I have given one to my husband to use and he likes them also . I will recommend you to my friends .
 My husband almost started to tear up when he opened up this xmas gift ! It performs the way it should and it has a good sound quality !!!! Best part was the price !
 This is a good stamp . Well made and does what it is intended to do . However , if you plan on buying the '' Ink it Up '' stamp pad with it , you will have to press the stamp into the stamp pad 2 times to get complete coverage of the stamp . The 12 fret stamp is longer than the stamp pad . If there is a longer stamp pad sold by amazon , I couldnt find it . If I had known this before , I would have only puchased the 5 fret version .
 once a guitar player reaches certain level of proficiency with the instrument , various tools are necessary to advance to the next level ; so this little gadgets come extremely handy in our studies . Made out of soft rubber does a pretty job on conventional paper . easy to handle ... well It does serve its purpose .
 Furman is a good name . Price is cheap enough.PROS :1 . Rock solid . Built well .2 . Power Switch feels strong .3 . Clean sound for all audio equipment.CONS :1 . None
 The only problem I had with assembling this kit was when glueing the top and back to the sides I had to buy clamps to push the sides in to the liner blocks in order to ensure consistant overhang all the way around the instrument . Not to do so would have resulted in sanding the edges of the top and back considerably to make the overhang of the top and back the same all the way around the instrument . Also , the statement made to the effect that no special tools are needed is misleading . The instructions say to use masking tape to clamp the pieces after glueing . It does NOT provide enough pressure to ensure tight seams overall . I used six clamps to accomplish this step . One at each end of the instrument and two on each side above and below the `` waist '' of the dulcimer.Terry in Findlay , Ohio
 I was puzzled by the other review posted regarding this product , so I felt compelled to post my assessment which is orthogonally different . This recorder is excellent for the price . I own 4 other wood recorders by Gill and Yamaha and I am an intermediate level recorder player with years of experience . This unit has a more clean sound throughout the full register than any of those . I attribute the advantage to the Hamlin recorder to its Rosewood construction . I find that Maple constructed recorders sound `` strained '' to produce the higher band of their intended range . Note that the Rosewood models by the popular brands -LRB- e.g. Yamaha , Gill , Moeck -RRB- are considerably more money than the Hamlin . The Hamlin is produced in Vietnam , and its low price point is presumeably acheived by the cost of production in that country of origin . The finish of the Hamlin recorder is very good , not excellent . There are some rough finished areas , but the wood is beautiful . For the money , I submit that it is an excellent value . It came in a very nice custom-fitting hard case , and the case was packed very well from the shipper .
 I was a bit concerned ordering this product at firt since It had sort of mixed reviews . Well I am very glad I was guided by the good ones . This alto recorder not only has a beautiful sound
 I was looking for an easy and efficient way to tune a violin , since I knew nothing about them at the time . This product is great ! Great for beginners and seasoned players . Thanks !
 Ignore the 1 star review ! She clearly does n't know how to , nor bother to , read the manual first . This is a great product for the money and has gotten excellent reviews throughout the music industry . The only thing that I would say that is slightly negative are 1 -RRB- It is kind of `` cheaply '' built , meaning it is plastic through-and-through . It does n't have much `` weight '' to it , so it just does n't feel solid . 2 -RRB- I wish it had a full set of on-board effects ... phasers , flangers , octavers , ect ... . it essentially has very good , configurable reverb , delay , and chorus and that is all -LRB- other than microphone and amp modeling -RRB- . I does have auxiliary effects send and return on the buss which is nice , but obviously requires you to get an external rack .
 Very happy with the shortboard bag . I have the new MKII pedal and it worked out great .
 Beautifully constructed . Good sound . A wonderful first guitar . way better than I expected.I highly recommend it . The case is a big plus .
 I 've used this item frequently for the last several months and have n't had a single issue ! It grips well on the hi-hat rod and cuts through just right on a large stage , in the studio , or in a small playing room . Great purchase !
 I am a professional musician with guitar the primary instrument . For years I have been utilizing the line 6 pod as a tool for my profession . This bag is designed to hold the foot pedal , the kidney and extra cording . the fit is snug and secure and very convenient for carrying . The value of the peace of mind that comes with the knowledge that my important gear is securely stowed and protected from the elements in a stylish bag with such utility far exceeds the nominal fee to purchase the bag .
 Works great for my MKII ShortBoard Pedal and assorted cables . The bag is padded on all sides . I am pleased with this purchase .
 Fits my line6 fbv shortboard mk2 perfectly . The shortboard is held securely in place . The outside pockets are great for cables . Everything is kept snug while going to and from the studio and to and from the gig .
 You can use it with your FBV , pod xt and x3 , it has also a space for your cables .
 This bag fits perfectly to the MKII shortboard , the FBV shortboard for the older spider series fits a little snug . The inside padding is amazing ; you 're board is safe and sound with pockets for everything you need to accompany the bag .
 This set of timbales can be easily added to any kit to expand your range of playing to include Latin . The heads can be tuned high for Latin or lower to use as higher-pitched tom toms.The mounting bracket clamp allows you to attach these to any 3/8 '' rod , including hi-hat stands . This makes them conveniently available , yet sufficiently out of your way when the music does not call for this type of sound.Construction is heavy chrome-plated steel , and the sound is awesome . Mine are mounted on my hi-hat and on my Pearl Rhythm Traveler kit -LRB- ASIN
 First off , I do n't care what it 's made of - it just sounds good . I have big hands - I found this worked best on my pinky finger tip on the higher strings . I had originally hoped to use it on the middle part of my ring finger , but it was a little too small for that . I may also try it on my thumb -LRB- per their instruction ideas -RRB- - if that works , I may buy a second one to add flexibility to my playing .
 Since finding a glass slide that works well for me I have not given this slide a fair chance to prove itself . But I will keep it around just in case I want a different sound .
 This is a great product ! It is weighted and shaped wonderfully to help the musician keep control and positive contact with the strings . I bought it to use on a Dulcimer as well as my guitar and it is very comfortable to use . Good price , good product , delivered promptly and the advertising matched the article I received .
 I recently purchased a Stevens 345 and have been trying it out . I have played very little slide before , and have only started playing resonator in various tunings with a Dunlop over-the-finger glass slide . The Stevens is great so far for playing in lap position . It enables a comfortable hand position and has such a nice feeling of weight that it 's easy to play without working too hard at finding the right amount of downward pressure on the strings . From what I have read , the Stevens 345 is pretty much a standard for resonator playing , and although I have only been using it for a short while , I can understand why .
 This is comfortable to hold the weight is fine and it is easy to use on the steel guitar.It looks just like the picture .
 I seem to have lost 2 of these over the years -LRB- or they were stolen -RRB- but I quickly buy new ones.I use them quite successfully with my big JBL Eon2 speakers so they are not just for lightweight speakers .
 This is a great stand for the price . Ultimate products are known for quality . Keep in mind this is an entry level stand that works best for smaller , lighter speakers less than 30 lbs . It 's very light and folds into a nice compact unit , well made and much better quality than other brand stands selling in the same price range . Treat it gently and it will do the job . If you have 40 or 50 lb . speakers , definitely go with the more exspensive models .
 Hace poco tiempo que tengo mis TS70B y estoy muy contento . Son livianos y muy resistentes . Actualmente losutilizo para soportar las JBL EON G2 y funcionan perfecto , buena estabilidad . Los recomiendo .
 If you are going to change the strings on a guitar , this is a must-have product . The price is great .
 Cheap and works great at accelerating spinning on a new set of strings . The built in pin puller feature is only so-so , because of flimsy construction , but was able to pull four out of six pins . Overall I like it and giving 5-stars ! Yes , I would recommend it or buy another if I needed it .
 Makes changing guitar strings a lot easier . Well constructed and light . Fits in the accessories case in my guitar case .
 Works exactly as needed , changing strings faster , and easier . Everything I could have ever hoped for in a string winder !
 This crank exceeded my expectation . I thought maybe I was just buying my next replacement of the last junky crank I owned . This maybe the last one I 'll need to buy for a long long time . Under priced !
 Works very well and is very easy on the pocketbook . They are nothing special but they do work good and will suit your need if you are just changing strings every once in a while .
 ... I mean in the hands you ` feel it ' weak.But honestly it is still here and full ... -LRB- more to add maybe -RRB- I WANT TO CHOOSE THE COLOR !!! Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
 This article was meant to be a Dunlop volume pedal -LRB- GCB-80 is the model -RRB- review but as it turns out , it will be a how-to-fix-it manual as well ... Let 's start at the end - this pedal has one `` tiny '' problem - it does not allow no volume at all , but rather the pedal starts from some volume -LRB- still , very audible , especially if distortion effect applied -RRB- to full . It 's kinda weird that the pedal does not fully do , the only thing it 's supposed to do - control the volume.From visiting a few forums I 've learned that this is a known issue among people who bought it and most people were pretty disappointed . But , thinking about it again , maybe it 's how the manufacturer intended it to be , low volume for rhythm parts and then break into heavy parts with full volume . In this way , you can never mute the guitar , you got minimum and maximum set.Anyway , this was no good for me , cause I needed a volume pedal for mostly guitar effects , such as whaling sound -LRB- Mark Knopfler 's `` brothers in arms '' for ex . -RRB- and so on . It is more practical to use a pedal then messing with the guitar volume knob , although the pedal does take some time to get used to.So , I looked here and there , and found out there is a remedy to this , but no explanation whatsoever on how to do it . But , at least now I knew that the potentiometer inside can be adjusted . It 's not a technical or electronic limitation , or malfunction etc.Before we get into how to fix it , you probably ask , why did n't I return it?Well , the pedal itself is very sturdy , built from solid aluminum . It 's heavy too which is great cause you do n't want a light pedal that will flip over if you pull the guitar cable a bit or slightly kick it with your foot -LRB- I also have the Dunlop cry baby wah wah -LRB- tm -RRB- -LRB- GCB-95 -RRB- , so I was familiar with the built quality -RRB- . So , it 's stable . It looks good . The pedal movement up and down is very smooth and accurate , and the sound is neutral , with no noise what so ever . potentiometer -LRB- the electric component that varies the volume -RRB- is said to have a million cycle life span . Mine has 999,800 cycles left :P -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I love it ! This is the only pedal that I always have plugged in . It 's real handy at gigs if I suddenly want a little more or less juice in my sound , plus I can do nice swell-effects with it . Plus it 's a handy way to silence my guitar quickly if I 'm getting feedback or something.I probably do n't use this to its full advantage , and I 've heard that there 's a way to plug it into the preamp rather than the input jack , and that way you get a more linear -LRB- rather than logarithmic -RRB- response out of it , but I have n't tried that yet .
 Other than several effects pedals that I purchased through Amazon , the Dunlop High Gain Volume Pedal is probably one of the best and essential pieces of musical equipment I have ever purchased!The Dunlop volume pedal now allows me to rise above the rest of the music to play guitar riffs or solos without changing the chord playing sound of my guitar if I so desire . The pedal is very receptive , and the sound does n't get thin or wimpy when playing the pedal at lees than full volume like other pedals that I 've heard and tried do ! No more fumbling with guitar volume knobs which would usually change the tone of the guitar , especially when playing both neck and bridge pickups together.I should have bought one of the babies a long time ago ! To anyone looking for a receptive volume pedal which does n't lose its edge and remains true even when not played at `` full throttle '' , then this Dunlop volume pedal is for you -- and the one that I recommend !
 Well , it does what is intended , well . It 's got a stridy Dunlop design like a wah pedal . If you 're wanting a good volume pedal , this is a good choice .
 This is a really great pedal . When you set it up with your guitar and amp , you do n't need to take your hands off the neck to adjust your volume , higher or lower , just use this pedal to adjust the volume you need . It is also very smooth in the transition up or down and does n't make any noise what so ever , either when not in use or making volume changes . This pedal is well made and absolutely steady on the floor . In other words , it will stay exactly where you put it . I chose Dunlop because Jim Dunlop has been in business a long time with a lot of quality products on the market . Most of them are very reasonably priced and again well made . If your looking for a volume pedal , at a good price ... this is the one .
 I have to award this volume pedal with 4 stars , since i have needs that this pedal is quite lacking , 1st
 I got What I paid for , a volume pedal , excelent response . FOUR star because one thing , Went i turn off the volume from the pedal , I got ta make shure that it 's on exact 0 `` cero '' volume , because if it 's not , It 's gon na sound a lil ' lil ' lil ' bit ... But I Love the pedal anyway
 Smooth and quite ! I have tried other volume pedals , and there are better out there , but not for this price . I paid $ 70.00 for this pedal and when I need another one it will be one of these .
 I purchased this after fiddling with my old violin strings -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- and not being able to get true key with it . After putting on this string I was instantly able to tune the E string and it sounded beautiful . I will be replacing all the strings on my violin with this brand . Very impressed .
 Pleased with product . Came in envelope o.OKind of expensive , but well made product.Can buy a cheaper off brand , but remember you get what you pay for , buying cheap is not always the best if you want quality .
 This is one of the most popular E strings . works well with most of other brands like Dominant or Helicore.Somewhat over rated like most of other strings but that 's how it is.Personally , I ca n't tell the difference between this and other steel or aluminum E strings.Nevertheless , this is good E string that works well . If your violin produces harsh sound with this , try Obligato .
 I got this as a Christmas gift from my parents 5 years ago , and it STILL works !! There is no problem with the reeds , I have n't had to take it apart once unlike the 18 other hohners that I have owned . It is exceedingly easy to bend notes on and is BY FAR the BEST harmonica out there !!! I would recommend this to anybody in BSA or out of it .
 I use this channel strip during nearly every recording session I run . The sound is amazing for vocals -LRB- in combination with a good mic -RRB- , producing a warm and yet extremely clean sound.I have used the unit on acoustic guitar , kick drum , electric guitar and even bass . I was able to get stunning sound from all sources , with a little tweaking of the settings and mic placement.This unit is capable of immaculate results . Well worth the money .
 I have 2 737s they are the best channel strips you can buy period . I use them with a neumann TLM 103 as well as some cheaper mics such as the Studio Projects C1 and Rode K2 . Is it expensive ? Yes , but it is well worth the price and ultimately you have to spend a good deal of money if you want top notch audio . In short if you are looking for unparalleled quality buy the 737 . If you are looking at this review but ca n't afford it , I would recommend the ART MPA 2ART ProMPA II -- 2-Channel Tube Mic Preampand a ART VLA 2 -LRB- make sure you switch out the tubes -RRB- or look into an fmr preampFMR RNP Microphone Preampand compressorFMR RNC Compressor Unit -LRB- I would recommend skipping Universal Audio altogether -RRB- , this will get you about 70 percent of where the 737 is but if you want the full experience buy the real thing .
 I own two Avalon VT 737 preamps and have to say that these are top quality tube preamps . I like that you get a great tube preamp plus EQ and compression in one unit . They sound great and are well built - the only thing is that there is a bit of a learning curve to the EQ - so make sure to consult the manual . These do sound different than solid state pres and can be driven into distortion with the gain up and output down . With the right mic and settings they 'll deliver great sound for any voice/instrument and would be a huge upgrade for most built in preamps in most interfaces available today .
 has a `` close-up '' round sound . The Avalon VT-737sp tube preamp has the unique warm sound that only tubes can deliver . the compressor needs a bit help ... but The Avalon 737 delivers a killer midrange presence that is ideal for voice overs . A perfect match for my Neumann U87 ai and my Sennheiser MKH 416 ... The Equalizer is second to none ... Your Voice overs will sound like melted butter.Don CaponeVoice Actor
 I unfortunately have to write this review not about the product but the companies quality control standards . I highly recommend buying this from a store where you can check yourself to make sure everything is working and intact.The problem is that I needed this preamp over the weekend for a major production project . Unfortunately , when I opened the box and pulled out the unit , the `` input gain '' knob fell off . I immediately starting cursing to myself and thinking that I was responsible for the damage . I examined the unit closely and realized that the mount that the actual knob is attached to did not have holes that penetrated the metal . This means that the manufacturer did n't finish the job . They took short cuts by drilling the hole through the knob , into the mount , and then applying the hexagonal screws to hold it in place . The mistake they made is that the holes did n't puncture the interior of the knob -LRB- the mount -RRB- . There were some cuts on the mount indicating that the drill bit touched the mount , but did not penetrate it . The knob was also bent slightly to the right , alerting me that it had perhaps been dropped or hit by the drill while drilling holes in the other knobs . This is a simply unacceptable manufacturing process . Read on and you will find out why it is so ridiculousAll that may seem like a lot of fuss over a knob , but it is a crucial component to the unit and I could not reattach the knob myself , nor did I want to void the warranty by putting the holes in myself . Here is the real kicker - the box contains a card . And on this card , there are the words `` quality control check '' . Wow . The `` knobs and faceplate '' ticker was checked off . Simply unbelievable . This tells me that they did NOT do a quality control test on this unit . This is beyond unacceptable , it is deceitful and unethical . I have taken a photo of the card and I will send it to Avalon so that they can track down the engineer who did the quality control on this unit , and on any other units that are perhaps also damaged.Note that I did n't rate this product even one star below five . This is because this is one of the best preamps available on the market , there is enough information available on the internet to prove this . You should just all be aware that purchasing a product online from Avalon may be a risk until they find the engineer responsible for this and educate him on proper testing of their units.I 've arranged to send it back , and I feel really bad that because of my immediate need for the unit , the vendor selling me the preamp did n't get my business . That is unfair and should n't be allowed to happen again.Thank you for reading this . I wish you better luck than I had . -LRB- I literally got this in the mail on Friday the 13th -RRB-
 For recording and live prformance this i the best thing ive ever had ! It goes perfecly with my musicman ! If u have the money , its a must have !
 I have used this product for several years , working for someone else . I bought them for my own business when I had the opportunity , on the basis of their very good performance and reliability . This product does stand mistreatment . They are also very good in terms of `` bang for buck '' . This is a very good purchase .
 I have used these strings for years . I like their tone quality and durability . I would recommend them to anyone who likes gut strings .
 I recently was on a hunt for a new china cymbal , having needed to upgrade from an old Zildjian 18 '' . I had started looking at drummers I admire the sound of to see what I may be interested in . I finally discovered this beautiful cymbal . It 's got a very buttery , rich , and explosive sound . Not annoying , with a long decay , sharp , or teeth-gritting -LRB- like man other chinas -RRB- , but musical . It 's great for fast accents , and it compliments my family of cymbals SO well . It can be a very loud cymbal when you need it , and still deliver the same intensity at quieter dynamics . I recommend checking it out if you want something with a quicker decay , and a bright but not piercing trash sound .
 Pirastro Gold has a very nice tonal quality , with complex overtones . It works for my second violin -LRB- I use the Pirastro Violino in the other one -RRB- . I found it well worth the money .
 I was upgrading my daughters telecaster and since she is into heavy rock music we decided to go with the Hot Rails . First off , if you want to keep the tele twang , this is not the pickup for you . However , this pickup does have very nice cleans and if you roll the volume a bit it can be a pretty sweet pickup . Where this pickup really shines though is on your OD channel . I play through a Blackstar HT-5 and this guy can really scream for such a narrow pickup . It really picks up your playing style and squealies are no problem now with this pickup . Also , the installation was easy as can be , the pickup fit right into the bridge with no other modifications needed . If you have a Tele that you want to rock this is a great easy solution .
 I have one of these in a koa wood telecaster kit guitar I built years ago . I changed the tone pot to a push/pull switch/pot so I can run the pickup in series or parallel and it 's a useful mod . Pretty loud and the koa body is sort of like dense mahagony or walnut . Pretty bright sounding wood . The pickup sounds very full and the brightness of the body keeps the high end in there . I do n't usually like series/parallel switching but with this pickup it works . I 'm using the old style bridge with the three brass pieces , as they are a big part of the old tele/broadcaster sound . I love the Roy Buchanan fat tele rear pickup sound on his early records and this makes it , just more magnifyed . Where I live noise is a big problem in the bars , so being humbucking makes my live playing happen with this pickup . This pickup is pretty close to an overwound Broadcaster sound . Pinched harmonics jump and if Roy were around , he would like the way the fatness moves the air and the treble hurts if you push it . It 's definitely old school tele voiced . The neck pickup is a Seymour Duncan strat hot stack neck pickup , so I got a `` tele '' I can haul on any stage . One thing to be aware of . If you screw the pickup too high in the tele bridge assembly , you can short out the pickup by coming in contact with the metal bridge . You may want to cover the pickups mounting `` ears '' with some foam sheeting or thin cardboard to insulate the wiring from the bridge plate underneath . Click on the pickup to get a close up . If some of those wires coming out of the back contact your bridge the pickup will go dead . It 's not broke , just lower the pickup a little . That 's the area to cover .
 The Fender telecaster has to be one of the most moded guitars in the history of the instrument . The bolt on design and front loaded electronics make the Tele an easy target for guitar tweakers . Countless guitar stores have tons of options for hardware , plates , and knobs . With all of these choice available one of the most difficult options to change on the Telecaster are the pickups.The Tele pickup has a unique 3-screw design . This makes mounting almost any pickup not designed for the Telecaster almost impossible without some serious modifications . To add a standard humbucker to your beloved Telecaster , you will need to buy a new bridge and route the body . That is until now.Seymour Duncan has a ton of great options for Telecaster players ranging from classic Broadcaster pickups to high output rockers . Today we are going to review Seymour Duncan 's STHR-1b Hot Rails pickup.One thing I love about the STHR-1b is the rails . Rails give me clear articulation when bending notes pole placement is not an issue . What I love best about the STHR-1b is the searing output . The Hot Rails has a deep mid-range throaty bark to it that allows me to cut through the mix.Yet another great aspect of this pick up is the four-conductor cable . Depending on taste and style , you can wire the STHR-1b with a multitude of options . In my application , I kept it simple with a single coil split switch . Running on a single coil the STHR-1b sounds great . There is still plenty of mid range in the punch but the tone gets a bit cooler and rounder . When breaking up the signal a bit with a line booster I conjure up a nod to Jimmy Page 's early Led Zeppelin recordings.With both coils on and my Marshall 's gain cranked , I am ready to play anything from Metallica to Five Finger Death Punch.Shredding with this pickup is also a dream . The response and the harmonics are sweet , fast runs are clear with perfect elocution . The sustain seems to go on forever with a response that feels like a high-end sports car flying around a tight corner.The Hot Rails has a street price of around $ 80 making it an painless upgrade to your Telecaster .
 Beautiful , crisp sizzle . That 's the best way I can describe this fantastic hi-hat . I think it 's sound is only beat by the Zildjian K 14-Inch Constantinople Hi-Hat but they 're more expensive and they sound really similar .
 This is a sturdy stand , with the usual trade off of weight versus stability . It folds up flat , but JUST fits into a standard back pack . For the acoustic-electric crowd , the clearance of the bottom of the guitar is such that you 'll need a right-angle plug if you want to leave it plugged in at gigs.You can adjust the stand to be wider or narrower , but I have n't needed or tried that feature.I 'm pleased . It 's my first stand , although I 've played the guitar for 40 plus years . About time !
 It 's a smart little collapsible stand . Fits my cello perfectly , I guess it 's a marvel of engineering I suppose ... I honestly ca n't find one thing I did n't like about this product other than the price . But it remains a good value .
 Supports the cello well . It is not particularly attractive but when the cello is on it , its barely noticeable . It is adjustable to support differently sized instruments . Overall happy with this purchase
 I was looking for a stand that was collapsible so that I could carry it with me to cello class ... I was tired of my instrument getting knocked over and bumped into . But I also wanted it to be sturdy enough to withstand being repeatedly used and taken down . Being attractive and unobtrusive were also on the list . I got everything I wanted with this stand . It holds my cello securely and I love being able to carry it with me to class and not having to lay my cello down in the path of destruction . Definitely more than worth the price!K & M Heli Multi-Purpose Instrument Stand
 Works great for my 9 year old 's chello . High quality product , I would recomend it and my daughter has been very happy with it
 I got this for my cello so I did n't have to uncase it every time I played it . It does exactly what it is supposed to do . I would have given it five stars except that the tabs on the front are a little too hard for my taste , so I was worried about dinging the finish . However , a piece of velvet draped over the tabs took care of that . It is well worth the price .
 I originally bought this stand for my acoustic guitar and it worked marvelously . After I got a guitar case , I started using it for my cello ... again , it worked beautifully . It 's sturdy , well-made , and nicely sized -LRB- it was easy to fit into my dorm room -RRB- . It 's well-worth the price .
 This is a useful , sturdy instrument stand useful for guitars , cellos , or even an odd bass viola da gamba that you might have around the house . It is solid and holds your instrument steady when you put it down for a while during a performance or practice session . The rubberized surface grips your instrument securely below and behind , but a tag on the stand indicates that you should not put an instrument with a nitrocellulose finish on the stand for extended storage as it will react with the finish over time .
 I have two children that play cello and purchased two stands . These work great for them . I like the smaller size since space is limited . Holds the cello upright safely and is very sturdy . Would definitely recommend .
 My daughter has started the cello and we needed someplace to store it that was n't on the floor . This stand has fit the bill perfectly . Often , collapsible stands are flimsy , but this one is sturdy to use . It 's compact design means it 's not in the way when the cello 's not on it and we do n't seem to be tripping over it.I 've given this 4 stars instead of 5 because my daughter has a half-size cello . I ca n't say how this will work for a larger instrument , although it is adjustable . But , for the price , it 's a great option .
 leave to Germany for efficiency ... Used it for years with electric/acoustics and as amp tilt/stands as well . Folds and fits in my gigbag . What more do you want , a BMW ?
 I was somewhat skeptical . Worried about stability and also hard surfaces . This stand was better than expected . This stand is cello friendly , and very stable . I have two older full size cellos of different shapes and this stand works beautifully for both . I do not have small children , but do have a rambunctious boxer who likes to plop down by my cello at night.Although not important to me , the stand folds flat beautifully . The stand folds in a manner such that the left and right sides end up together and is very flat . The maximum dimension is top to bottom of the the rear verticle support . I believe the construction is such that repeated fold down/open should not compromise .
 I 've used this stand for years for my french horn . It works well as long as no one runs into it or steps on it , but that would be the case with any horn stand . Much less expensive that one made for horn .
 This is a very nice stand - I was shopping around for cello stands and this was the most affordable . You definitely get your $ s worth . I 'd recommend this to anyone who wants a sturdy , dependable stand .
 It 's easy to setup easy to use and does its job . Not hard to move around and have n't had any problems in the 7 months I 've had it . Looks pretty too .
 As a amateur musician I learned that to be able to feel and play like a pro , you must surround yourself with the right tools . This bag set definitely takes care of this aspect for me . I 'm able to fit both the Timales stand and the Zimbal stand . Tha Timbales bags fit my Tito Puente Series drums nicely along with the -LRB- 18 '' -RRB- Simbal plate , clave , and two cencerros . The straps are convenient when carrying the drums by yourself . The price was very reasonable ... Highly recommended !!
 I 'm a dual platformer by trade . I teach PCs but just bought my Powerbook G4 after a brief trip to the dark side -LRB- 6 years since my last Mac -RRB- . A born-again Mac Addict . I use CDwave for PC to track out live concert discs . It is simple and made solely made to record . split and export audio files . That left me searching for something comparable for Mac without buying a $ 500 software package that does more than I 'm ready for now.I just bought Peak LE after trying out the trialware . I saw it in the Apple Store and decided to try it . The saleslady actually recommended Sound Studio which is $ 50 instead of the $ 99 retail fpr Peak LE . And they do n't even carry it . I tried Sound Studio first but it crashes anytime you try to do something ... and I have 1Ghz Powerbook -LRB- fixed permissions and all -RRB- . I read that Sound Studio is prone to this and has done little to fix the problem . Prior to finding either program , I tried the free audio software , Audacity , but it is too complex for what I need . It is difficult to understand and manipulate . It also has little support and documentation.So I tried Peak LE and found it to be just the right amount of power I need for my means . I record live concerts -LRB- by permission of the bands -RRB- onto DAT , transfer to CD and track in a non-linear editor -LRB- i.e. Peak LE -RRB- . The most I need to do is fade-in and - out and other simple operations . In addition , you can even burn discs straight from Peak LE . DAO is the default settings with 0.00 s gaps between tracks ! The online documentation is excellent and it helped teach me to use the software before i even bought it!There are only a few criticisms of the software/packaging . A printed version of the 80-page manual and 50-page tutorials with the retail version of the software . I know I 'm a slave to paper . I also wish I could edit the markers and regions in a list format . Other than that , it 's perfect !
 I 'm not sure about the previous reviewer , but he/she obviously did n't know much about this product . Sonar 3 does , indeed , support Creative Labs soundcards . I use it with an Audigy 2 and there are many who I know who are even using it happily with a Soundblaster Live ! . A Live ! may not be the ideal solution for a professional production product like this , but it will work despite what the previous reviewer said . As for the latency issues , it would appear to me that the previous reviewer was unaware of how to set the latency settings . As far as I know , Sonar 3 comes configured to a default latency of 100ms . That can be easily and successfuly changed in an options menu down to single digits.Don ' t listen to the previous reviewer , it would appear they were misinformed and came to hasty conclusions . I can certainly recommend this product , and to my knowledge , it is by far the best sequencer available anywhere near the price range . I 've heard good things about Reason -LRB- by Propellerhead -RRB- too , but it does n't seem to be flexible and interoperable as Sonar 3 is .
 To `` armtuk '' : I had experience simularly before even with SONAR 2.2 ! But I did n't considered giving that software up so easily like that . Why not buy MAudio Audiophile 24/96 sound card . It works so well on mine ! Set it up to the lowest latency as you want and it will do very well . Mines is MAudio USB Quartro , yours is USB Duo . Both external audio/MIDI interface units are very good with other software programs like Steinberg Cubase , but does not work well with Cakewalk software at all . Even with the ASIO setup ! You can also try Delta 66 , Delta 1010 , or Omni Studio audio interface unit . I think they can do well with SONAR . If you have a laptop , then you could try a firewire audio/MIDI interface other than USB Duo for Cakewalk . Even though I do n't have SONAR 3 , but I like to get the newest SONAR 4 in the future . So far , I have a collection of Cakewalk software including the latest Home Studio Version Two .
 This has been a great beginner violin . It 's a great value with all the other included accessories as well . I have been enjoying the violin for several years and it 's performed well for a beginner . I never played an instrument before buying this . I was n't sure if I 'd keep up with it so I wanted to spend as little money as possible . I was impressed when I inquired several professional violin instructors as to their evaluation of this violin . They said I chose very well . I would say it has a balanced sound but keep in mind that every violin has its own sound .
 This mic is ideal for a beginner . If you 're looking for something cheap that sounds a good bit better than a built-in mic . It may not be the best quality mic , but it 's a great one to start with .
 A little pricey for a mic holder but well worth it . This is very well built and solid but not too heavy . Housing is solid plastic and all the mount parts are metal . The plastic tightening dial is nice and thick.And surprisingly it is made in Japan .
 Great product ! Fits perfectly on my Canon XA10 ! This is n't one of those cheap aftermarket parts . Great construction . Good materials .
 Like it . Mounts nicely on the camera . Minimal noise and seems to be a great product for the price . I 've only used it once so far but I would recommend this product . I did some research before I bought it and was worried that going cheap would mean low quality ... seems good to me so far .
 I love the quality you get for this price , it 's great for any sized shotgun mic and works like a charm ... Personally , I made the thoughtless decision to leave my t2i on the end of a jib crane without mounting it to test counterweighting . Complete with ; ens , a matte box and my small shotgun mic with dead-cat wind screen , it fell face down from 4 or 5 feet . only the plastic cold-shoe square broke , and only in one place ! Not even bent at all , this saved my camera.Buy this if you 're looking for a shotgun mount .
 This shock mount is awesome for the price . Its quality meets all those exceeding its price . Azden makes great product . You can use these on boom poles or in the hot shoe mount of the camera .
 I got this shock mount at the same time I got my Azden shotgun mic . It 's simple to insert the mic into it and easy to attach it to my camcorder , but you have to be careful that the mic 's on/off switch and level cutoff switch do n't get flipped when you slide the mic into place . This happens very easily , so if you 're setting it up in advance of recording you need to make sure the mic 's turned off so that you do n't drain the battery . Not sure if this is a common problem with all shock mounts , a failing of the mic 's design , or just an issue with this shock mount.Still , it definitely does the job of keeping camcorder noises away from the mic , which is all that really matters in the end .
 No problem with this product . Everything fine ! i use it at home to record voices attaching it to the mount of my camera
 I ca n't complain . This has been the best solution for me so far and it 's sturdy , it 's affordable . I 'm happy with it .
 Works like a charm ! I 'm always skeptical of products like this that I ca n't try out in person to see how they react to my needs ... but I was really pleasantly surprised.I have it attached to my Canon 7D and I could n't be happier with this purchase !
 Works better than my two previous solutions for holding a shot gun mic on my video camera . In that regard , I like . But for what it is , the price ought to be about $ 15 !
 What you see in the picture is what you get ; a bit of plastic , metal and rubber for what seems like an exorbitant sum . Why would it cost that much ? The answer lies in the difference between using a sensitive shotgun mic -LRB- is n't that the whole idea ? -RRB- on your camera with and without the shock mount.Without it what sounds like a blender set on puree hammers away at your precious footage while you 're left to scratch your head in puzzlement at what went wrong . You did n't hear that extraneous noise derived from the transport mechanism of your camera . With the shock mount you get just what you filmed
 This shock mount is great and will fit a variety of mics . I am a DSLR Video shooter and I needed a mount to go into the hot shoe . This one does just that for less than 1/2 the price of its closest competitors . Here 's the one bummer about it - it DOES NOT SWIVEL OR PIVOT . I wish that I could raise , lower ... Aim in general . Its construction assumes that I am focused right at the audio source of interest . If I am getting artistic with my shots , which I do , I want a bit more flexibility . But , again , for this price I 'll deal with it and I might even buy another in the future.Oh , by the way , its built to last . Sturdy as can be .
 I purchased this along with the Azden SMX-10 shotgun mic , when its in place the on-off switch is hidden by the body of the mic holder , really annoying ! The holder needs to be shorter or the mic longer , I did not want to try another setup so I modified the rear of the holder placing a round piece of foam inside it that moved the mic 3/4 '' further forward . Seems to work fine ! I like this now as it is a lot more compact for me as I film out on the trails and do n`t want large equipment . After my mod I would say it is perfect now . I will try to put up some photos of the mod .
 While this mount does not allow tilting up and down like some models , it still holds it . If you absolutely need to point it in a certain direction , buy another mount . Otherwise , get this one .
 Worked great . I needed a shotgun mic mount for my Sennheiser mic to use on my Nikon D800 . Love the extra set of rubber bands - I just hope I can remember where I put them if one of these breaks in the future. : -RRB-
 I 've used my Schoeps CMIT 5U in this and other various mics and I do so without hesitation . This thing has a nice build and weight to it and it has worked for me for over a year . The bands on it are quite tight which makes me feel very secure in having my mic in there . There is also no handling noise when using this product , which is essential in these mic holders . The body seems to be one piece cast , so you do n't need to worry about something coming loose during shooting that will make sound .
 I use this to mount aAudio-Technica ATR-6550Shotgun mic on a L-Bracket with my HDSLR.Works well , The shoe mount does feel like kinda cheap plastic , the rest is metal .
 Hey , this thing holds a shotgun mic . It 's a shock-mount , but if you hit the camera , it 's still gon na hear it . It does isolate it from the motor noises of the camera though .
 Needed a microphone shock-mount for my new Panasonic GH 3 camera to hold an Audio-Technica ATR6550 shotgun mic . Saw this one on Amazon -- reviews were positive -- so I bought it . Note
 This little amp is really appropriate for buskers . Plug in an acoustic -LRB- with pickup -RRB- or an electric guitar , and a mic at the same time . Mic input is XLR -LRB- low Z -RRB- or standard 1/4 '' -LRB- hi Z -RRB- - the flexibility is great . Website says that the tone controls -LRB- 4 band -RRB- are for both channels . On mine , now about four years old , the tone controls only apply to channel two . Channel one is `` straight '' into the amp . They may have changed the specs since mine was made.Overall the amp is great for the money . Good little practice amp and good for small solo/duo gigs . I 've also used it as a mini-monitor if I can get an output from the bands board/mixer . I take it on vacation and play at the beach or on my tailgate . Great for taking in the backyard and plugging in an mp3 player or DVD player -LRB- using an input adapter -RRB- . PROS : - Relatively inexpensive-Runs on battery OR AC power-Dual inputs-Good tone controls-Fairly rugged construction -LRB- good cabinet , handle , grille and fasteners , etc -RRB- CONS-RCA/phono inputs for a CD player are slightly out of date . A 3.5 mm phone input for mp3 player would be much more useful . Also the RCA inputs have absolutely no volume control -LRB- and no tone control -RRB- so you are dependent on the CD player -LRB- or mp3 player -RRB- to control the volume.-Pretty flat tone . No distortion or effects . If you want any grit/breakup or reverb you 'll need a pedal -LRB- s -RRB- . - Reports that SLM Electronics has sold the Crate lineup and parts are now much more difficult to get.Update 2011-03-28 : Battery needed replacing . -LRB- it 's a sealed lead-acid unit -RRB- Just occasional use around home/on the road so that was surprising . Available online from battery vendors for around $ 60 as I remember.Note
 Very simple to use -- not too heavy , good sound . If you need to not plug in , this is the successor to the Maxi-Mouse . Amazon 's price is particularly persuasive if it 's still going out at $ 169 !
 Other harpist had suggested that the Crate was the most appropriate for amplifying a harp . My wife plays the harp , and had found that reqular sound systems did a poor job of replicating the instrument 's sound.I gave her the Crate TX15 for Christmas . It 's all is was cracked up to be . The thing is heavier than I would have thought it would be , but not so much so that she ca n't comfortably carry it .
 This product is compact and light enough to take pretty much anywhere , and the battery seems to last for hours . I find the tone pleasing , somewhat `` warmer '' than cheap transistor amps . The high end is faily clear , and the lows are pretty good for a unit this size . There is some hiss and background noise , but it is almost inaudible unless you put your ear next to the speaker.The controls include inputs for CD -LRB- twin RCA jacks -RRB- and a mic -LRB- I am not familiar with this connector -RRB- , as well as a headphones jack . The construction seems solid.All in all , this amp delivers what it promises , with no drawbacks that I have noticed after using it for 2 months .
 This was an awesome buy ! I have used this many times and it works great . Great sound . Great price . It rocks
 Best battery powered amp in this price range , hands down . I 've put a lot of use into this thing while busking in Los Angeles and it is still going strong !
 Just out of the box 4 days ago I was ready to ship it back . Now I 've worked with it , found a schematic and have a better idea of how to make it suit me . The amp does n't trim the lows like say , a Line 6 Micro Spyder to keep the speaker from splattering - it has a built in limiter that you ca n't adjust , so it 's too easy to get that over-compressed grabbing before you get a comfortable volume if the Bass or Low Mid control is too hot . There are ways around this-1 -RRB- If you will be using a mic put that in first and adjust the tone for it .2 -RRB- The tone section builds out of the Bass control , so turn all the tones to -0 - then turn the volume to about as loud as you will need . Then add Bass , Lo Mid , etc. in that order till you get the tone you want . If it breaks up too much back off the volume .3 -RRB- The amp does n't trim the highs as much as a regular guitar amp AND it has a piezo tweeter so it 's easy to get hiss from outboard gear . If you plug in an effect to get reverb , chorus , etc. . It can start hissing like something 's busted . My Digitech RP100 was incredibly noisy , even with internal tone muted . I had to turn the amp 's highs way down and reprogram my effects . Taking some of the lows out of the effects stopped rumbling and limiter grabbing in the amp as well . * By pre-eq-ing I can get considerable more volume without as noticeable limiting . * - but - I will have to get a quieter effects pedal if I 'm going to run a mic at the same time -LRB- since both channels share the tone section , and vocals need highs -RRB- .4 -RRB- The amp 's breakup/sustain is very slight and not that great for my guitar solos . The tone controls are somewhere between guitar and vocal , and since mic and vocal get summed then limited , you can end up choking and distorting your vocals with your instrument . Again , a multi-effect or mini mixer seems to be the answer , but getting this little amp with two channels was supposed take care of that.I 'm resisting voiding my warrantee by modding this amp , so I 'm not saddled with extra boxes to carry -LRB- clipping some of the lows and highs , adding a reverb and mounting a control somewhere , and adding a stand adapter -RRB- . The TX50 Limo has effects and a lot of my gripes are dealt with , but its much heavier , and bigger , costs over twice as much , and that 's just not an option for me . So I 'm keeping this , selling my Micro Spyder , and fiddling with battery operated pedals .
 I have had another one like this that has seen 11 years of use and still runs strong . I was so happy to get this delivered new for less than I paid 11 years ago .
 I highly recommend any of the the CRATE TAXI amps ! We use them to amplify our harp & guitar for weddings and events on the beach where we can set up away from the ceremony and let the sound carry thru the air ! We use it as well for any other inside or outside engagements when we perform our acoustic music . We have had the CRATE TX 30 for quite a while and just purchased the TX 15 . Both harp & guitar can run thru one amp at the same time . You may visit us at -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 My son just started playing in the school orchestra and this is a wonderful violin for him . It has a nice sound for the price . It was actually cheaper to buy it than rent one for a year - plus he ejoys a sense of ownership this way . We 're very pleased .
 If you are like me and do not change strings but a few times a year , you probably only clean your guitars on the same cadence . This stuff works magic and makes the cleaning easier and does a great job .
 I picked up my first bottle of lizard spit 6 years ago from POPS music shop in Prescott Arizona . That bottle went empty yesterday . The polis lasts well , it does a superb job of cleaning just about anything you manage to spill . I would reccomend this to anyone , and if you are ever in the area , visit POPS ... You wo n't regret it !!!
 I have used this tuner for several years and have much appreciated its simplicity . With previous electric tuners , I found it very difficult to tune in a crowded or noisy environment . The microphone would pick up other noises and would be confused.This tuner , though , clips onto the guitar -LRB- or fiddle or mandolin or whatever -RRB- and picks up vibrations through the wood . Thus , surrounding noises do n't interfere with tuning.Other nice features of the tuner are that it is quite compact , the battery seems to last a long time -LRB- I have n't changed it in two years of use -RRB- , and the little clip swivels so you can see the LCD display from various angles.On the whole , I have been quite happy with this little tuner .
 Length :
 Very unique . I like how it picks up on vibrations . My biggest complaint is that the arrow system used is rather confusing at first and it is difficult to tell how accurate it actually is . Other than that , it picks up the vibrations very well , the backlight is great , and it is super easy to use once you realize how the arrows work . A tad pricey though .
 I am not much of a musician . I bought this to tune my kid 's guitar between lessons . It works . It is very easy to use , and the teacher said I did a great job tuning the guitar .
 I ` ve never been very good to put in tone my guitar . I had an electronic tuner but the problem was that everything had to be in silence so I could tune it . With the inteltouch we have no more problems , because in the midle of the presentation one can tune the guitarr because it is with vibration . We just love it . Yes , it is expensive , but for people like me it ` s just the perfect buy .
 I love this product , it makes tuning my violin a snap , and it clips on and stays pretty well even when I am practicing . It is also very good at other stringed instrument such as guitars etc. 5stars
 I have looked for a tuner like this for a long time . It is fast , easy to operate , lite , and fits in any pocket . It is rare to find a better than advertised product .
 I love the idea of having both a capo and tuner together , because I used to carry both . Now I just carry my Intellitouch CT1 Capo Tuner with me .
 I gave this to my son for Christmas and he was thrilled . A tuner and a capo in one , , perfect .
 A friend showed up at the jam with one and I was sold ... does n't even seem to have a problem with low E . Now I 'm waiting for the banjo version 'cause the guitar model is too big and too strong for a banjar .
 I got this to use on a classical guitar particularly for playing in church services . Because my pickup is phantom powered , it is too complicated to route my audio signal directly through a tuner . Nowhere do they tell you the width of this capo . It is about 2 '' -LSB- or 5 cm -RSB- , so it does work on most classicals , though with no room to spare . While it is nice to get a reading on whether your strings are still in tune once the capo is clamped on , the problem for me is that one needs to strike the string loudly for the display to respond -- making it unusable during a service .
 I use this fretboard conditioner frequently and recommend it highly . However , I 'm not exactly sure what the product description -LRB- quoted below -RRB- is describing . Maybe I 'm not using it properly : `` Clean and condition fretboards without residue buildup on the frets or damage to porous woods / Regular use will prevent warping / 4 oz . Frequency Gain Control 5 Band Graphic Equalizer 5 Band Parametric Control 20 Total Frequency Band Selector Defeat Switch Remote Power On/Off 12dB Boost/Cut Rotary Band Control Rotary Fader 6 Channel RCA Outputs S/N Ratio - 90dB Frequency Response - 15 Hz to30 ,000 Hz Dimensions - 1 '' H x 7 '' W x 6.25 '' D Includes owners manual Requires installation `` Update
 Ive never really found the right product for cleaning my guitar until i was at a music store one day and took my chance on a oddly named bottle of lizard spit and fell in love with it on first spray . The guitar polish cleans like a charm and has a great smell . After that i found the fretboard conditioner online and purchased it with out even thinking . it also was spectacular on first use it removed so much grit and grim from my guitar i did a second round of it . Love its orange smell and will forever be a costumer of lizard spit and there great products
 Received product promptly and in great condition . Useful - and necessary for wooden instruments . Potential to leave lint in lumen . Seems to work well .
 This little swab is perfect for the alto recorder , although I would have been happy about a longer handle . But , it fits just right , and cleans everything out well . It will also work for the soprano . Price is right . Buy them all .
 I am not quite sure where to start reviewing an instrument swab ? I have recently upgraded to a fine consort of Moeck Rottenburg recorders , and felt I needed to do something better with quality instruments than I have done with my older less expensive collection . Having this swab as well as the one from the other company that does the multi-color swabs , I can say that this swab is very well constructed , is the right size to pass through the bore of the instrument without binding , and the even colors make it more refined and professional looking than other swabs I have used . I also have n't broken or bent it yet , and none of my instruments have gotten moldy or cracked , so I have to say it must be doing its job.I purchased one for my tenor first , I liked it well enough , that I ordered one for Alto as well . The shipping on both was very fast from the manufacturer , and the yarn used is different than the other swab company , I do n't notice colored fibers in the bore with this swab . I will probably end up getting this brand for the other instruments as the need arises .
 This music book is just what my daughter wanted and it 's in almost new condition !! Overall , a great experience . Thank you .
 I use it in between my guitar and preamp and it helps a lot , improves the timbre of my guitar and bass guitar
 Maybe I did ' t read about the real size but how ever , they must call this bonbos MICRO bongos instead of mini bongos .
 The matter of fact , it is very tiny bongo . I purchased it for my 2 years old son and it is perfect size for him . It looks nice and well constructed .
 These Cute Little Bongos not only make nice diplay items and good conversation starter , but they are fun to play too !
 I was able to get a quick ship & give it to my husband for a Christmas gift . He said it was the best present I had ever given him . The service was great & timey . Thanks for making it a great Christmas at my house !
 This pedal makes my Les Paul sing . Better than I imagined , even with all the good reviews . Such a wide range of sounds ; warm jazzy boost , great blues overdrive , and almost some Black Sabbath distortion . Makes my crappy Behringer amp sound ... almost good .
 I like this overdrive . It make my guitar sound like as a professional player performing . I 'm just a beginner .
 I am new to playing the Guitar so I am not going to be able to say wonderful things about the sound . I can tell the difference with the Bad Monkey on and I like the way it sounds but beyond that I am not able to comment . The book for setting the BadMonkey illustrates 4 settings to use . The 4 are Punchy Drive , Warm Rhythm , Lead Boost , and Texas Tone.The pedal is well built and comes with a 9 volt batter . However , it does not come with a power adaptor . The adaptor will probably cost you around $ 20 once shipping and handling is figured in . This is something you need to figure in when comparing with the BOSS DS-1 Distortion Pedal . That pedal comes with an adaptor.Were I to do it again , I would buy the BOSS DS-1 and that is probably what I would recommend to any beginning guitar player looking for a distortion pedal . The BOSS DS-1 has been around for ages and many musicians have started with it.Pros-Well Made-Sounds GoodCons-Missing the power adaptor which will cost you ~ $ 20After I wrote this review I contacted the seller advertising the DS-1 with an adaptor . Their description was incorrect . However , both the Bad Monkey and DS-1 have gone up to the point that if you are looking for a distortion pedal I would recommend theBoss Mega Distortionas you can get it for only $ 10 more .
 Wow . What a pedal ! It completely outshines the TS-808 Reissue and costs over $ 100 less . What could be better ? I did a side by side comparison with these two and the Monkey just screamed ! The sweetest tone that I 've ever heard ! Woot ! The tonal varieties with the 4 knobs , in combination with your guitar 's volume , gives you from crackling tube amp to revved up Big Muff type sound . If you play blues , classic rock , or even some heavier rock , this pedal is a must for you . Make any solid state amp sing like an old Fender tube that 's cranked to 11 !
 OK ... here 's the drill ... a lot of semi-pro or pro musicians cringe at the thought of putting a Digitech `` anything '' in their signal chain . But recently , I went to a local venue , and heard this guy playing super transpearent lead guitar lines , while maintaing the sound of his single coil insturment , but it sounded like tubes being overdriven , all from a 15 watt amp . I snuck a peak at his modest pedal board ... and there was a Badmonkey!This pedal took the place of a handmade pedal on my board that was 5 times the cost ! YouTube has some great vid reviews . But this will be the best $ 49 you 'll spend on a pedal desinged to maintain the integrity of you guitars unique sound , yet give you enough dirt/grind to feel like you 're playing through a Narrow Panel Tweed at 10 . This is NOT for Metal Heads ... this is strictly old school , blues , country or jazz/fusion only . Combine it with a ZD or TS , and it 's magic on a budget!DigiTech DBM Bad Monkey Overdrive Guitar Effects Pedal
 There is a lot of hype surrounding this pedal , and though it will not turn you into a guitar god overnight , for the money it can not be beat . It is transparent and on its own you can get anything from smokey blues to classic rock out of it , it even comes with a book with some suggested settings which are all great jumping off points . I love it on its own or driving my fuzz pedal which gives me amazing singing lead tones.The controls are pretty self explanatory with a gain , level , high and low knob . And they have a nice usable range for all of them . Having both a high and low knob allows you to have a bit more control over your tone , than just a single tone knob which is a nice touch.My only dislike with this pedal is the foot switch , I personally like a nice click when I engage my pedals and though the part you step on is large it is connected to a long shaft that engages this tiny little button deep in the pedal . This is not a huge deal but I would like some tactile confirmation I engaged the pedal.To sum it all up , if you are thinking about getting this pedal just get it , you will not be dissapointed , I am sure there are better over drives out there but they cost 4 or 5 times as much .
 I had a Digitech Grunge pedal for a while when I first started playing , and swore anything Digitech off my effects loop afterwards . 3 years of playing later , I was looking for a nice warm sounding overdrive and ended up reading some reviews of this pedal . Not wanting to spend much money on a boutique pedal , I decided to give this baby a try . I was very surprised.This pedal is pure analog , and gives you a nice warm tone . I like to play it with the neck pickup to get a very Stevie-Ray Vaughn sound . When I play on amps with no overdrive channel , I run this with a mxr distortion pedal -LRB- light distortion -RRB- to get a good distorted overdrive tone , good for hard rock or metal riffs and solos.The Bad Monkey wo n't give you rock and roll gain , rather it boosts your tone quite a bit . If you 're running clean and hit it , you will get a good tube amp sound , driving those tubes nicely . If you 're playing with some decent gain and hit this , you 'll get a boosted tone with a rise in gain , but your sound wo n't break up.As always , this pedal sounds better according to how nice your amp is . It WILL work fine with a solid state amp too though . In fact , that 's what I 'm running mine into at home . Let me say though , if you play this thing into a nice tube amp with the volume cranked , your guitar will sing.The bass response is pretty damn fine on the Bad Monkey . There is always a nice low-end presence even while playing on the high frets.If you 're looking for a pedal to start out with though , this probably is n't a good choice , unless you know you want this sound . This pedal is n't extremely versatile , but does what it does very well . It handles a nice Texas blues/SRV type of sound to some pop rock like blink-182 , green day , ect . Make sure this is what you 're looking for before you buy it though . As long as you are n't expecting a pedal capable of creating high gain or distortion , you will more than likely be very pleased with your choice .
 Now , I know what everyone 's thinking ; `` Oh man ... digitech , how good can it be ? '' And given Digitech 's track record , I wo n't blame you for your skepticism . But let me tell you , digitech got it right with this one . This is one of the warmest sounding pedals I have ever heard , easily on par with with the Tube Screamer reissue -LRB- I had the opportunity to test both side by side -RRB- . I refuse to give the pedal a five star rating , because tone is to a large extent subjective and no matter what pedal you play someone , somewhere , is always going to prefer a different one . And the five star rating itself is incredibly over used and gives the impression of fan-boyism . That said , for the price of this pedal , it 's not going to push your retirement back and significant length of time , so even in the event that you do n't care for it , it 's no huge loss . I would strongly advise everyone at least test this pedal out before shelling out possibly hundreds on boutique overdrive pedals that sound potentially far worse than this one .
 The Digitech Bad Monkey Overdrive pedal is , put simply , the perfect pedal for the perfect price . It gives you crystal clear tones , has extremely responsive gain , low , high , and level knobs , and does wonders for your sustain.The gain knob gives you that great distortion that can go anywhere from blues to metal . the low rounds out your sound , changing the amount of bass . the high gives you that added punch and in the higher zones gives you that distinctive `` twang '' . The level knob controls the output from your guitar into the amp , magnifying it or reducing it.pros
 While there may be a certain snob appeal about owning hard to find vintage and/or expensive boutique pedals , you legitimately wo n't find a better OD pedal for anywhere close to the money . Adds that violin-like sustain with little or no coloration . The mixer output is a nice bonus .
 The BAD MONKEY overdrive pedal does not produce `` Crazy Train '' metal distortion . It is n't made to , and thus if you buy it for that sound you 're off target . -LRB- If that 's the sound you want , I recommend
 This thing sends my JCM 800 into overdrive very nicely ... and such a great price . I use it with the volume all the way up , bass and treble around 12 o clock -LRB- slight tweaks here and there -RRB- and the gain all the way down . I read it works well with the JCM 800 and it 's true ... works will with my Class 5 as well . No brainer for the cash .
 This pedal is well builted and has a great vintage sound , but the output level is a little low and it does n't have as much gain as other overdrives -LRB- this is normal in the tube-overdrives -RRB- . I will recomend to spend a little more and get the Hardwire version .
 I love this pedal . I bought one used at GC the other day for $ 30 and never looked back . Before it I was using a Joyo Vintage OD that is also an excellent 808 Clone but this pedal is able to tweak the highs and lows better . I have it set so the level is set to 9:00 , Low is set to 1:00 , High is set to 9:00 and the Gain is set to next tuesday . I prefer a beefier tone with a little less highs and it does that . It also is a nice smooth OD not too crunchy.For a cheap 808 clone this is the best I have used hands down.Maxon 808 - $ 150Ibanez TS9 - $ 100Digitech Bad Monkey - $ 60Joyo Vintage OD - $ 50All great pedals for the money but not really sold that the Maxon is 2 1/2 times better .
 If you listen or read what many pro guitarists and techies have to say about DigiTech effects pedals , they 'll tell you to stay away from them ... except for this one . That 's because the DigiTech Bad Monkey Tube Overdrive is an incredible value that could go head to head with any pedal made by BOSS or the $ 100 TS-9 Tubescreamer.In fact the TS-9 Tubescreamer is the pedal the Bad Monkey is best compared to . This is not meant to be a heavy distortion pedal with endless game - it simulates and overloaded tube amp that adds crunch and a little gain to an otherwise clean tone . Notes will sing and chords will really crunch , especially in blues and classic rock . But since the pedal works well as a level/gain boost , I 've heard of guitarists turning on the Bad Monkey in conjunction with other distortion effects , to really push them to new levels.But the best feature of the Bad Monkey by far is the two-band EQ . Virtually any distortion pedal has a `` Tone '' control that will make the tone darker or brighter . But since one band EQ basically takes away bass to add treble -LRB- or vice versa -RRB- , you may not find the sound you want . That 's what 's so great about the Bad Monkey - if you feel like your tone is too weak , you can fatten it up . If it 's too muddy , you can add treble . And you can make those changes without compromising the parts of the tone that you like.Construction is extremely durable - die cast metal , and probably heavier than a BOSS pedal . The switch is more similar to a BOSS than an Ibanez pedal , but I find that easier to use.If you 're a beginning player or a player on a budget , this would be an outstanding pedal to own , along with a more traditional high gain distortion pedal . There 's really no need to spend the extra money on a Tubescreamer , if that will prevent you from buying something else you need for your gear . But even for player where money is not an object , do n't overlook the Bad Monkey . It might just be the only tube overdrive pedal you 'll need .
 This is a very good tube screamer . Able to be finely adjusted to get some really great sounds . Holds up well against some of the expensive alternatives . It is a little painful that the battery will drain if you do not disconnect the input and that would be my only criticism -LRB- a power supply is of course the easy solution -RRB- . Very happy overall with this unit .
 I had just bought a Retro-King plexi 50 used and I wanted a overdrive that had a low end boost . The plexi 50 has a lot of low end on its own but it disapears when the bass and drums start . I play the amp with the gain up as high as it will go -LRB- sounds kind of like AC/DC -RRB- and use the bad monkey to drive it more -LRB- kind of like Ride The Lightning -RRB- . I 'm very happy with the results ! I have the level dimed , bass set at about 1 o clock , highs at about 9 o clock -LRB- the plexi 50 is very bright -RRB- and the gain hovers between 1 and two o clock . The tone is never mushy , the notes are clear and bell like . I still works very well when I play extended chords . I 've used it on a couple of gigs and got a few compliments on my tone.I could have easily went with a more expensive pedal -LRB- green rhino , xotic bb preamp -RRB- , but all of the video reviews used a clean amp and the overdrives just to add dirt to solos and stuff . I figured for $ 50 -LRB- overnight shipping included -RRB- it was worth taking a chance.It 's also worth mentioning that I used the mixer output for scratch trax today . It did the trick ! Good option if you do n't have a bunch of plug ins or a pod or something.Gotta go . Ambien is kicking in.Love , Jarrod
 If your like me , and play anything besides the heaviest of all death metal , then most distortion pedals are to much for you . This little thing gives you the perfect amount of gain no matter what your genre , from barely noticeable to heavy . it crunches up you tone but does n't damage it and does n't take any power away . its also silent when off . great pedal on par with the tube screamer and big muff
 I bought this pedal for add heaviness to my Peavey Valveking and it works pretty well.The EQ controls is a goood pro , and the distortion seems good to me . With this pedal I can overdistort the amp distortion or maybe use it with clean channel to play some soft things.Good construction , good functionalities .
 it makes you sound like you are hooked up to a piece of junk you found in a garage sale . What 's not to like ? Great trashy sound . !!!
 For the price you pay you can not get a better OD , plus this baby sounds greater in my opinion than the almost double as price , Ibanez TS . I 'm running it in the front of a ValveKing 100 Head and sounds quite nice .
 As the other reviews explain , if you 're on a budget , this pedal is basically perfect . As for the quality of the pedal , I 've owned it for ~ 3 months so far , and despite the beating its taken its still completely intact . The delivery was smooth and on time .
 This is purely an overdrive pedal , not a distortion pedal . It increases the gain and dirties your tone , but it does not actually distort your sound.If you 're a metal or hard rock player , do n't buy this . It 's better suited for country , soul , R&B ; , blues , or even jazz players who want to boost their volume and umph when they 're doing a solo . For that it 's excellent , especially considering its very low price.And despite its very low price , it 's very solidly built . It 's like a brick.This update is to point out that I 've only used the Bad Monkey pedal with tube amps
 This pedal is really great for what it costs ! I would probably pay double the price after hearing/using it . One of the biggest surprises to me is how much this thing improves even a practice amp at low volumes . It sounds pretty decent in front of a roland micro cube and sounds VERY good in front of a fender mustang -LRB- mine is a II -RRB- set to the Twin Reverb preset -LRB- with the reverb backed off a bit -RRB- . I 've always read that most OD pedals only sound good with tube amps , so I thought I would mention for those who are trying to `` quietly '' sound like SRV through headphones or late at night with cranky neighbors . It does go through some batteries , so the AC adapter may be a good investment if you decide you 'll use it all the time . Enjoy !
 I think that this pedal is a good value as an overdrive pedal but its speaker simulated 2nd output makes it a great value as a stand alone guitar preamp!I plugged it into my DAW and listened on my KRKs and was impressed by its sound . The overdrive is quite good . No , it ca n't hold a candle to my J. Rockett Pedals Alan Holdsworth Signature Overdrive but at $ 48.00 , it 's an absurdly good buy .
 I am not a serious guitar player . What I mean is I do n't get paid to play . But I do like the sounds I can make with this pedal and the distortion pedal I previously purchased . I am thankful they are relatively inexpensive and clearly built to last . I would certainly buy another one from either Amazon or DigiTech . It was a worthy purchase for me .
 WOW!for this price , it 's pretty incredible to get great tone.solid build and great tone features.Recommended !!
 I 've had this pedal for about five years . I own a bunch of other overdrive pedals , including the Boss SD-1 , TS-9 , a Klon clone , and a bunch of DIY pedals . The Bad Monkey is cool for a couple of reasons . First is the bass and treble controls . Most overdrive pedals only have one tone control , the Bad Monkey lets you sculpt both the highs and lows . Second is the mixer out . Not everyone will appreciate this feature but it allows you to jack the pedal into a mixer or audio interface with a `` speaker sim '' . The gain sound is ok , but what I do is use it as a boost by diming the output and turning the gain all the way down which slams my tube amp giving me a natural tube overdrive . This pedal will work best with a tube amp but some people may dig the gain tone on a solid state.It 's built like a tank . Ca n't go wrong for the price , IMO .
 This is a very good TS type pedal at a great price . The ability to adjust treb and bass is nice . The enclosure is metal , the knobs feel sturdy , and the switch has a durable feel . I ordered this pedal through Amazon and had it for a few days but ultimately sent it back because it was redundant in my arsenal . If you do n't have a TS type pedal this is a good , cheap choice . Personally , I did n't think it sounded any better -LRB- or worse -RRB- than my other TS type pedals -LRB- Behringer TO800 , Joyo Vintage Overdrive , Deltalab TO-1 , TS808 and TS7 -RRB- . As I indicated , I have the tubescreamer sound well covered lol . I opted instead for the Dano Cool Cat transparent overdrive and I am very happy . If you do n't have a TS type overdrive and are thinking about dropping a bunch of cash on a TS808 , you may want to check this out first .
 Eggz are so inexpensive and sturdy that they make great giveaways for children . That 's how I discovered them - someone gave them to my kids as gifts . I brought one to church to play with the praise band one Sunday just for fun and I was hooked . The tone of these shakers really is better than others - not too bright , not too dark , and not too `` gravelly '' . The plastic shell is just the right thickness . You can adjust the tone by holding with two fingers -LRB- bright -RRB- , your whole hand -LRB- dark -RRB- , or something in between . The sharpness of the attack can be shaped with not only your technique , but point which way you point the instrument . My preferred method is to hold one pointing up in my hand and one pointing forward with my thumb and forefinger , but I have used them other ways , including as mallets on congas and drum kit for an interesting effect . Calling Eggz `` toys '' , `` party favors '' , `` fun '' and `` stocking stuffers '' does a grave injustice to an instrument that I find indispensable at church and pro gigs.I agree with another reviewer that they are too quiet . That was the reason I developed my `` two egg '' technique . Without a microphone , they can get lost in a percussion ensemble . At this price , two for each hand would help , but it would be nice if they had a knob that turned up to `` eleven '' .
 I 've had mine for sooo many years ! Can you believe the price ?? You ca n't bea it and it is so fun !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 My daughter loves music . Great item . Worth it . Perfect for little hands .
 I have a crate 15 watt amp with no reverb and the hot head distortion pedal makes some amazing sounds like solo , british modern , classic stack , and country blues . It makes my guitar playing sound so much better than the little gain knob on my amp !
 Let 's be clear on one thing from the start of this review - I am reviewing the DigiTech Hot Head Distortion as a `` budget '' distortion pedal - not as a boutique pedal , a primary distortion pedal , or even something you would use in a live gig . As an entry-level distortion pedal for $ 50 or less -LRB- mine was $ 20 used on eBay -RRB- , I give it 4 stars.The most obvious comparison for the Hot Head is the venerable Boss DS-1 Distortion . They share not only an orange metal casing , analog circuitry -LRB- according to DigiTech -RRB- , and an affordable price tag , but also a similar tone as an end product . On the DS-1 , that tone has been heavily criticized as being too `` thin '' , `` harsh '' , or `` fizzy '' sounding . While this is purely a matter of subjective preference , I did hear a lot of similarities in a side by side test with the Level and Gain set equally . The tone can get a bit muddy on the higher gain settings , and does n't emphasize individual notes compared to better distortion pedals . The plus side of that tone is that you get a pretty wide range of gain settings , from just barely distorted all the way to a super-saturated , `` grunge '' - like sound . Of course , the pedal produces a lot of excess noise if you turn up the gain , but that 's a typical problem for many distortion pedals -LRB- even some expensive ones -RRB- , and an annoyance many novice players are forced to live with.One other common complaint that the Hot Head shares with the DS-1 is a somewhat low output -LRB- volume -RRB- . Even with the level near 100 % , the DS-1 might not get as loud as you 'd like it to , and the Hot Head is not much louder.However , one important advantage the Hot Head has over the Boss DS-1 is the two-band equalizer , which allows you to add bass -LRB- or treble -RRB- without sacrificing the other . Assuming that many users of this pedal will plug it into smaller combo amps lacking in one of those two areas , this is a potentially BIG advantage . And much like the Hot Head 's tube overdrive `` cousin '' , the excellent DigiTech Bad Monkey , you really can fatten up your tone quite a bit with the bass control.The Boss DS-1 has been an industry classic since 1978 and is even used by some professional rock guitarists . But it also has an archaic tone knob that does little to tweak its sound , and a whole slew of other problems . Call me crazy , but if I had $ 50 and could only get one distortion pedal for small guitar amp , I think I might be better off with a DigiTech Hot Head . There may be other -LRB- and better -RRB- options at a similar price -LRB- check out the Joyo Ultimate Drive ! -RRB- , but the Hot Head is affordable , customizable , and ready to rock .
 Sent from the heaven of digitech pedals . This affordable baby is a weapon ... seriously , if i hit you on the head with this , you 're out cold . Not just that it sounds beautiful , distortion just ripping through the airwaves as soon as you feel that click.For the poor guitarists who will still use this when they 're successful pro 's , and remember how it walked with them through the tough times too.I 'm just a beginner so it 's good enough for me and my light and occasionally heavy music . I 'd advise you look through the other digitech distortion pedals in the same price range for more specific genre 's , this is in my opinion is an all rounder.Buy it !!!
 Before I bought This pedal I did alot of shopping around , and I finaly settled with this , and am I glad I did ! As soon as I turned this pedal on , it made my puny 10 watt amp sound like a full stack ! it sounds absolutely perfect for ac/dc type rock , I also found that it was wonderful for classic rock , hard rock , and maybe really light ozzy like metal -LRB- I recomend Crazy Train , PERFECT ! , solo sounds good too -RRB- I think anyone looking for this kind of music , this is perfect for you , but if you want heavy metal , dont go this way go death metal pedal . but before you buy , you really should shop around and find what suits you the best : -RRB-
 I 've been using this product for 3 + years and it works extremely well ! The tech support people do n't know how to talk to the regular customer and the manual has very little help but after going for advice the the PCDJ forum you can find out anything you need .
 Buy it , you wo n't regret it . This pedal is a smokin ' deal and built very sturdy from what appears to be cast metal . I run energizer 9Vs in it and they last a long time . This pedal crushes the competition in its price range , at least up to $ 100 pedals . The little Screamin ' Blues pedal adds a boatload of warmth to my solid state amp -LRB- Crate GFX-30 -RRB- and has quiet operation . Output -LRB- LEVEL -RRB- is generous , so can be used effectively as a boost pedal . The EQ is limited in options -LRB- LOW/HIGH -RRB- , but decent and quite sensitive . The GAIN on this little honey shames my Boss DS-1 and is much fuller and fatter with a tube like warmth to it . To me , the unit really shines at low to mid GAIN settings with it 's tube-like sound qualities . Check out Gearmandude on youtube for his testing and positive review of it -LRB- you know , the guy that sounds EXACTLY like Jack Black , has tons of pedals and expensive guitars , but `` is n't ' Jack , yeah whatever -RRB- .
 Been playing since the 70s and needed a pedal on a budget to replace a flaky TS-7 . Tried several , including OD-3 , BD-2 , SD-1 & DN-2 through several Fender tube amps -LRB- I use a PRRI -RRB- . This was the pedal I chose , and it gets used every gig .
 Outstanding product ... I love it ... does what it says it will do ... great service and arrived ahead of schedule .
 Excellent pedal for the money . Nice job by digitech once again . Fares well against more popular brands that are a littl pricier .
 great for low gain to high gain distortions . if you crank it up all the way you can get that Corrosion of Conformity 's American Volume Dealer blusey distortion . I love this thing it has that in your face smokey distortion . A must have !
 Great pedal . I love the blues tone I can get from it . That with its fair price makes it hard to compete with . I like to daisy chain it to an equalizer pedal for ultimate control.The pedal is high quality . It is metal and heavy ... . heavy metal if you will , not like that cheap plastic that a lot of pedals are being made out of now-a-days . You do n't have to be afraid about stomping on it in the heat of the moment and breaking it . The battery lasts fairly long and the battery life/on indicator light works well.I would recommend this product .
 I 'm using it to play my Les Paul through a Fender Bass amp . I have n't had alot of time to play with it yet , but at first try it did everything as advertised . Sturdy construction and it even came with an Energizer 9V installed . Batteries ARE included .
 This clip on mic is serving me well on my society band . I switch from tenor to alto to soprano sax at the drop of a hat and this mic is relatively easy to remove and re-attach quickly . Oh , and it sounds good too . If only I could get the sound man to turn me up more .
 Excellent product from Shure , top quality and performance !! Used as pickup for Cajun Accordion , performs great with NO feedback . We now have two of them in our band .
 the shure microphone arrived way before the deadline in a secure package . the microphone makes me sound better than I actually am , and that says a lot
 Since 2003 I 've replaced the WB98H/C mic twice . After a while the cord will short out , and it 's too small for me to have much luck fixing them , especially if the short is up in the gooseneck . So I just buy another one every 4 years or so . I do n't mind , because the sound quality is so good , the Shure ULX Pro system is so good , and it always `` just works '' even with very heavy use . My band has a lot of dance moves , and occasionally the transmitter pack will fall and hang from the cord , so no wonder I go through the mics more often than most people . So I 'm very happy with this.I like the sound better than any other sax mic I 've used . I used to use an AKG mic , and even had one special-wired for the Shure ULX system . After it shorted out I replaced it with the Shure 98 , and I 've never looked back . And do n't even compare it to the AudioTechnica instrument mic , because I hate how that one is EQ ` ed . The Shure mic has a very natural sound that fits with my warm tone . Thanks , Shure ! : -RRB-
 I 'm a pro sax player . I 've tried them ALL when it comes to mics . this one give the biggest and warmest sound . But , I just wish they were more durable . Like all of these type mics , the small wire and connectors are prone to damage and shorting . I 'm currently on my second one in 3 years .
 Shure is one of the oldest and best engineered line of microphones in the world . just watch any music presentation live , on television , or DVD and you are most likely going to see a Shure microphone.The unit I purchased thru Amazon allows this microphone to be used in reinforcing the sound of brass and woodwind instruments by clipping the mic to the bell of the instrument . It is well engineered to handle loud sound levels produced by some brass instrumentsIn testing the mic , I found that my expectations were met and then some . After all , it is a Shure mic.Buying thru Amazon allowed me to save over other on line retailers selling the same unit .
 This is an excelent microphone , sharp answer , excelent distance . . you wo n't be disappointed . It gave me freedom at playing in the show .
 This is mi 3th amplifier and let me tell you that this one rocks !! ... This amplifier is a lot cheaper than a QCS and let me tell you that it not only is half the price ! It 's the same power you are getting , I seriously recommend American audio VLP 1500 ... I was going to buy one QSC of the same power . . But hell no I am going to buy 2 more American Audios VLP 1500 !!! The best amplifier ever !!!
 Clean , Strong , and sturdy power . Have had more expensive power amps that do n't sound this good . You will not be disappointed . Pound for pound you 're ahead of the game with this baby .
 Another wiring project on an electric bike kit I was putting together . I own a different bike kit with this style connector . Knowing it would work I bought the item I 'm reviewing and completed another nice looking , great working project !! I would also like to note
 I am not quite sure where to start reviewing an instrument swab ? I have recently upgraded to a fine consort of Moeck Rottenburg recorders , and felt I needed to do something better with quality instruments than I have done with my older less expensive collection . Having this swab as well as the one from the other company that does the multi-color swabs , I can say that this swab is very well constructed , is the right size to pass through the bore of the instrument without binding , and the even colors make it more refined and professional looking than other swabs I have used . I also have n't broken or bent it yet , and none of my instruments have gotten moldy or cracked , so I have to say it must be doing its job . 5 stars .
 This swab is perfect for the tenor recorder except that it could use a longer handle . The price is right . Wo n't work for a bass and it certainly would be nice if it would , but it does work with the alto . Again , longer handle would make this excellent .
 This is by far the bast distortion pedal I 've ever owned . It 's better than pedals I 've owned/used that cost more than twice as much like the Boss MT-2 metal zone -LRB- which is still a great pedal , just overpriced -RRB- Produces a really wide range of tones - I can get a warm blues-like distortion w / the dials turned all the way down all the way to a ridiculous anthrax-like metal sound when I crank it all the way up.It should n't really be named `` Grunge '' - you can get almost any distortion sound by playing w / the levels.I can get the sickest distortion sound outta this thing - crunchy , raw and hard but still crystal clear . For playing stuff like Metallica , it 's perfect.It 's extremely durable , no cheap plastic housing ... I stomp on this thing everyday - HARD . The only negative I found was it absolutely loves batteries - it eats them up like candy . It 'll eat a whole brand-new battery overnight if you leave the input cable plugged in . I bought a danelectro a/c adapter for 9 bucks and that took care of that problem.You can not go wrong w / this pedal - especially for 40 bucks , it 's worth twice that amount . I dont really know why they decided to give this thing away , but its all good by me .
 I would like to counter `` D.C. gibsonplayer '' 's review by saying that this is perfect for a beginner and even a professional . It 's no Zakk Wylde or Professional Heavy Metal pedal , but It 's still good . It 's better at least than the cheap distortion pedals you can find for $ 15 at Target.It 's got excellent effects and I find myself creating guitar effects -LRB- that replicate Tom Morello of Rage Against the Machine 's playing -RRB- more than playing actual songs . You just have to mess around with it and keep using different combinations with the 4 control knobs to create great effects.Also , one should be aware that feedback obtained by this pedal can be very loud and can hurt your ears if you put the `` Level/Loud knob '' on full blast while your guitar and guitar amp volume are high.BUY THIS !!!
 This has always been one of my favorite Distortions . It doesnt have the crispness of some other pedals , but if you just want a thick , ballsy distortion , you could do much worse . I have mixed it with other distortions in the past to great effect . The best it ever sounded was combined with an old Tubeworks Guitar Half Stack . Together , it was the heaviest sound i had ever encountered.Of course , your playing style will dictate whether you really like this or any other pedals , but for me , for the money , this is top notch .
 I had been playing guitar for about two years when I realized that my dinky amp did n't quite give the power that I wanted . A friend suggested that I buy a distortion pedal - as they had found themselves in the same situation and found the perfect solution . So , I looked around for a long time , and finally decided on this . Boy did I make a good choice.First of all it 's cheap . Second , you can get some SWEET sounds out of this . You can get some soft , snarly sounds with the dials cranked down , but when you need a boost , just turn it up and it will throw out some INSANE sounds . Third , the product itself is good quality ; it 's heavy , durable , and does n't slide around . This will definitely hold up to the expected abuse.This pedal really is amazing . I am extremely pleased with what I got , and would recommend it 100 % to anybody who wants to give their guitar a boost .
 First , let me preface by saying that I use this pedal in a noise rock band , your results may differ.The best way to describe this pedals tone is to tell you to listen to the solo to Heart shaped box , by Nirvana.That 's the closest audio approximation I know of . Not for everyone , but definitely for me !
 My favorite pedal ... Need I say moreGreat metal sound . Also serves to mask a bunch of my poor transitions ... Highly recommend it .
 The GRUNGE is strictly for those -- you know who you are -- who want ultra-high-gain distortion . It delivers that extremely well , and it 's a fun pedal . A few points
 I bought this for my grandson and he seems to be pleased . I suppose that means i 'm pleased with the purchase
 This distortion pedal Is my favorite . I have 6 other distortion pedals and none of them hold a candle to this one . I play punk , industrial , and metal and it sounds amazing . It records like a dream and the price is right . I am seriously in love with this pedal . If you play heavy rock or metal get this pedal !
 I 'm no expert in musical acessories , but the service was fast and cheap . The product I received sounds great and and came ready to use . I think it 's pretty versatile with all the settings ranges . A welcome piece to any rocker 's arsenal . Great sound !!!
 Okay , so I am in a metal band . We decided that the reverb and distortion coming from my vox amp was good , but not enough ... so i searched for a pedal , and found this . IT IS INSANE !!! I was so thrilled with the amazing crunch texture it gave that i was playing for hours nonstop . It is a worthwhile purchase . Especially if you are unfarmiliar with distortion pedals . I may warn you though , it requiers a 9v charger that it does not arrive with . this only costs about $ 15 and can be bought at your local electronics store though . All in all , it was a great buy . Rock on !
 i LIKES it , it sounds nice for that hard edge grunge sound , nice distortion , and the box is heavy like a brick , and you can stomp the ish out of it with no worries . BUY IT -LRB- with an ac adapter ! -RRB-
 Before I got this pedal I used a Boss DS-1 distortion . I listen to and play in a metal band -LRB- I play drums mainly but I also play a little guitar on the side -RRB- . Needless to say I like the distortion to sound very full and the Boss pedal did not deliver . Even with the distortion level turned all the way up it still sounded really weak . That is not the case with the Grunge pedal . You can make this thing sound light and blusey or super heavy and crunchy . So if you 're like me and like your distortion meaty or like it a little bit lighter or anything in between , you can not go wrong with this pedal . Buy this !!
 This is a nice pedal , not the best pedal I have ever seen/heard but I am very happy with it .
 This pedal does exactly what i was hoping it would do , gave me some amazing distortion . It takes a second to figure out how to get the different sounds out of it because you cant just simply crank the grunge knob to do so . Mess with the low and high controls along with the grune and use your guitars pickups switch and you can make just about any type of distortion you could need . It should n't be named a grunge pedal though because it isnt limited to grunge distortion
 Playing with this box is a lot of fun . There are many fine grunge boxes but you get your money 's worth with this one .
 This thing has 2 levels of distortion
 SUPER distortion pedal for the price!Looked at the other pedals from BOSS and other manufacturers ? You ca n't beat DOD/DIGITECH pedal effects for the price !! This pedal has great tonality , low noise & excellent adjustability ! The pots -LRB- knobs -RRB- do n't wobble -LRB- like some other brands -RRB- , Heavy duty die-cast case.If only somebody built guitar amplifiers that were durable AND sounded this good for an economy price . This is your biggest `` BANG FOR THE BUCK '' distortion pedal out there !
 Shopped locally but could not find a good quality set of bongos . Order the LP 's and they are an incredible sounding piece of equipment . Extremely happy with their performance .
 This system is an EXCELLENT value for the money . It is very powerful and so easy to move around using the Yamaha carrying cases . Awesome options and very well built system . The sound quality is top notch !
 We use this for a small church worship team and sermon . It is fantastic and allows for use by vocalists and instrumentalists . Each input has separately controlled volume so you can bring out some sounds will taming ones that are too loud . It puts out fantastic , true sound and projects really well . It is a bit heavy to carry , but we got the wheeled cases to cart them around . We rent space for our church , so we carry them back and forth each Sunday . If they are left in place all the time , this is not a problem.Some inputs allow you to put 2 instruments in at a time , but then those two instruments share a volume control . At least the option is there so you can have more inputs . Each line in has a high control and a low/bass control , so it is not too technical , as well as the volume . There are four lines that have an option for mics , and reverb . It is more than I could ever want for our small church . We even use it to place music from an iPod or portable radio . We held a youth dance and used the iPods to play music all night . It is superb for the price.If you want a really high tech option , you will not be happy with this . If you want a good system with quality and performance , this is it!We bought Shure mics with this and they are great . You can use either three prong ended mics or the regular RCA jack mics . Very versatile .
 I 've owned the Yamaha Stagepas 500 system for almost 2 years and find it to be perfect for my application . I use it in a large hall where music and instructional voice are mixed for a dance class . The directional feature works well when one wishes to pinpoint where the sound should be . You can stand behind the speaker and carry on a conversation while music is playing which is unlike many other systems . Other systems flood the hall making music and vocal instructions muddy . However the 500 is loud enough to fill a reasonable size hall for open dance -LRB- often louder than I might wish -RRB- . Too many bands crank up the volume so you an feel the music , often distorted . Though the 500 is limited as far as adjusting the highs and lows , it is adequate for most applications with the flexibility of adding a set of powered speakers or sub-bass . I 've had several DJs comment on the system , surprised that it puts out volume and clarity at such a reasonable cost .
 The mixer/amp is very accessible as it comes out of the back of the mixer . It 's only there for ease of transport.I 've owned this system for close to 2 years now and I 've found that while the overall output is somewhat limited , it actually is quite impressive on the low end . I have added another powered amp to the system -LRB- on monitor out -RRB- on occasion , but for the most part , this system can really handle suprisingly large venues .
 Since purchasing my Yamaha 500 Portable PA system , I have had the opportunity to use it for performances 8 times and found it to work great and saves my back , replacing speakers , mixer board and an amplifier that weigh more then 3 times the weight of these speakers and amplifier combined . The sound is great and fills the rooms I 've played to this date . My last show was a large hall and it filled the room and even left me with more head room , if I needed it . It 's built in reverb , EQ and compression system allows me to set up fast , not having to wire in all of my external components giving me the same great sound . I purchased this at a $ 300.00 discount as a refurbished unit and have had no problems at all . The unit came to me with no scratches or dents with a normal shipping time .
 Nice and compact . Folds up nice so portability factor comes in handy . it does tilt unevenly if you have havier material such as a music binder or say a book such as the Arbans trumpet study on it . Otherwise , works well .
 I bought this so I could read my book or watch my tablet while riding my bike on the trainer . This is not the strongest or most stable music stand I 've ever seen but it works , and for $ 15 what can you expect ? I also have it fulled extended so if it were lower I 'm sure it would be much more stable . If you just need something quick and easy that works , this is it . If you need something super stable that does n't wobble at all , you 're going to need to spend more .
 I like this ... just hard to put fold up and down . It is getting easier with a little more use , but not a quick set up by any means . Great shipping , fast and good value for the money .
 Holds the music in place and does just what I wanted . This product is good for any musician or beginner .
 It was a little more flimsy than I was expecting but it was inexpensive . It does what I expected it to do ; hold sheet music and small music books .
 This product is better than I had expected , at this price . Although the vertical pole is cheaply constructed , it suffices . And the stand seems much more configurable -LRB- angle , height , etc. -RRB- than the stands I used 20 years ago when I was first getting started as a musician . I am very glad I bought this product .
 I 'm overall pleased with this stand . Yes it is a little unstable but very good considering how well it expands and collapses . I also like the amount of clips on it to hold down music , very handy . Bottom line if you want something to put five pound books and knock around alot this is n't for you . If you want somethings quick , portable , and can hold a book or so at a time then this is your best bet !
 When I bought this music stand , I was looking for something I could take along , very compact , easy to put together and easily back in the case when finished . It does all of that , but to my surprise , it is also very sturdy and stable , and very well made . It is inexpensive , but do n't let that throw off , this is a very good music stand .
 I needed to find a portable music stand that my daughter would be able to take to her violin lessons . For the portability and the price , theSignature Music Two Section Folding Music Stand with Carry Bagca n't be beat . Like many others have mentioned , the quality of the materials is not the best and the stand will only extend to 44 inches . However , it is very lightweight and easy to take apart and put into the included carrying case . The carrying case comes with an over the shoulder strap for easy transportation . I did not want to spend a lot on something that will not be stationery in our home , so this was the perfect buy for me . If you are looking for something more sturdy , durable and long-lasting , look at other options .
 The Signature Music Two Section Folding Music Stand with Carry Bag 7121 is a decent , easy to set up inexpensive product . Ca n't see why the average home/light user would need to spend more for a music stand . Carry bag is of decent quality too .
 I have used the classic lightweight music stands for many years , and they invariably wear out after a year or two . The sliding joint that adjusts height starts slipping and the little hook that holds the legs open starts to fail . I am so glad that I finally bought this stand instead . It is just as compact , the knurled knobs that control height , leg opening and angle of book holder are so much more adjustable and dependable . The book holder is larger and less flimsy . My only complaint is that the lip on the book holder is not very deep , so larger notebooks or books may tend to slide off . Of course , if you are using a large book , you should probably be looking for a more substantial stand in the first place !
 I bought this as a gift for my daughter and she liked it , so it 's great .
 It 's convenient and I used it a lot . I have had no problem so far . I like the case for the music stand . Thank you .
 Item is as described . Works well and my daughter loves it . Good purchase . I would recommend it to any purchaser .
 Bought this for my 10-year old daughter who takes violin lessons at home , as well as practices daily . She loves it !
 This little stand is perfect for my son to practice his violin . The case is a bonus , he loves it .
 Bought this for my daughter , works well , no complaints . Has adjustable height , and holds her music book easily . It is a snug fit in the storage bag , but it fits .
 Great little stand , came quickly , is perfect for my 9 year old for violin practice ! great adjustable height and wide stand for books and music .
 This music stand is a good deal for the price ; it holds sheet music as well as a binder of music securely . It adjusts in height to accommodate standing and sitting , and also the angle can be adjusted which is helpful . It folds easily and the storage bag is a nice extra .
 First stand I ever bought , so nothing to compare , but the stand is compact , easy to setup , and fits into carrying bag easy . It will hold a book or sheet securely , without the tendency to tip over , and it does n't cost much . Definitely recommend the product .
 Wow its so light and portable . And its easier than laying the notes on the table for sure.Super quick shipper . Thanks again
 I bought this stand for my son , who is in the States at university . We own a stand -LRB- in Canada -RRB- but he could n't fit it into his luggage . I ordered this stand with the free shipping option , and was delighted when it arrived quickly . I have n't seen it , but he reported that it was perfect . It 's sturdy , it 's collapsible and it has a small case . He is able to store it out of sight in his small dorm room and then carry it to the practice room when he needs it .
 I bought this compact portable stand for my elementary school aged daughter who is learning to play the flute . The stand works great and is easy to set up even for an 11 year old . It 's not the heaviest stand so I would n't recommend it for big or heavy books , but for sheet music and magazine sized books it works well . It has come in very handy when I want to send her to another room to practice so the rest of the family does n't have to endure the torture ! Do n't get me wrong , I 'm excited she is interested in music , just grateful she did n't want to play the drums !
 I travel a lot in a motorhome , so I needed a music stand that was portable and also sturdy enough to fit my needs.This music stand does exactly that . its light weight and compact and even comes with a nice travel bag.It also has wire page keepers that are great for outside use . Over all a great music stand and at a bargain price .
 As a newbie violin student I needed a music stand . Having purchased many things before through Amazon.com , I have learned to trust the customer reviews which get posted -LRB- remembering that there will always be a few cranks -RRB- . This music stand got good reviews and I can say that I too am very happy with it . I would recommend this purchase to any one .
 I sing and I needed a Music Stand I can use standing up . Other inexpensive ones only go up to about 4 feet , this ones the tallest so far . It 's the only one that 's worked for my singing.I like that it 's lightweight , it 's easy to move around , easy to adjust . It 's easier to tip over than the heavy duty ones but if it does , it does n't make a big crash . It 's easy on the budget , the bag is a great inclusion , I 'll get this music stand again .
 It 's cheap and of good quality . You can bend and store it easily and the greatest thing is that it comes with a bag !
 I almost did not order this item due to some of the negative reviews . I received it today . I 'm picky ! And I have to say , I find this to be a sturdy , quality music stand !! The adjustments are fantastic -LRB- !! -RRB- from height to angle to the ability to securely hold single sheets of music or a thick book for guitar practice . Highly recommend !
 This is a great music stand . When I ordered I was afraid it was one of those designs where the top basically slides over the pole . But I was pleasantly surprised to see that is not the case this is directly attached to the pole and you can adjust the angle for your best view.Yes , the clamps are made of plastic and I am looking forward to see how these will hold up . But over all a great buy .
 Perfect portable music stand . Fits compactly into a wonderful carrying case and is easy and quick to assemble .
 I was looking music stand that can hold light note book and keep the pages not folding too easily . This music stand has good mechanism to keep your book open.You can adjust hight quite easily . And the black color was cool.If you need to adjust hight frequently the mechanism may get loose due to the way it has been designed . But so far -LRB- after week of usage -RRB- we have not seen that happening .
 I searched all over Amazon for a music stand that was as close to the one I had before it broke . I found this one and it matches in both quality and price ! Im happy with my purchase = -RRB-
 a little wobbley but stays put and dosent move by itself ; holds my drum textbooks and my metronome with no problem ; I was a little leary bcse someone else said it leaned to one side , but you can adjust that it looks flimsy , but works good .
 Well made , easy to use , sturdy . The 2 parts stay together , making it easy to not lose one or the other , which is what happened to my old stand.The case makes it a snap to carry with all the music and instruments .
 It 's very nice and great price I recomend to everybody to buy this item.I would buy this every time than i need it
 Of course , this stand is not nearly as solid feeling as my much-heavier , solid-metal music stand I use at home . It does twist around a bit when you handle it . On the other hand , it 's much lighter , collapsible , and it goes inside my practice bag instead of being a piece of furniture that takes another hand to lug . For my practices and rehearsals I want to travel light . This stand fits that bill , and its desk angle is adjustable so it works well for large fake books and for a single lead sheet . I had two pieces of thin plexiglass cut at my local hardware store to sandwich separate sheets of music so I have no problems with wind or with three-sheet-wide scores . I 've never had a sturdiness problem with this stand , and I 've never had it tip over , but I am careful not to tighten the knobs more than necessary , and I set the legs to their sturdiest position . I always play sitting , so height is not a consideration for me . But I have measured it and found that at its highest elevation the bottom of the sheet music is 50 '' off the floor . That 's plenty high for me even if I were a vocalist , and I 'm 6 ' 1 '' . Sure , it does not impress as would an $ 80 - $ 100 , stand but the quality is almost unbelievable for $ 13 . I notice that some of the negative reviews are two or three years old , and I wonder if this stand was the same design then that it is now . It IS a lightweight stand and I take care with the knobs , but I certainly would not call it flimsy.One discrepancy that might be important to you
 My son uses this stand for his school practice . He has a soft-cover music book and this stand has little tabs that hold the pages open . It has a really nice black vinyl carrrying pouch , with handle , which makes it very convenient to transport . The package was received quickly and in perfect condition .
 Lightweight , tiny when folded , yet sturdy enough to hold several music books . Comes with a handy carrying case . All at a great price !
 this item is so easy to carry and very helpful . I enjoy using it for all my music sheets , specially I do n't have to put my music sheets on the bed or on the table anymore when I practice .
 The stand is in black color , and it comes with a case . The build quality is good . You wo n't be disappointed .
 This is a great stand and can be set to various heights . i am able to attach a light for both day and night playing . And it is reasonably priced .
 I got this for my 12 year old daughter who plays the flute in the school concert band . This was easy for her to set up and pack up . She had no trouble with it and seemed to stand up to her constant assembling and dismantling of the stand to take with her to her practice and concerts . My only disappointment with it is that after a month fof purchasing the stand , Amazon has it for $ 5 less than what I had paid .
 Much nicer then the standard folding stand . The flat black finish looks slick . As far as the stand leaning , as others have said , just position the two knobs used for height adjustment to face each other -LRB- not on the same side as in the picture above -RRB- , and it will not lean . The angle of the stand is also adjustable .
 Using this stand for a very different purpose ... knitting ! And , it 's worked out perfectly . I love to knit -LRB- sometimes un-knit -RRB- while watching TV . This stand is perfect for my patterns . The height and desk are adjustable and with metal construction I can use two magnets and a strip of paper to mark the row I 'm working on in my pattern . I love it ! Plan to fold it up and take it with me to my next knit group or guild meeting .
 Great stand which can be adjusted for standing or sitting use . What I really love is the little page holders and page extension `` wings '' for when you use horizontal format music books , like the Mel Bay guitar book my son is using . Sturdy construction that should last .
 not the sturdiest thing in the world . But it can handle my 300 + page bass tab book , which is good enough for me .
 Signature Music Two Section Folding Music Stand with Carry Bag 7121After realizing that I was unable to find my old music stand that I had for many years , I wanted to replace it with one similar to my old stand . I wanted it to be easy to put together and have the side `` arms '' to hold the pages of sheet music/books down . The `` Signature Music Two Section Folding Music Stand with Carry Bag '' is a great music stand - it is almost identical to my first stand I owned . It is easy to assemble or disassemble , very sturdy and the ledge for placing the music is deep enough for all my books , plus it has the side arms I needed to hold the pages down.The price is great , many other stands sell for $ 50 or more , this was under $ 15.00 . Not only is the stand a great buy , you also get a very durable carrying case to store the music stand or for carrying it to and from practices , etc. . I am very pleased with this product and would highly recommend it .
 1 `` Signature Music 7121 Two Section Folding Music Stand with Carrying Bag `` Very nice stand and very handy . Great service/fast shipping . Exactly what I was searching for ! Thanks so much
 We bought this for our 9 year old son for guitar lessons . I wanted something sturdy and convenient to put away when we are done . I love it . My son already can adjust it to fit his height and it is very sturdy . Great buy , especially for the price .
 It 's very stiff starting out , and some of the joints removed enamel around them . The stand does what it needs to do though , which is hold music books open at the right height , take up very little space , and be portable . It does n't seem like it would stand up to people leaning on it or a lot of abuse . It was a good price and does what I need , so I would definitely recommend this stand to others .
 I bought this to replace a folding stand that was just not strong enough to hold up under the weight of some of my guitar books . This stand works great for me , and hold even the largest of my music and tab books.The construction is much better than other portable stands I 've used in the past , and has two great features that I really appreciate . One is it 's height adjustable , and two is the tilting head . The tilting head is a real bonous on a portable stnad , and this one works great.For the price this stand is a great buy that I would recommend to anyone , but being primarily a guitarist this stand is execptional . With the page holders tilting head and height adjustability this is one of the best stand purchases a guitarist can make .
 I have bought many folding stands in my day and this one is by far the most superior ! It is sturdy and increadably adjustable , it is a must have for all musicians .
 It 's light , has nice rubber tips on the feet , has leg braces , folds up into a nice small package , has a carry bag , and easily adjusts to use either standing or sitting , with TWO height adjusters so you can make it really low , or extra high . It has the traditional `` wind wires '' on the tray , but more importantly has `` wings '' on each upper corner that can be used to support extra size pages , or pulled around to be retaining clips . I 've owned two other folding music stands and neither was even close to this one in either functionality or quality of construction .
 This fold up stand is great for my 10 year old son who 's just starting to read music . It folds up easily and even has a carry bag for storage .
 It is very practic and easy to used . It was received very quick and the only thing it was n't packed pretty good .
 This inexpensive portable music stand fits my requirements perfectly . It 's MUCH sturdier than the old style two piece silver ones . Here are the features I love . * The angle of the music holder adjusts to any angle . * It folds down small . * I love the color -LRB- black -RRB- , which fits in with all my other gear . * I received it very quickly . * I use it every day ... bringing it to rehearsals or at home in the practice room . * It 's ONE PIECE ... so if you are carrying without the bag , you are not dropping one piece or the other.My only complaint is the handle on the bag . It 's too small to use around your arm or shoulder , but too big to use as a proper handle in the hand . It is not really centered or balanced for easy carrying . If you improve that you 'll get SIX stars from me !
 Bought the 7121 about 8 weeks ago . My 8 year old has been using it from the first day . The bag looked a little beat-up , so took pictures just in case . However , the stand was clean and usable . It can hold her violin book with out any problems . Like the height adjustment and especially the 2 little page-holders . She uses it almost everyday and it survived the ~ 2 months with no issues . She takes it around the house -LRB- not to class -RRB- , it is light weight and it has handled a slight bit of abuse.Great value for the money !
 This Hisonic Stand is EXCELLENT . It is completely collapsible and sturdy and light . It fully extends to a height that is comfortably playable while standing up -LRB- provided you are not freakishly tall -RRB- . It 's easy to use and it even comes with a handy carrying bag . I really like it and I get a lot of use out of it . It 's a quality item that will last for years if it is not abused .
 This music stand is good , and strong enough for large books of music with plenty of supports . It has place holders to keep the music open , especially good outside . It folds easily , after you learn the tricks , into a small size which fits in the case . Fold the cross piece in the middle down as you fold the bottoms up at the sides , then the two `` rabbit ears '' should be straight up and then fold them down on the sides . I am glad I bought this stand and it already traveled with me . It fits easily into a suitcase . Not heavy . Black finish .
 The product is easy to set up and collapse as necessary . It is easy to adjust the height for standing or seated playing . The book tray tilts to the user 's preference . It comes with it 's own carrying case.It provides adequate support for multiple thin to medium-sized playing books or pages of sheet music . It could hold a single heavier book . All in all it is excellent for the price and delivers exactly what was described in the product description . -LRB- I do wish that it would convert to a table top stand , but that is just my own personal wish -- and the product does not describe itself as delivering that feature . -RRB-
 This stand is great . I was looking for something inexpensive but at the same time holds up to having a couple of music books . It was easy to set up and does n't feel flimsy . It has some other cool features too , like a page holder and some extenders to hold up bigger books or music sheets .
 I just received this from Amazon Prime . I was able to set it up very quickly.This stand has a matte black finish and knobs to adjust the height and the angle of the music holder . There are two small rods with springs at the bottom of the music holder . One spring was slightly stretched out , but seems to work okay.At the top there is a moveable bar on each side to secure the music as well.There were a few scraped areas on the music holder which I touched up with black marker . In addition , the carrying bag had a small tear that I had to repair with a piece of tape - the tear most likely came from one of the small springy rods.It would not be worth it to go through the effort to send this back with the expectation of getting a `` perfect '' music stand . I also took a manilla folder and folded it on each side to fit the stand so that it gives me a sturdier place to put individual sheets of music . As far as I can see , it compares favorably with other collapsible , silver-tone music stands in that it seems to be somewhat sturdier with more options for angle and height and it has a more `` concert-like '' appearance in the matte black finish . It would be better if the bottom `` lip '' of the music holder was a little wider - it 's about one inch , so this would n't be a great stand for a heavy folder , binder or book of music . I plan to use it for lyric sheets , but it would work well for sheet music as well .
 5 ' 9 '' it 's a decent height if I put it almost as high as it can go . -LRB- If I go to the max height it will be unsteady and useless -RRB- . The head portion is bigger than most usual stands in terms of it being more of a rectangle than the usual folding music stand so the music sheets on it stay steadier . Also the page `` clips '' have a spring on them as well as a pivot to make them more maneuverable.Generally if you need a cheap music stand that does the job and are about my height or shorter then go for it . I think that past 5 ' !! '' it would n't make sense unless you 're planning to be in the seated position perpetually .
 I loved it . The best part about this stand is that it can be customized at various levels . At Height Level , At inclination Level and also at the base level . I also liked the fact that you can even fold the `` actual '' book playform too.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for everyone .
 Very nice , sturdy music stand with matte black finish . Easily adjustable and holds pages in place . Can be used in a low position for my 7-year-old who plays the harp . Carrying case is a nice bonus . Received it the day after I ordered , faster than promised . Highly recommend this stand .
 This is a great music stand for what we were looking for . We love how it is extremely adjustable so you can fit it pretty much anywhere . The feet are also adjustable which makes it nice so you can make them narrower so you do n't bump into them . We also use it while studying to put a book up on and with the adjustable height you can make it the level you want . Is very sturdy and durable for a great price .
 Surprisingly this stand did arrive undamaged even though it was not in a box . The stand is well made and sturdy . No quality has been lost due to making this stand portable . The bag is an unreinforced plastic bag , so I am not expecting it to last long . Rating as a stand , it is a good stand . Heavy use starts next week .
 The Hisonic Signature Series 7121 Two Section Folding Music Stand with Carrying Bag was a great buy for a beginner musician . My daughter loves it , now she can be a little more organized in her room . Great Buy !!!!
 Very good quality . Ended up buying 2 of them . This stand is perfect for guitar players
 This is the second stand I had purchased . The first one was for me and the second for my son who is now taking lessons on guitar . It is light weight , easy to set up and take down . Liked the wide area for sheet music . Very inexpensive . One of the gismo that holds the sheet music keeps falling off on mine . Not a problem as I use a plastic clothes pin . I had noticed on my son 's stand the gizmo is different and improved . Must have made changes in the design . This is an inexpensive stand and well done for the money . Obviously it needs care in handling , ca n't bang it around . I would certainly recommend this . I 've had my stand for a couple of years .
 We received this item within a few days of ordering it . I could n't believe how fast we got it . My son was so excited to use it . He feels like a professional musician !
 I had an older Chrometta 8 which I played off and on for at least 20 years , also playing other harps in the meantime . I misplaced the old Chrometta 8 and just got a new one . It 's more portable and comfortable than my other chromatics , more versatile than my diatonics . It looks so far like it might turn out to be as durable as my old Chrometta 8 . I like the size and shape . I 've played it a lot in the car , playing snippets of classical melodies and show tunes . . The limitations are , of course , the number of holes . That 's not a serious limitation for someone starting out . Tone and volume and playability are comparable to any other `` inexpensive '' chromatic . Some reeds take a little more pressure than others , which is what I would expect . Admittedly I have not tried out any of the thousand-dollar-range chromatics . I have played larger chromatics and more expensive chromatics though , and for the price , I choose this one .
 This is simply another typical DW product ; well built , solid , and worth every penny . The hight is perfect for me -LRB- 5 ' 8 '' , 29 '' inseam -RRB- -- I actually ride it nearly all the way down as I play with my thighs parallel to the floor . The seat is wide enough for me , but I 'm of medium build -- if you 're a larger person you might want the 14 '' seat .
 It 's a cool gadget . It is not a substitute of keyboard and I was afraid to try when seeing other reviews.Anyway , I 'm giving my nephew this when he gets bigger !
 I 've had this throne for 8 weeks and am quite pleased . It is solidly built , sturdy in use , easy to adjust , infinitely adjustable , comfortable , and good looking.I have not had occasion to beat it up with a lot of moving/gigging , but think that the nice build construction would hold up well.For around $ 100 , it seems to be a good buy . I did not find cheaper thrones that did not sacrifice significant areas of quality , nor did I find more expensive thrones that added features that seemed to matter to me.I bought my unit direct from Amazon without trying one out before , and can say that I 've been entirely pleased from the moment it showed up.If you need a solid , comfy throne and $ 100 fits your budget , I ca n't see going wrong with this one . -LRB- Do , however , note the minimum height on this as well as other thrones ; if you are under 5 ' 6 or want something low , this one may be too high . -RRB-
 Hi , My Husband was totally surprised , thank you and it was an awesome gift.I am very surprised it was exactly as described and it met all of our expectations.have a happy new year!hopefully I will keep finding more offers for drummers : -RRB-
 Extremely sturdy throne . Screw adjustable height . Comfortable but firm cushion . I bought mine from Guitar Center for $ 82.00 so be sure to shop around .
 This is a great sounding cowbell !! I used this cowbell in my classes to help demonstrate MI theory . Students -LRB- college -RRB- love it !
 This product arrived quickly . It was exactly what I wanted , I 'm extremely pleased . It was packaged well , and was in perfect shape when it got here .
 I got this beauty a year ago for $ 63 -LRB- prime -RRB- . A person could run it over with a truck and hurt the truck . Will never have to buy another ... add it to your cart and see if price comes down a bit .
 I love it , but make sure to put the screws that come with it to attach the base plate .
 I literally squealed when this washboard was delivered . It is just what I have been looking for -- forever ! Wish it were listed in the laundry section of Amazon rather than under musical instruments . The only reason I found it was because I was bored one day and was tooling around the Amazon site . Last year I ordered an imported product , sans washboard , from Amazon that was touted as a `` well made washboard . '' It turned out to be another piece of imported junk , this time from Mexico . Tried to fix it but ended up giving it away to a crafter who covered it with fake flowers.My Columbus board is made in the United States ! Well made , too . Why this company was not profiled on the national news program listing `` Made in the US '' companies is a mystery.Yes , I will be using my Columbia washboard to wash clothes . And , if the mood strikes , I may strum -LRB- I think that is the word to use -RRB- a song just because I could . Thank you Columbia and Amazon !
 This works very well for smaller items but is not quite big enough for larger ones . I use it a lot though and it seems to work good for socks , and t-shirts . It is nice having the delicate side that is n't as abrasive .
 Though I bought this washboard from my local hardware store - it is the exact same model - with the identical graphics . I am using mine for music , and it is ideal for the purpose , as it has a well made frame which will easily withstand drilling holes to attach various sound makers to . And each side has a different metal surface - for different sounds ! Well yeah - and washing different types of clothing - should you be looking to do that ! Good product , I definitely recommend it .
 We use this for diapers , underwear and socks and it works just perfect for this ! It 's great quality and extremely durable . We use it almost every day .
 My mother lives in a small apartment and does some of her small clothes in the sink . This was just what she wanted and you made her very happy . She will be 100 in july so she remembered using a larger one back in those days . I would do business with this company again .
 I 'm so happy to finally have found the size washboard I needed . I wanted a rather small washboard that would fit in my bathroom sink . I live in an apartment and in order to do a wash one must lug their basket of dirty clothes to the laundry room , plus pay $ 1.15 to wash . But now with my new washboard I can do laundry less often because I can do many items in my lavatory , getting them scrubbed clean using my washboard . It is ideal for ladies nylons , anklets , types of underclothing , ring-around-the-collar and overall washing of -LRB- ladies sized -RRB- camp shirts , and other smaller clothing/items . For towels , washcloths , sheets , large items , they go in the laundry room washers . This washboard is well made , and one side is for scrubbing substanially sturdier cloth items ; the other side for more delicate items . It works so well . I Have NO regrets about purchasing it .
 This is a wonderful product . It came a day ahead of time . Used it the same day in the bathroom sink with a bar of Ivory soap and it was able to remove blood from a piece of clothing with less than 5 minutes of scrubbing . I even have arthritis . Ca n't wait to get the bigger washtub size wasbboard to use when on vacation .
 I am very happy with my washboard because has the perfect size and smud surface , the finish is very well done .
 This has come in very handie for hand washable , , socks and undies etc. . I would recomend it . . works great and easy to use
 Nice size to use in my preK class , the wood was a little splintered and rough in some places but I had my husband sand it a bit so my kiddos do n't get splinters .
 Once my husband and I realized just how many of our daughter 's shirts were being ruined from constant spit-up , we decided to try the old fashioned way of cleaning in between our designated laundry days . We rely on laundry mats as we do not own our own washer and dryer , so this was an acceptable temporary means of cleaning infant bibs and clothes after messy meals . I would not however recommend trying to use for adult clothes , it is much to small .
 I 'm a newbie , have never even held a guitar , so you 'll have to take my review with a grain of salt . I wanted a guitar to get familiar with before deciding about lessons and this fits the bill . I unpacked it and it 's ready to play out of the box . Hooked it up to Garage Band on my Mac computer and I was playing and recording within 10 minutes , not that I 'm playing anything recognizable yet . This guitar is full sized and really looks gorgeous . The red color is really classic looking . The previous review is indeed correct . Both the gig bag and the guitar cable need immediate replacing -LRB- they 're both thin -RRB- and also the strap is pretty cheap . However , it 's a great package with extra strings , picks , a lesson dvd . I ca n't wait to get more experienced on it and could imagine tricking this core guitar out as I get more experienced . Recommended for newbies , beyond that I ca n't say .
 I bought this guitar package for my nephew and it 's great . I have been playing for 15 years and find myself playing it ... and liking it ! Solid construction , decent sounding amp , great for beginners or seasoned veterans . We bought a Gibson version prior to this , which was more expensive and the frets were not installed well so that your fingers bled from the frets sticking out of the bottom . Not the case here . This is the Real Deal .
 I picked up one of these at a garage sale for $ 20 . I replaced a broken pickup selector switch -LRB- $ 13.00 -RRB- , installed a new set of strings , adjusted the action , intonation , and pickups . It rocks ! I 'd buy a brand new one at this price in a heartbeat.These are made by Samick , who purchased the Silvertone name to directly sell their guitars in America instead of just building guitars for other manufacturers . The Epiphone SG Custom was manufactured by Samick for Epiphone/Gibson for a while . I saw one with exactly the same inspection sticker as my yard-sale Silvertone!My unit is fairly beat up , but some touch up with a black Sharpie prettied it up quite a bit . I suspect that the switch was broken when the guitar did a face plant at some point . Buy a guitar stand if you order one of these . Despite all of this , the neck on mine was dead-straight after a slight adjustment of the truss rod.I love mine . I 'll bet you like yours once you get it set up correctly . I 'm eyeing that SSLA-30 Blues Master -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/Silvertone-Master-Electric-Guitar-Transparent/dp/B000189YBW -RRB- as my next electric guitar.I 'm sold on Silvertone guitars .
 The guitar was purchased for my son , I was impressed with the quality of the guitar . The amp has both a clean and overdrive so it functions well ... I would recommend getting another gig bag and cord .
 This guitar set was bought for my son . I 'm impressed with the quality of the item . I 'm not a musician but friends who play and have seen it think is pretty good for a beginner . Decent sounding amplifier . I would recommend you to get headphones !!! And get a different gig bag -LRB- very poor the one included -RRB- and cord .
 This SG-style guitar and starter pack is a great deal . Perfect for anyone who wants a sweet guitar , but ca n't afford Gibson . Comes with all of the things you need to hit the ground rocking .
 The sound is about average from comparably priced strings , but the red looks pretty neat , stays on with no problem so far .
 These sound great ! Not at first but my guitar pickups needed adjustment anyways . Once I solved that problem I notice high highs and low lows .
 How can you not love red strings ? My son puts these on his red guitar and it 's a great look.Be aware that the coating does wear off after a while , mostly on the wound strings -LRB- E , A , D -RRB- . But it 's not objectionable , they just have that `` worn-in '' look then.I 'm not enough an expert to comment on how they compare , sound-wise , to other strings .
 I bought this mic when I was browsing for something I could record my demos over . It really picks up good quality sounds ! Very light and easy to hold in your hands for long periods of time . I rated it 4 , however , because it is n't loud enough , unless you use Windows ' Microphone booster . But other than that , you ca n't get much better , unless you plan on spending alot more money . Good buy .
 I have studied and compared features , purchased other microphones that I had to return for just not ` measuring up ' but this is the hands down winner for great quality at an excellent price ! I use it with my camcorder to eliminate background noise , I use it on my computer for narration with my video editing program , and I use it with my daughter 's kareoke machine for great voice quality . I used to hate hearing my recorded voice but this microphone makes my voice sound deep and rich ! I love it !!
 The sound is good . But it is not heavy enough . Do n't feel it is of a good quality though .
 I 've been playing guitar for more than 40 years . I have several electric guitars , basses and acoustic guitars . But I have n't had a nylon string guitar since the 1970s , so I decided to get this for just over $ 100 . Instantly it was my favorite guitar to pick up and noodle with . The action was a little high , so I got clever and filed down the nut a little bit . I would n't recommend anyone doing that , but I gambled and it 's working out fine -LRB- although it is buzzing a little bit in spots after my amateurish guitar tech work -RRB- . I initially saw this guitar on a YouTube video . A guy was playing a modern-day classical piece and sounded like a million bucks . I 'm not saying this guitar is worth a million , but it certainly is worth the amount I paid for it . It sounds and plays great.I also bought a decent case for it , as I may take it around to jam . My total cost with case was something like $ 160 . It 's hard to beat that.I do wish , however , that I purchased the guitar with a built-in pickup . But it 's cool .
 There 's nothing much to say about this guitar . It 's a good one . This guitar is the first one I actually bought for myself . The other guitars I have , have been gifts and hand-me-downs . The tone is amazing for any kind of music , though flamenco and classical sound dramatically better . The action is a bit high , but after a few days , you get used to it . The neck a somewhat average thickness and width for a classical guitar . The body is a good fit for anyone , my friends come over , and they steal it when we jam . Chords crystal clear on it , but the picking gets a bit muffled at fast pieces , though that 's probably me , with my slow fingers . Over all a great guitar , worth more then $ 100 I got it for .
 I just needed a stick holder for my electronic drumset . I only own 1 pair of sticks but from the looks of it the holder can probably hold up to about 3 pairs of sticks . It gets the job done for me and its cheap . So if you need a drum stick holder that can hold up to a maximum of 3 pairs of sticks , just get this one , the price is right .
 I purchased this item a short while ago , and i must say it was as expected , the container itself is durable , and so far I got 3 pair of sticks in it , theres still room for another pair , and it easily fits on any cymbal stand . . no need to look for sticks anymore , especially if you play the drums agressivly , and end up throwing sticks around while playing , spare sticks are always there within reach : -RRB- Great value for money ...
 I find this better than a drum stick stick bag . Very convenient when my stick happen to drop .
 Holds sticks well . No issues . Sturdy , easy to clamp on . A bit on the smaller side , so if you have tons of sticks , seek another solution . Three pairs works just fine .
 This head was put on the snare side of my snare drum . Worth every cent over cheap stock heads . I would all recommend changing your snare wires to something like Puresound snare wires . These two items will help make your snare sound sweet .
 These sticks are high quality , sound great , and are virtually indestructible . I 've tried them all , and these are the best . I ca n't recommend them enough !
 The sticks are perfectly balanced , no varnish which is good if your palms sweat alot . There is some very fine splintering but can easily be remedied with some fine hand sanding . Great price for a great product ! A+H enry BuckAcupuncturist -LRB- amateur drummer -RRB-
 Great feeling stick !!! Made with the idea of comfort and loudness . Amazingly tough stick do n't think i could break it if i tried .
 El paquete llego en el tiempo indicado , y en perfectas condiciones , el producto es de calidad . Recomiendo a este vendedor ! .
 Having bought a new violin , I was unsure what ` type ' of strings to buy . I purchased these strings and they were exactly what I needed . Thank you !
 I started using these sticks when they were made by Johnny Rabb 's now defunct stick company . I like them because they are long , and the `` bottle '' portion makes for consistently solid rimshots , which I use a lot . The tips make these sticks well suited for fast playing as well . Despite their odd shape , they are well balanced , and you feel like to you have a lot of power and control when holding them . Vater is a great company , and actually makes a lot of the sticks for some other large drumstick brands . Highly recommended is you 're looking for something more from your sticks .
 Okay , I admit it
 This guitar pedal is a very fine piece of work ! I couldnt be more satisfied with something like this , its a great pedal for anybody who likes metal ROCK ON DUDES !!
 SUPER TONE MONSTER !!!!!!! This is the `` version 2 '' of the original Death Metal Distortion . I own both of them.MONSTER TONE AND ADJUSTABILITY !!! You can dial-in MANY distortion voicing from this single pedal ! From SUPER CRUNCH all the way down to light tube saturation ! Low background noise and ULTRA LOW price make this pedal you BIGGEST BANG FOR THE BUCK ! ALL HAIL to Digitech for this pedal !!
 Yes , this is the pedal that gives me the sound I want . I play through a Peavy 5150 and this pedal destroys all in it 's way . First time I plugged it in through my setup , I played Slayer 's ` Skeletons of Society ' . The tone knocked me out . For those who want that thick molten metal sound for thrash , this stompbox is for you.The price is very reasonable for the sound you get . Also , instead of plastic , the pedal is MADE of metal . Do n't worry about dropping or stomping on this thing too hard . It can take all the abuse you can give it . With this pedal I take charge and all the attention is on me . This thing is just blistering . If you want to take a step up and have a killer tone , this pedal rules all .
 1st this pedal is pure high gain.if your looking for soft molding dist get metal master.i tune 3 1/2 Steps down this box handles it with ease .2 nd there is a buzz if u dont use adapter .3 rd it does sound good 4 bass but gives a lot of highend.just adjust it down.its built like a tank.only buy if u want brutal punishing high gain chrunchy greatness !
 This pedal is good if your amp does n't offer much distortion . For me , I my Crate Gfx 15 offers alot more punch than this pedal . Only reason I rated it a 4 is because all of the knobs go to 11 .
 I used to have a few distortion pedals and THIS one I always came back to . Im glad it 's still around . I had it back in ' 94
 This pedal is extremely heavy , is actually fairly versatile , and can even make a squier sound excellent and hot.I mean if there was a pedal that was considered to be `` ultimate '' , this would be the one .
 The pedal arrived very quickly and in excellent condition . It was my 1yr anniversary gift for my bf , so I was glad that the pedal was delivered before our actual anniversary date
 I have the original DOD Death Metal and the original DOD Grunge Pedals -LRB- amongst a plethora of others -RRB- . The O.G. Death Metal had more clarity . Digitech 's version is a little too `` hot '' and causes more unwanted feedback . I love feedback but it is much more difficult to control with this version . If you can find an old DOD , get that but this one is still a good pedal . For those who say the Grunge is better , it 's a matter of opinion and style . The Grunge has quite the nasty tone but the Death Metal is a `` tighter '' sound . The Grunge was made to be noisier because it was intended for grunge !! The Death Metal needed to be more precise for more staccato picking that metal has . For those complaining about not having an old fuzz type tone , you can get this but why would you ? IT 'S A DEATH METAL PEDAL . They make other pedals that are better for fuzz and vice versa .
 its good for metal sound . i also have the rp255 i use as my mane pedal . feed the smaller pedeas into in the rp255 . hers a like to see what it sound like . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Being my first distortion pedal , I can not give a huge comparison to other products , but nevermind that , this pedal kicks butt !! I just started learning to play guitar and the distortion channel on the amp I used to practice a few Metallica and Slayer songs was not cutting it tone-wise . This pedal does the trick , giving you a sound that can rock your house . I just loved turning the low and high frequency knobs to max and getting some amazing feedback that adds a crushing blow to the riffs . Highly recommended for a metal fan !!
 Ok I have been playing guitar for about 5 years . Electric Guitar for almost 2 . I kinda got bored of not having a loud heavy distortion . Using any amp you can get heavy distortion by turning up the preamp high and the postamp down , but then the sound is barely audible . So when I got this I immeadiatly fell in love with it . The sound at first gave me too much feed back . So what you have to do is you have put your amp on clean . If you want to use your amp distortion for the entire song and then this pedal for the solo then you have to be playing from the moment you turn the distortion on til the moment you turn it off or else it screechs . The sugested settings -LRB- death scoop , smooth , knifes edge , and rectified -RRB- are good for getting used to the pedal , but after awhile you need to find your own settings . I love this pedal . I compared it to such pedals as the Metal Zone and The Boss Death Metal -LRB- digitech bought out Boss so they are the same , just the digitech has more crunch -RRB- and the Digitech Grunge.My set up is a Washburn Dime 332 with light gauge strings and the factory pick-ups . My amp is a Peavey Rage 158 . It 's a 10 watt , but with this pedal it sounds like a 30 . It 's amazing . All those reviews you read that said you ca n't get softer sounds are wrong . You just need to use the volume setting on your guitar . If you turn it down low , you can get a blues tone out of it.Now this thing is built like a rock , I have a good size dent in my floor now from when I dropped it , but the thing still sings . It is a mini tank . Even though you get good battery life I would suggest you still get the AC adaptor.This pedal is perfect for any metal head ! Do n't waste you time on the other pedals . This one is the best you can get , and it 's cheap too!Review : - Makes small amps sound huge , and huge amps sound ... well just sound bigger.-Can get soft sounds out of it-Less expensive yet still as good-Built like a tank ! - Gives you sounds of all good Metal Bands -LRB- Iron Maiden , Judas Priest , Slayer , Metallica ... etc. -RRB- - Excellent beginner/intermediate/advanced pedal .
 I got this pedal a couple of years ago for my birthday , and , for the most part , I 've been happy with it when I play it with guitars.First off , you ca n't really produce much of what I would consider authentic `` Death Metal Distortion '' , the distortion is kind of heavy , but is not much heavier than some of the stuff you can get from a normal distortion pedal.When I first got this pedal , it had an enormous amount of feedback , so much in fact that I had to turn the volume and master knobs on my amp to around 1 or 2 . Thankfully , with time , the feedback was died out a bit . The sounds you can produce are decent , not great , but are good enough for $ 50 . I 'm not much of a guitarist -LRB- even though I fool around with it -RRB- , I 'm a quite experienced bass player , and I must say this pedal sounds terrible with basses . When you play notes in succession , its hard to hear whether you are playing a chord or whether you are playing separate notes as they all mesh together . Most notes are too low -LRB- especially when you play 6 string like I do -RRB- to decipher and end up sounding like garbage . I do not recommend for a bass player.Overall , its an okay pedal , kind of muddy though , good if you ca n't dish out for more expensive pedals , but it will do .
 I 've owned a Digitech Death metal pedal for about 2 years now , and I love it . It provides a great uber-distortion sound , with a fair range of tone modification . The only negative that I 'd point out is that the level of distortion is n't adjustable on the pedal . I 'm sure more experienced guitarists deal with this by tweaking the volume knob on the guitar . Fair enough.As for the pedal being `` muddy ? '' Ummm ... the distortion on this thing has like 500x gain . You push a gnat fart through this , and it will sound distorted and muddy . Period . That 's what happens when you jack up a signal , and clip it - adding all those harmonics and overtones muddy the sound . Try playing with the tone knobs -LRB- duh ! -RRB- to clean up the sound . Or better yet , get better pickups for your guitar . This pedal wo n't make stock pickups sound like their active , though it 'll certainally run with the ball a pretty good length in this regard . One of the guitars I have I 've adjusted the stock humbuckers so that they 're closer to the strings , and I get all sorts of metal nonsense from them when running through this pedal . Active pickups with this thing would sound absolutely insane.Also , feedback ? Well , again , that 's what you 're going to get when you jack up the signal 500x -LRB- double duh ! -RRB- . The solution to this ? Try switching your style to something a little more accomodating to feedback-less performance like a Air Supply cover band , or a Hall and Oates tribute band . I can get feedback from a mild overdrive pedal if I have a 50w amp jacked to 10 , nevermind having this thing in the chain . So yeah , you 're going to get feedback . Deal with it by not standing directly in front of the amp and thrashing about playing power chords.Finally , I have to agree that you can dial in a heavier distortion sound from a Digitech Grunge . The downside with the Grunge is that you have far less flexibility with the tone settings than with this pedal - the devil here is in the details . Inbound and outbound tone filtering on a distortion is at least 50 % of your tone and sound , so having a distortion with three tone knobs , as opposed to two , provides far more flexibility to the average guitarist . The only other way you 're going to get a better tone is having a full-on EQ , which I do n't see many people offering these days . There are few pedals , like the Boss , that have a four-knob EQ , but frankly I think the distortion on these suck . They 're not heavy enough , not sensitive enough , and just sound all-around anemic . I use the Digitech Death Metal all the time , and love it .
 This pedal is definitely worth its price . I am going to keep this short ... This was the first pedal i ever bought . High output so its fun to play with . You can get alot of different sounds out of it . HEAVY . Im not sure this pedal should be classified as `` Death Metal '' but i liked it . I 'm a HARDCORE MetallicA fan , -LRB- think what you want -RRB- and i was able to get a good thrashy sound with this out of my marshall . I have a Jackson Dinky and a Dean ML . the tone with the jackson is OK but the stock pickups on the ML are very high output so i can get a good high treble tone with it . I 'm getting bill lawrences and dimetimes on the ML so that should be fun.The only downsides i can think of are it uses alot of battery so you have to replace it alot -LRB- MAKE SURE YOU UNPLUG THE CABLES AFTER USING IT -RRB- and i do n't like the digitech pedal system . Its my opinion but i like the MXRs better . You can just stomp on it when your playing.I would recomend this pickup to someone whos not extremely experienced and hasnt used alot of distortion pedals before . Also if you just dont like the distortion on your amp . They 're cheap so its a great upgrade for only 50 buck . I was retarded and didnt try it out first but luckily i liked it . They 're only 50 bucks and there worth it . If your more experienced i would recomend shopping around more . This isnt a `` specific tone '' pedal if you know what i mean . I hope I was helpful .
 Pedal is at a great price for the sound it provides ! I would recommend this pedal to anyone looking for more distortion and the able to change your lows/mids/highs . Really great for heavy metal and death metal of course : D
 The death metal pedal works well with some amplifiers but can sound terrible with other amps . My biggest qualm with this pedal is that it does not have a gain knob to adjust the intensity of distortion . The distortion can be overbearing since it always has that death metal sound to it . I would recommend that you make sure it sounds good with your amp before purchasing .
 well i couldnt waite till i got this pedal . my boss gt-10 burnt out so i was very angry about that . but i needed a distortion pedal to hold me over till i purchase a big muti effects floor unit processor . so i got this digitech death metal . well maybee im doing something wrond but im not sure . it has lots of screaching noise and poping . i have an esp kirk hammet sig series guitar with two emg 81 active pickups . i started with not useing the 9volt battery in my guitar and i used the clean channel on my amp . it did not sound good at all . the distortion was so week and crapy . so now i used the 9volt battery in the guitar ans still the clean channel . but the distortion was not so good at all . then i turnd the distortion on in my amp and there was so much noise and poping sounds and i couldnt even hear the sound of my chords at all . i like the levels on the pedal and the dark look of the pedal the shaping knobs are cool , so that is were the 4 stars come from . maybee you people out there know any setting for me or some way i can fix this problem . i dont want to return the pedal cause i want to mess around with it . so to give you out there some more info on my rigg so that maybee you can help me out with fine tunning this pedal . i have a behringer 100watt head , behringer 2000watt power amp and 4 siesmic 412 cabinets . the volumes are not on high at all , not even close cause i litteraly bow out my window . just to let you know . the behringer 100watt amp head has tube modeling circitry and i can tell you that the sounds on this amp is so good i was in love with this amp , and it is very cheap in price . the distortion on this amp with my guitar hooked up with the 9volt battery is the best deep and dark full sustain distotion ever . now i was actualy thinking since the behringer effects on the amp sound so good im stuck between choosing to buy behringer effects pedals or the vox tonlab 300.00 model . what do you people think would be the better choice ? im not saying digitech sucks but maybee its my inexperience that is limiting me ? i did email digitech for some help . as you can see i sent them a long email to give them as much info on my rig so it would be easer to help me with this problem and all i got was change the battery . but i told them in the email that i sent them that i have a digitech 9volt adapter . well the pedal does come with a battery and is well protected and packaged real good . i wish this pedal sounded as good as it looked : -LRB-
 Great software at a great price ! It is as functional as Cakewalk Pro Audio 7 was -LRB- I used to use that -RRB- . The 64 audio track limit is not a problem , I have never even got close to that many audio tracks . There are a lot of free MIDI effects and VST effects and instruments available for free online if you need anything this program does n't offer ... If you ca n't get sound look under OPTIONS - > AUDIO - > ADVANCED and try a different driver -LRB- ASIO , MME , etc. . . -RRB- . ASIO is best -LRB- update soundcard drivers or look for ASIO4ALL -RRB- . Also do n't forget to pick MIDI devices -LRB- OPTIONS - > MIDI DEVICES -RRB- or you 'll get no MIDI playback either ...
 To clarify complaints by a previous reviewer . If you read the product description nowhere does it promise to be easy to use or that you will be `` recording your music and listening to it right away '' . It says it is entry-level software for musicians . `` Musicians '' ... not casual users looking for a toy to play with . If you read the description of its capabilities and all of those features are going over your head common sense should tell you this may not be the software for you . Cakewalk offers a more entry-level program called `` Easy Music Creator '' ... that may be the product for you . Sonar Home Studio is extremely powerful for what it costs but it has a steep learning curve . It is the first step into serious pro-level recording software.The complaint about the helpfile is valid . Also , this product can at times have stability and driver issues , especially with built-in soundcards not intended for use with recording software . But all-in-all it is a great product when used with a pro-sumer or professional grade interface .
 I bought Sonar Home Studio to essentially expand on the sequencer of Reason 3.0 , as well as to use Reason simultaneously with Reaktor 5 . I have a lot of synth and effect plugin power , so I was looking for a basic , reasonably full featured , inexpensive sequencer to use with those two programs . Sonar Home Studio has fit that bill almost perfectly . As a previous reviewer noted , this is not a `` play and hear immediately '' sequencer . It has a truly excellent feature set for the money , and thus has a learning curve that is `` somewhat '' steep . I found Sonar HS to be refreshingly stable , and had just what I needed . Rewiring Reason into Sonar HS has been a breeze , with very few problems . It should be noted though , that propellerheads rewire update has introduced some problems . If you use Reason with this , save all of your parameters before shutting down Reason , as it sometimes shuts down Sonar along with it , -LRB- I suspect that this is an issue with Reason , not Sonar -RRB- ! Another issue is VSTi plugins . They are run through a wrapper rather than directly . Still , I had no serious problems with my VSTi plugins . The wrapper functioned as promised , the only issues that I had were some strange rendering issues with Reaktor in it 's VSTi version , but those problems at all were n't serious , and I found the VSTi versions of that program to actually be more stable ! All of the rest of my VSTi 's have worked perfectly . When using the wrapper however , do note to set the rendering size large enough to draw the plugins , as the wrapper itself has very little documentation about this . Documentation for the rest of the program was rather sparce , but enough to get one up and running , if one has basic knowledge of digital audio workstations.This program has some stability issues with EMU 's pro series cards as well , such as the 1212m . I wound up ditching their drivers , -LRB- which were n't very good anyway -RRB- , and using ASIO4ALL drivers , which have given me rock solid stability and latencies down to 5 ms without a hiccup . If you do n't know what latency is however , I would recommend Easy Music Creator to cut one 's chops on . It 's dirt cheap , and very educational.The bottomline : Sonar Home Studio is an excellent DAW for persons working with softsynths . With the right drivers , it 's both stable , and does what it says it will do . I found the workflow to be very good , -LRB- but in all fairness , that is somewhat of a personal preference -RRB- , and I also found that it was very good at syncing everything up , -LRB- I tested that extensively -RRB- , where entry level DAW 's frequently have trouble with that sort of thing . All in all , problems were found to be solvable with a little research and patience . If you are a band that is doing hard disk recording however , and are light on high level effects and mastering tools , you may want to go with Sonar 5 studio , which comes with superior effects plugins . If you have a ton of good plugins though , and are looking for a low cost sequencer , Sonar Home Studio may just fill the bill for you , and do it at an excellent price !
 I bought this to replace my husbands old cakewalk program for windows 95 ... From what I know of the program and from what my husband and son -LRB- both of which are musicians -RRB- its a great home version and has all the bells and whisles you can need . My husband is still working on tweeking it to suit him but thats a plus ... the abilty to tweek it to your needs .
 I was tempted to take away 1 star because the switch FEELS flimsy . I 'm giving AKG the benefit of the doubt by assuming it 's just the switch button acting as a lever making it easy to move the switch , and that it 's probably a good quality switch . Only time will tell and I 'll update the review if the switch ever fails . The switch works perfectly and has a nice indicator of On or Off -LRB- though on a live stage I 'm not sure how useful that is -RRB- . I 've used and own a variety of microphones . I like to get a different one each time since they each have their own character and I can choose the right mic for the job at hand . I have come to prefer the color of the AKG mics for vocals and this is my favorite so far for my voice . It has the perfect balance of warmth -LRB- good lows & low mids -RRB- and presence -LRB- good highs & high-mids -RRB- with just the right amount of presence boost . The super cardioid directional polar pattern did allow me to have more floor monitor volume without feedback . I 'm using some high quality monitors -LRB- Crown K12 -RRB- and this mic is a good match for that monitor after rolling off the lows fairly hard . Recording the live jam sessions the mic sounded equally good.I also picked up one AKG Perception P5 and ca n't tell much of a difference through the small amount of time I 've spent with them . I THINK the D88 sounds better , but that may be the psychology of having spent more money on it . The response and polar patterns look exactly the same between the two , and the specs look the same , so I 'm not sure what the difference is.Disclaimer
 Prior to buying this box , I had my DAW 's analog output directly connected to my studio monitors and used an old stereo receiver as a headphone amp . I would not have expected the Central Station to make such a huge difference to my way of working but it 's been incredibly convenient to be able to control the system volume with a real knob , switch between studio monitors and a cheap boombox and to have the built-in headphone amp with plenty of volume . I ca n't explain why but being able to run my sound card -LRB- Digital Audio Labs CardDeluxe -RRB- at full output has made my mixes come out better in the form of crisper sound and better separation of instruments . Next step is to hook up the DAW 's digital output to the CS so that I can have a custom headphone mix and leave it up during the tracking process without disrupting whatever mix decisions I 've made . This box did exactly what I needed and helped me streamline my workflow without degrading my audio quality .
 Purchased this set for my neice for Christmas . It was perfect ! Very well made and sturdy enough for a 2yr old . The size was great and she loved it ! It made our Christmas . They were VERY fast on the shipping . Will do busineUnion 3 pc . Junior Kids Drum Set UT3 * METALLIC RED Complete with Seat , Sticks , Pedal -LRB- for 3-5 yrs old -RRB- ss with them again !
 i bought this kit as an early christmas gift for my 2 1/2 - year-old son . he 's been beating holes into all the toy drums , tambourines , and other musical instruments he has . so far , this one has held up to all his wear and tear without incident . i opted for the kit minus the throne because i do n't think my son will be comfortable sitting at his age.initially , i was impressed with the quality of the drums . real wood shells ! once tuned , they actually sounded much better than i expected they would . the finish is also very nice , considering the nature of the set . the hardware and tightening lugs leave a bit to be desired however . the rackmounts do n't tighten adequately to keep the drums solidly in place , but with the right placing they sit pretty well atop the bass drum . also , the bass pedal mounts onto the drum somewhat awkwardly , and it seems as though it could be knocked off with the right force.keeping in mind that this is a set for kids and not designed for performance or very heavy playing , i am very pleased with my purchase . also , the delivery was prompt and everything arrived in perfect shape . i would likely consider purchasing other products from this manufacturer and seller in the futute .
 This was an instant hit for our grandson . He pulled the Christmas wrapping from the box and he immediately want to open the box and set up the set . Now that the set is up , it is the first thing he goes to play with each morning . He is really into playing these drums . Not yet 3 , he has already got the basic hand motion for playing drums . The set is a great value !
 Great quality for price ! My nephew loves it ! Now I need to buy one for my little ones birthday ! Good buy
 my review is unusual . I buy this item for my daughter who is disabled , but loves music . She runs her fingers over the keyboards and laughs while she is doing it . Eventually , she throws it on the floor , hence , I buy several of these at a time . But they are very sturdy !
 After I recommended one to a friend , I got one myself . The online reviews are generally good for this bass , and it 's a good buy . The setup was good and it sounded good right out of the box . The strings are cheap and do n't help , which can be expected in an economical instrument . I plan to replace them soon with Fender Nylon Tape Wound Strings , which will take this bass into another category . Some of the online reviews mention that the electrical parts are weak and wo n't last too long . I like to do upgrades , so the pots will be changed for standard Fender CTS pots . So , between the strings , pots and a Switchcraft jack , for under $ 30 in upgradesFender Accesories 073-9120-406 Nylon Bass Guitar Strings , LightI 'll have a good basic bass .
 I bought this bass for my 13 year old son . He loves it ! It is a very high quality bass and a great deal for the price .
 This review covers the Silvertone SSL3 Cherry Sunburst Guitar Pack including SMART III Amplifier.The guitar is gorgeous , beautiful . First thing I did was to remove the stickers on the back . Not objectionable , but looked nicer without them to me . Took WD-40 to remove traces of adhesive . A knowledgeable instructor pointed out that the flame top is a photographic overlay , but if not for his expert observation , I 'm not sure one could notice . Still looks beautiful to me . Checking the Gibson Internet site , seems to me even their very costly models use a veneer for the Cherry Sunburst as the 360 view shows a mahogany back , very similar to the Silvertone in appearance.I watched a movie about the life of Les Paul called Chasing Sound and he made a guitar from a piece of 4 x 4 lumber with guitar looking wings on the sides.Ordinary people tend to gasp when first seeing this guitar , it really is lovely.I took it to a guitar repair shop for set up , and no adjustments were required.After bending notes the tuning seemed to slip , so I used the locking string method at the tuning posts and wrapped the strings over the bridge with a new set of Elixir .009 , and seems to be fine now . I also purchased nut lubricant for a few dollars , and added very small amounts to nut grooves and bridge contact points . Previously there had been some clicking at the nut when bending the G string , and this now vanished.Initially the tone control for the neck pickup was intermittent . I removed the back plate to check for quality of solder joints . One lug seemed light on solder , so I re soldered it . No change . The guitar tech tightened the mounting nut , checked all the wiring . Looked good to him . No charge , and after that it has worked just fine.The vinyl gig bag works just fine for carrying the guitar but offers no real protection or storage . Purchased Musician 's Gear gig bag , and very pleased with the upgrade . Lots of storage . Well made . I hang it on the wall and space requirement is minimal.I found the amplifier to be fairly good for `` clean '' amplification but pushing the Overdrive button immediately muddied the sound such that it was very difficult to hear notes on the strings even with the Drive control at minimum setting . I do n't know if I just got a bad unit or they are all like this . I purchased a cable at Radio Shack and plugged the guitar into my stereo receiver accessory input . This worked well for clean only playing , but not too much different from playing an acoustic guitar with lighter gauge strings.Acquired a reasonably inexpensive small modeling amplifier , the Roland Micro Cube and the transformation is extraordinary . Really brings the instrument to life.The guitar strap seems fine to me . Adjusts easily and stays in adjustment , is firmly attached at the ends.Overall I am extremely pleased with this guitar . Purchased as an experiment to see if I would like an electric after forty years of occasionally playing my Fender acoustic . With the new strings properly attached , and the new amplifier , it is a joy to play.I replaced the guitar cable with a Monster cable with gold plated ends and this also may have improved the sound.I read a book from the library about guitar maintenance and set up by Dave Burrluck and found it enjoyable and informative . I did adjust the bridge height , but after trying to measure the last 64th of an inch , just turned the adjustment to where I liked it . It also showed how to lock the strings at the posts . This information is also available online , but the book has clear instructions and color photoghraphs . The key is to keep tension on the string when first establishing the lock . First time I tried it did not work , so I bought a second set of strings and was more careful , then it was fairly easy.I should mention the tone and overall sound of this guitar is very good . With the various modes on the Roland Micro Cube it really sounds extraordinary . This is a small portable amplifier , but models sound using a `` composite object sound modeling '' `` virtually '' reconstructing the audio configuration of a group of classic amplifier sounds . Roland says their amplifier modeling uses virtual components that reflect each aspect of the original amplifiers , so when volume or gain are increased , the effect is like the original . Works for me and replicates the sound of some very expensive gear.There seems to be a condition with many guitarists where they constantly seek new , more expensive equipment , but I am perfectly satisfied with this set up . -LRB- Hope this lasts , but I am pleased . -RRB- If I ever needed to perform on a stage -LRB- not likely -RRB- I could upgrade to a more powerful amp model in the same line , or place a microphone in front of the speaker . The guitar seems perfect , that is the tuning machines work well and can be tightened with Philips screw adjustment on the chrome knobs , rosewood finger board is good , chrome finish on the hardware is very good , wood finish is very good , pickups , tone and volume controls work well . My last guitar -LRB- acoustic -RRB- was purchased used , so I 'm really enjoying brand new fret wires . Ends are smooth , properly cut and beveled.The packaging was lacking during shipment so there was very little protection . In working on the solder joint under bright light , there are some small cracks in the finish near the neck , but the guitar tech confirmed they are only cosmetic in the surface . Apart from looking very carefully that one time , I 've never even noticed them again . This rough handling during shipment and lack of adequate cushioning in the packing probably knocked the tone controls loose as well . The pickup selector switch was also loose , but that could be tightened with firm finger pressure on a knurled ring .
 All amps have a buzz , it 's called feedback . The guitar is awsome , just like the real Gibson . Tone and volume knobs work beautifully . The guitar has an awsome look and sounds great . Best deal around , I like it better than my cousins $ 300 strat pack . Nothing was broken when it came , everything worked and it arrived in 5 days with standard shipping !! A definetly must have for any guitar player .
 When I got this guitar I was in doubt , but when I opened the box it was beautiful , but looks can be misleading , so I plugged it in and played a couple chords and I was shocked . The sound was clear and perfect . The amp was also good , a bit small but it certinly puts a lot of noise for its size . The tuner , DVD , and book are all exceptional items.I fullly recommend this guitar to all intermediate and novice guitar palyers.All in all this guitar is a beautiful instrument
 When I got this guitar I was in doubt , but when I opened the box it was beautiful , but looks can be misleading , so I plugged it in and played a couple chords and I was shocked . The sound was clear and perfect . The amp was also good , a bit small but it certinly puts a lot of noise for its size . The tuner , DVD , and book are all exceptional items.I fullly recommend this guitar to all intermediate and novice guitar players.All in all this guitar is a beautiful instrument . -LRB- The only bad thing I could find with this guitar is the shipping was slow , it wasn ' a huge deal but i was dissapointed to see how slow it came , so when purchasing for a holiday or a b-day I reccomend ordering ealrier or get the super fast shipping feature for about 10 $ extra -RRB-
 Wow , this guitar is great . I do n't know what the guy was talking about whenn they said the amp was messed up . Mine worked beautifully when I plugged it in . this is just like the Les Paul itself and has three tone controls and one volume . Most guitars for this price range have only two knobs !!!!!!!!! I received this four months ago for my 12th birthday and loved it !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Received this about 3 months ago . The electronic tuner was damaged , but I contacted the seller -LRB- zZounds I think -RRB- and they sent me a new one free of charge . I 've only been learning guitar for 3 months , so I ca n't attest to how this guitar compares to others , but it does the job for me . Guitar feels pretty solid and it stays in tune for about 2 practice sessions -LRB- ~ hour long -RRB- .
 This was a gift for my son . I am not a musician . He is very happy with the product . It was received quickly . The sound is good and no problems so far . Unfortunately I ca n't comment on playing it .
 This was purchased as a gift for my 29 year old son . I am not a musician so I ca n't comment on how the guitar plays . It arrived with some of the finish marred on the neck . The tuner was unusable . Something about not being able to open it to put the batteries in . Other than that he is very happy . Sound is good . He says he dose n't need the tuner and the bad finish is small and not worth sending back .
 Unbelievable quality for the money , as I did n't want to spend the big Les Paul $ $ $ , this gutar is pretty heavy as it should be , looks killer in the cherry sunburst . Neck is straight , great inlays , sustain is very long . Amp has cool overdrive , great package for the beginner , or like me , re-learning .
 Everything arrived.The guitar is exactly what we had desired and ordered all at a great price!The case for the guitar was too small . The seller sent a new case.All is fine!I appreciate a seller willing to go the extra mile and make things right !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 We bought this guitar and package , last Christmas . It was a gift for my 17 year old son , He has had it one year now and still loves playing it . I was afraid at first because the price was so low , but the quality was hight , and still is today . Great guitar .
 I own a few old Silvertones . I was curious to see if the new ones were as good as the old ones . When I got it I had to do a total setup , adjust the trusrod , and change the strings.The guitar is made in Korea and it 's made very well . My guitar had no flaws in it and I played really well after the setup.I thought I 'd have to change the pickups but once a plug it into my tube amp , it sounded great.The craftsmanship on this guitar is fantastic .
 I 've been learning to play for a month and have been satisfied with this guitar and amp . The set has good value and the finish of the guitar is better than I expected ; the sunburst body could pass for high-quality wood . The amp occasionally has some static , but overall it sounds clear and is powerful for its size , with a cool overdrive feature that gives a raw tone -LRB- and is more forgiving of mistakes -RRB- . One thing missing from the set was a pack of picks . That 's no big deal since they 're cheap and it 's good to buy several of different sizes and thicknesses to see what suits you . The instructional video is helpful , but should be supplemented with another such as the good one by Fender . Overall , this is a fine set for the beginner and one that I would recommend .
 Received the first Guitar quickly , but there was some issues and had to return it . Return was smooth and easy . Receiver the second guitar in excellent shape . Would have given five stars if I had n't had to return it , should be 4.5 stars though.I love it !!!! not so much the Parents ... . LIFE IS GOOD !
 I got this guitar about two months ago and out of the four I own this one is my favorite one by far . It 's also the nicest . I got the vintage sunburst . When I opened the box the guitar was beautiful . I plugged it in and it sounded awesome . I would not recommend it for beginners but for intermediate players such as myself.This would be good for a second guitar .
 This was bought as a Christmas gift for a 15 year old boy . Even if this was n't a great deal , it would have been worth the price just for the look on his face when he opened it . That being said , the guitar sounds great . The amp , although not the most powerful , really does the job . All the extras that came with this makes it a GREAT buy.I ordered this after reading the other reviews . I still worried a little about shipping this product and what kind of condition it would be in when it arrived . I did n't need to worry . Everything shipped in 1 box , with the amp and guitar each boxed within the outer container . Good job folks!Whether you are a beginner or know how to play already - you can not go wrong with this set-up . I would recommend this to any of my friends . And again - the look on his face when he opened it - PRICELESS !!
 For the money there is NO WAY you are going to beat this package.Most of the time the saying `` You get what you pay for '' rings true but in this case , I feel like I got much more than what I paid for . There are a few VERY minor cosmeticdefects but without really looking hard for them they are not noticeable.With a little bit of common sence setup the guitar sounds GREAT.The bag is pretty much just a dust cover but serves that purpose well.The amp has great drive but lacks in the goodies as far as tone control but is a great practice amp.The strings ... well they need to be replaced with high quality strings as soon as you can.Again ... as an over-all package there is NO WAY YOU WILL BEAT THIS PACKAGE for the money.As a beginner package there are none out there that have a better value !!
 i wanted this guitar soo bad . And I just received it today . It shipped uber fast with the 3-5 day shipping . Well it came in 2 days . I must say American Music Outlet is awesome . they gave me a cheaper deal than any other seller . Also they responded to my multiple questions promptly and kindly . I have never played a real Les Paul but have been playing on and off for years . This guitar feels , sound , and looks great . I didnt want another typical fender squire or First act heaven forbid . This is the best guitar under $ 200 hands down . I got the whole guitar amp package . People complained about the bag fitting , well it fits , a little snug but it does the trick . Not much damage protection if you drop it but it will keep the guitar from getting scratched . The amp sounds as good as any in its class . This is my first electric guitar tuner it came with . It works as well even though I dont really need it unless I want to be perfectly in tune . Great deal great package great guitar and great seller . A + + + + + If I could give 10 stars I would . If your a new player or seasoned pro this is an awesome guitar . Buy it for your kids this x-mas lol . No I dont work for silvertone or amazon I just give good reviews where they are deserved .
 Great beginner glockenspiel but with the rubber mallets the volume is not as great . Plastic mallets work better . I have the acclaimed Angel AX-25 glockenspiel which works as great and has plastic mallets . The CB has the size of a more adult instrument -LRB- but more for teens than adults -RRB- but for sound you ca n't beat the Angel , but it is not better than the CB when plastic mallets are used . These 2 glockenspiels are conveniently small and light , and great for any age . The bars for the CB are white and black and aluminum , those for the Angel are steel and all silvery . This instrument is wrongly called bells or orchestra bells -- it is a glockenspiel and the German name means `` bells play '' but not because they are bells , but because bells were used before the bars . It is also wrongly called a xylophone , xylophone bars are made of wood .
 There are two CB glockenspiel sets on Amazon.com right now . model 6854 comes in a hard plastic case . Model 6855 is a little less expesive because it comes in a nylon case . Sure wish those things were included in the descriptions of the items . Hope this helps others .
 I had the devil 's own time trying to research this glockenspiel -LRB- which is , I am told , technically the correct name for this instrument -RRB- . There are not many reviews of it out there and not much to go on . The CB Percussion is substantially cheaper than many of the alternatives , though , and so I decided to take a leap of faith . I am very pleased that I took the chance.I 'm using this fellow for recording with my indie rock group . I could n't say whether it would do for a school band , which seems to be the target audience for many bell kits . The sound is lovely , that sweet chiming noise that one would want a glockenspiel for . I like the double-sided mallets , one side seems to produce a more transient , sharp attack and the other side is softer , and better for playing when your housemates are asleep . I 've recorded with it twice now , and it sits well in a mix and seems to be in tune with everything else.I 'm glad I sprung for the one with the hard shell case , I actually leave it in the case at all times and just open the lid to play . The case is very sturdy and well worth the ten or fifteen dollar price difference from the version with the gig bag.This bell kit is actually a bit more attractive than it looks in the picture -LRB- or at least mine is -RRB- ... the `` white '' bars are kind of a cream color and very pretty.Again , I ca n't speak for the needs of a band student or orchestral player but for an indie rock guy who does n't need a stand or anything too complex , this is a wonderful object .
 nice quality product . sounds good . not too expensive . made in china . rubber tip mallets are not as good as hard plastic ones .
 I bought this for my budding 5 year old musician . She , along with anyone else who has stepped into our house , has been enthralled with our glockenspiel . The sound is great and the case is nice and sturdy . I would like to point out that the black tipped rubber mallets do leave marks on the white keys , but that does n't bother us . Perfect addition to our musical instruments . Unique , fun , and beautiful sound .
 These bells sound good . Included in the kit are two double-ended rubber mallets and the bells . The bells themselves are very thin -LRB- assume steel ? -RRB- , which is n't a problem for a beginner but these are not a replacement for a high quality bell kit . Suitable for practice and light use . Tone is good , but do n't have the depth of sound that a higher quality kit would have . No stand included , but the hard case is a nice addition . Case is relatively thin plastic , but perfectly adequate .
 Look around , you can get these anywhere for much less , with a full warranty . There is this center , and they sell things like drums and GUITARs , yeah check there and at a certain friend to musicians website , before wasting your money here . I 'm talking $ 100 less , and you get a 2 year warranty.RIPGreat , absolutely top notch equipment though . Solid and will not fail . It 's definately worth finding a better price for it from a reputable brick and mortar store .
 This is one of the greatest tone pedals out there . It is made by Ibanez , and was invented by Maxon . I bought one about a year ago , and I ALWAYS have it turned on in my setup , no matter what I 'm playing . It has a level control , tone control , and drive control . I find that you get better tones if the level and tone knobs always stay up . With the drive set to zero , you can get a very 70 's tube-ey Hendrix sound . With the drive all the way up you can keep that creamy tone that is so pleasing to the ears , and have that edgy fuzz . You can play so many things on here . It 's a reissue , but it is reissued just the the originals with an old power supply jack . It 's the one eighth inch size , but it comes with a free adaptor for this . It is simple , and very sturdy.The sum it up , it is an american classic , a must have . Stevie Ray Vaughn used it , and so many more american guitar icons . I live by this pedal .
 I bought this as a gift for my husband . He loves it . He had been wanting one since he read an article in Guitar Player magazine . It does everything he wants it to do . The transaction was handled quickly with no problems . I am very satisfied with my purchase .
 My tube screamer TS808 arrived as scheduled and was just what I expected . It has a sweet vintage 70 's / 80 's distortion sound and is a must have for any rock guitarist pedalboard .
 Exactly what I needed , has a warm tone not like the boss bd2Just make sure you 're playing through a tube amp m.
 Need to reach that SRV tone ? Need something that will push your clean to the next level ? Need a little boost to that lead channel ? Look no further . This is a classic , a must have in every collection .
 This unit is like a old blue jeans . Problaly exist betters pedals , but it 's produce the vintage overdrive that match with everything ...
 Years ago I owned an original edition TS808 ; I loved that pedal and used it for years on stage . Eventually I sold it many years later , but I always missed that pedal , so I decided to give this reissue a try . My verdict
 I have been playing electric guitar for over 30 years and this is one sweet pedal.I use it with my vintage Blackface Pro Reverb . The Pro has one of the best clean to very slightly overdriven tones depending upon whether you have single coil -LRB- '63 Strat -RRB- of Humbuckers -LRB- Les Paul Std -RRB- pushing it.When I step on the Tube Screamer , and I can make the amp 's pre amps 's tubes `` sing '' into overdrive , and depending on how much overdrive I dialed in , the amp can `` scream '' , but the amp still retains its basic tonal signature . This is especially helpful for us Strat players who want to thicken up our lead lines ...
 Holds four reeds , a elastic strap keeps the reeds tight against the backing and keeps them from warping . The slots are numbered so you can track your reed rotation .
 I do use great care inserting reeds into this holder as it looks as though it would be easy to damage the reed as it slips under the elastic band . So far I have not had any damage from this process . I find that both my tenor sax and bass clarinet reeds fit , but barely!In performance , we often do not have access to our instrument cases , which is normally where extra reeds are kept . I did have an unforgettable experience that involved a chair falling into a hole on the bandstand wherein my reed was badly damaged . As you can guess , my extra reeds were far away in the instrument 's case . AND I was trapped on the bandstand in the center of too-tightly-packed musicians . I had some solos to play . GAAAAAH!Needless to say , I have never again forgotten to carry my backup reeds . Those reeds must be in a holder that fits into a slender pocket , since that 's usually all that 's available and my hands are otherwise filled . Those flimsy single reed holders I have never liked . The more bulky reed holders will not work . This one does .
 This reed guard does the job perfectly . An elastic strap holds the reed to the guard , so that no damage is done to the reed , unlike the Rico/La Voz reed guards which can pinch and damage the reed . The bass clarinet size 2439 also fits alto clarinet reeds . The guard holds 2 reeds per side -- a compact and economical solution to storing reeds with your clarinet .
 Replacement to on from over a decade that cracked . Good medium tone . Nice mounting to drums & timbales without getting in the way of rolls & solos.WHat more can I say . Not many choices out there , so ...
 This cowbell is nice and loud with the smooth deep tone you 've become accustomed to hearing in most of the rock hits over the last 30 years -LRB- I hear Mississippi Queen -RRB- . I have it mounted on my kit using aPearl PPS37 L Arm Rod with Adapter , and it works perfectly . The LP008 is handmade in the USA and with a MSRP of $ 79.99 , Amazon has these for a great price .
 This bell has a nice , , deep sound . it iis Sturdy . . Exactly the sound I wanted ... You might need a separate mounting stand as it is a little heavy .
 In playing percussion for a steel band I use this Ridge Rider Cowbell in rehearsals and performance . Great sound . No one has to say `` More cowbell '' as it can really be heard and it has many sounds . Love it !
 Adjectives to describe this cowbell
 I bought this to use in our band , and everybody loves it . I was used to the old two-hole fish that I 'd used for about 20 years -LRB- long gone -RRB- , so when I got this , I was puzzled . As the picture suggests , it looks like a thermos . One side of the guiro has large bumps , the other has small bumps . The scratcher is a metal pick that looks like the old afro-combs that I used to see in the 70 's . Taken together , you can use one edge of the comb to produce a traditional guiro sound or use all the teeth to produce a louder , fuller sound.The choice of rough or less rough surface gives yet more options for the perfect sound.About the only thing it does n't have is that `` hollow '' sound that you can get with the classic guiro , but when you place this in the mix with an entire band , this produces a better sounds that stands out in the mix.The Guiro itself can be used as a shaker , so that doubles the fun of this device.The only other consideration is that unlike the classic guiro , there are no holes to store the stick , so you need to figure out a way not to loose the `` afro-comb '' . This is a fun instrument . Highly recommended .
 I am part of a small brass band and provide part of the background rhythm . I used a friends Guiro and really loved playing it , so I was looking for one , this one was PERFECT ! It has a great sound from both sides and is fun to play , not to mention , it is a wonderful addition to our group ... thank You Amazon for listing this wonderful instrument !
 Exceeded my expectations . Extraordinarily loud compared to other temple blocks . I love them . I would recommend these for most hall applications . Small venue might be a bit overpowering .
 This thing is wonderful . Anyone who plays keyboard sitting down knows the `` X '' shaped stand is total BS , because you will hurt yourself trying to use the pedal . This product , instead , give you the space for your legs , just like a real piano . I unscrewed the side screws and it gets even lower ! Perfect to go under the desk in my studio . Bravo .
 Pros
 It 's steady enough for my 65 pounds piano . And it only took five minutes to set up .
 I bought this stand for my 88-Key Casio keyboard . The shipping was fast and was happy did not have to assemble it . Just adjusted the height and it was ready to use .
 I ordered one of these for our church 's praise team area . The box was light enough for me to handle easily and I wondered how sturdy it would be . Would it be able to hold up a heavy Roland keyboard ? I was in a hurry to get it up and was thrilled to find that it arrived fully assembled . It folds up into a small package , but when it is set up it holds the keyboard with no wobbling . Very nice and well made .
 Very happy with this product . I ordered it Monday , it shipped FedEx on Tuesday and was delivered on Friday . This is with free shipping , Texas to California . It 's quite heavy , so the free shipping is nice.The stand itself is very sturdy . It 's pre-assembled and it was up and adjusted in five minutes . My old JV-90 fit perfectly . It comes with adhesive-backed rubber pads so the keyboard wo n't slip around , and for extra security the width adjusts over a broad range so that the keyboard 's rubber feet can drop through holes in the stand 's top platform . Very stable -- nobody will tip this over by accident . An excellent product and an excellent value.A last note
 Love that I did n't have to assemble this stand ! Just had to unfold it . Was easy to adjust and is very stable . It 's nice to be able to sit down at keyboard without having to worry about bumping it . Also seat fits perfectly under it when not in use .
 A lot of the X design stands are great for playing while you are standing but the X gets in your way if you like playing while in a seated position - like at an acoustic piano . This stand meets the need of the seated player and can be raised to a higher standing position . It easily collapses for travel and is not very heavy . My major issue with it is its minimum height which is too high for a standard chair or piano stool . If it could go just 1-2 &#34; lower it would be ideal .
 I had been kicking myself for about 2 years , because I purchased an electronic keyboard with intentions of our son taking lessons in the future -LRB- he was only 2-years-old when we bought the keyboard -RRB- . I bought this stand hoping that 1 . It would be sturdy enough to hold a full , 88-key , Casio Previa 100 easily and 2 . Would be able to hold up to a 5-year-old , who has the tendency to kind of lean on tables and put his weight down on everything.As soon as I opened the box , I was pleased . The stand `` looked '' sturdy and well made , but proved to require no assembly , just unfold , adjust the width and voila!My one concern came to a screeching halt as soon as I put the keyboard stand in place . My one reservation was that if the angle of the legs were 45 degrees , that it might topple over easily . Keep in mind , I 've got a 5-year-old running about and things get banged into . He is my live-in durability tester . However , all of my fears were put to rest in a matter of moments . I put the keyboard on the stand and noticed that the legs jet out at the sides just a bit , so there 's no concern of the stand being knocked over to the side.I do have to say that my stand is always stationary and is against a wall . I can not really say how it would fair in another environment , but for our specific uses , it 's absolutely perfect .
 Love the design of this it 's solid , and open so that the knees do n't hit anything . But it is a little tall though . It measures 26 inches at the lowest setting , but add the dimensions of the Yamaha and the keys are at 29 inches which feels a little high for the bench even at its highest adjustment .
 I have a simple keyboard where I occasionally try to learn the piano . The previous stand was one of those with the scissor legs . It was wobbly and hard to get my legs under it . This item was surprisingly heavy when the box arrived . The design is perfect for sliding a chair up to it and it is very stable when you bump it . I am very happy with it .
 Good product for the price and very useful . I like the fact that it is sturdy and can be folded to minimise space .
 This stand was exactly what I was hoping for when it came out of the box - easy to assemble , easy to adjust to the keyboard size and to the person using it , and easy to fold back up for transporting in a car with minimal utilization of space . Like the fact that there is lots of leg-room under the stand , unlike the stands that have legs that cris-cross . Would certainly buy this product again .
 We bought this as an alternative after returning a Proline stand that had the x-folding design . This design provides legroom and a narrower top that secures the Casio PX-130 88-Key Digital Stage Piano that we use it for . Well worth the money , .
 I recently decided to switch from playing sitting down to playing standing up.This stand was the perfect solution
 This is the perfect stand for the keyboard that hubby ordered for me . It came with a scissor-leg stand , which proved to be unstable and tippy . He ordered this stand to replace it and we are both pleased with it 's stability and ease in getting close to the keyboard .
 The best portable keyboard stand I have seen . I have a G-1000 Arranger -LRB- weighs 40 lbs -RRB- on it now and is doing the job just fine .
 This stand replace the stand that came with my keyboard . The On Stage Stand is very stable and is the perfect height . Love it !
 Strong enough to support even more weight than specified . Besides , beautiful to see , nothing in common with those X-shaped stands . Simply perfect .
 I purchased this stand with my fingers crossed , due to reading several bad reviews . Nonetheless , the stand was shipped promptly . There is nothing to assemble , assuming I was n't shipped a returned stand ; I just had to unfold it like a collapsible table and adjust the rails and legs to fit my keyboard . For my purposes , the product works great , however , placing an exceedingly heavy keyboard on the stand would n't seem advisable .
 I purchased the stand because I did n't care for the X stand . I used the bench from the old upright piano and noticed the stand with the keyboard was too high ; about 3 inches . I bought an adjustable folding bench and it 's OK now .
 This stand is exactly what my son needed . Its sturdy , but lightweight , and adjustable . Much better than the X models .
 These stands are solidly built . So far I 've bought 2 . One for a portable digital grand piano -LRB- 88 fully weighted/full size keys -RRB- that is a bit on the heavier side , the stand has n't had any problems holding it up at all . The other one is for a vintage 61 key synthesizer that is also on the heavier side , also no problems with that stand.Both times I purchased them -LRB- within the last two years -RRB- , they cost around $ 40-50 with shipping , pre-tax era . Now I see they 're up to $ 85 not including tax or shipping . I was looking to purchase a 3rd one for another synthesizer , but I will probably wait it out until the price fluctuates.Overall a really good and solid keyboard stand -LRB- especially when the price is right -RRB- .
 Although this is a keyboard stand . I am using it as alap steel guitar 's , I have a double neck lap steel on the bottom deck , and a single neck lap steel on the top deck , on the extension I bought . I can adjust it to any height I want . I am 100 % satisfied with it . It works great for my lap steel guitar 's . On Stage KS7350 Pro Heavy Duty Folding Z Keyboard Stand
 I love my new keyboard stand . It 's sturdy , adjustable both up and down , and can be tilted to meet my needs . Best of all it 's light weight and easy to move . I currently have it in my guest room , but all I have to do is pick it up and move it to the closet when someone comes to stay . Plenty of value for the money .
 The KS7150 keyboard stand is much better than the cheaper x-type stands . Very solid , quick setup , and a good fit for the Yamaha YPG-235 keyboard . This is a nice unit . Spring for the extra bucks .
 The stand was reasonably priced , it 's sturdy but still portable , and allows plenty of legroom under your keyboard unlike the X design stands . It 's several inches deeper than my casio px-330 , so there 's some black that sticks out the back , but no big deal . If you had a bigger/deeper board , like a Motif or a p-120 you would use up that extra space nicely . I 'm happy with it .
 I purchased this item for my daughter who has a table top electric drum set . We were unable to find a stand for it and most keyboard stands do n't have a flat surface and would n't work either . When I came across this keyboard stand , I was n't sure if it would be the right dimensions , but since it has such a large range for adjustment , it was perfect ! The stand is very sturdy and if she ever outgrows her drum set , it could be used for many other things .
 This was what I needed to set up a two levwel recording station . I use this as a shelf and the add-on 2nd tier keyboard
 One of the best stands in the market . It is solid and leaves space for your legs
 The keyboard stand is very sturdy . I gave it as a gift and my mother just loves it .
 I chose this one because it allows the piano player to actually be seated while playing because there is enough room for his/her legs .
 what a sturdy , portable , multi-platform table ! the table length and height are adjustable and it is sturdy without weighing a ton to be useful for any musical devices , like heavy keyboards , and is wide enough , in my case , for both a steel guitar and a lap steel guitar sitting side by side.the legs are wide enough apart to admit floor board units , like the Line 6 X3 , etc , to fit between them , and the metal table top is plenty strong and does n't flex under load . it comes with two strips of thin stick on pads , but i chose to cover the metal tops with double sticky taped rubber bottomed carpet mat . the tape adheres securely to the metal top with no fear of the carpet falling off during transport.On Stage also sells a secondary keyboard riser that fits into mounts on the table , should a second layer be desired . i would like to also point out that this table could be used on stage with any musical gear , like mixer boards , drum machines , any outboard gear , if they are affixed to a board of some kind or one is set upon it . there are holes and slots in the table top should any attachments be required to securely hold such boards carrying the equipment.i am thoroughly pleased with this table and would not hesitate to buy another as needs arise .
 I bought this for my keyboard at home to learn to play the piano . I did n't like the X piano stand since I have a large dog who is constantly trying to be close to me . This table top stand is so stable . My dog is constantly playing in the house with his toys oblivious to everything around him and he has yet to break it or make the keyboard fall off . Besides being stable it comes preassembled which means it was up and out of the box and ready to go within minutes . I truley enjoy it and it gives me plenty of space for a chair to be underneath .
 Bought this for our 5 y.o. who plays a Casio keyboard . The stand is well-built and solid and a good value for the money . Unlike the Casio stand -LRB- which is x-shaped -RRB- , there 's plenty of room underneath for feet in case you want to sit on a bench . Highly recommended .
 It 's very sturdy yet flexible . It can be fix in both height and width . Fit perfectly with my 88 keys digital piano . The only thing it needs is a cloth to cover . Very NICE YET CHEAP product .
 This is a very sturdy stand and works perfect with my full sized Yamaha electronic piano keyboard -LRB- it 's a P95B from bestbuy -RRB- . My keyboard has little nubby stand things but they fit on the top of the piano stand ok and it does n't want to slip off or anything . The stand IS kinda tall , I 'm going to look for a tallish stool to go with it . Right now I 'm using a folding chair and it 's a little too low -LRB- though it 's fine for now -RRB- . The stand shipped quickly and was simple to set up , took 5 minutes maybe to get it out of the box and put my keyboard on it .
 On-stage 's second tier that is advertised to fit their X-stand is also designed to fit this . This makes a really nice 2-keyboard setup - although I admit the design of the second tier is a little sloppy but still solid.My thoughts on this stand itself are reflected in the other reviewer 's comments .
 The On Stage KS7150 Table Top Keyboard Stand was just what I was looking for . It is very stable and when it is not being used , it can fold up compactly.My Yamaha keyboard does not slide around on this table because the keyboard has some rubber pads underneath that `` grab '' the metal top and create sufficient friction.It is a heavy table because it is made to hold up to 350 pounds . My keyboard is not nearly that heavy , but I prefer this table anyway . If I get a bigger , heavier keyboard , I wo n't need to upgrade my table . And as I mentioned before , this table folds up very compactly . and stows away out of sight.Someone in another review commented about the table giving under the keyboard , but I do n't see how the table I received could fit that description.Revised comments : A smaller keyboard does not slide around on this table because the rubber pads on the bottom of the keyboard create friction on the top of keyboard stand.However , I just started using a larger keyboard , and found that the keyboard did slide on the stand because its rubber pads were too widely spaced for the table top . I used the friction pads sent with the keyboard stand , peeling off the protective layer and sticking them to the top of the stand . Then the keyboard was reasonably steady in place . The stand can sway slightly now , extended to full width .
 Bought this to replace a standard X-style stand . It 's very sturdy and looks good . The legs are adjustable to prevent any wobble , and it extends enough to easily hold an 88-key piano . A bit heavy if you 're moving it a lot , but that 's the price you pay for a sturdy stand .
 Got I for hubby and he is very happy . Very stable priced right , and nice and easy to adjustVery pleased and would recommend
 I needed a keyboard stand that would support my thin and full 88 key M-Audio Keystation 88es , and this one works perfectly . It 's great for sitting down and playing like a regular piano and is hella sturdy . If you need a solid keyboard stand to fit a full sized midi controller , then purchase this stand.On Stage KS7150 Table Top Keyboard Stand
 This is the stand for my Roland Juno 106 synth and I could NOT be happier that I chose THIS stand over all the others ! VERY sturdy and in a pinch , it can double as a small , VERY STRONG TABLE . THIS stand is NOT going to tip over !!
 Adjustable . Rugid . Well Made . Good quality and I would easily buy another if I ever manage to wear this one out !
 Finally , we found a decent , affordable keyboard stand ! This one is very stable , simple to set up and serves our purpose well -LRB- we keep the keyboard set up at home and do n't have to transport it around -RRB- . So far , no complaints !
 We bought this for our son 's electronic keyboard . He is 8 yrs old and the stand adjusts nicely to fit his size . It was easy to put together and of good quality . I would recommend .
 I am very pleased with the keyboard stand . I was able to adjust the height and length to my needs and it 's sturdy . It arrived in record time and in excellent condition .
 This is a reasonably robust stand that easily carries an 88-key keyboard . The front-back spread on the legs is a little too narrow for stage applications , but having room underneath for pedals is a huge improvement over the more-common ` X ' stand .
 I am tall and have struggled with trying to get a right-sized keyboard stand with a right-sized stool . This is perfect for me and my heavy Roland keyboard . I have set it up so that it is tall enough to use a counter height stool with it . I will note that I am not moving either the stand or the keyboard around so I do n't know how it would hold up to that .
 This was a good deal for the money and seems to be really sturdy . Comes with non slip pads that go on the metal . The hardest part was getting it level since all four legs adjust seperately .
 I purchased this keyboard stand some time ago primarily for gigging with my M-Audio 88sx keyboard/controller and I must say I 've been quite pleased . It sets up pretty easily and folds up flat for conpact transport to and from gigs . I bought the matching carry case just because I like to keep everything nice and protect it from those late-night-tear-down-and-pack-outs and it 's still working fine after 2 years of 2x month gigs . I would recommend this keyboard stand for anyone gigging with a light-to-medium weight keyboard .
 I really was n't expecting much when I bought this , but it is such a great product that I felt compelled to put in my two cents ! Everything is adjustable AND VERY sturdy . That combined is a combination you do n't get very often . My toddler ca n't knock it over , I 'd have to really try HARD to knock it over and i love that it fits all of our keyboards -LRB- bc you can adjust it -RRB- !
 Bought this on Amazon for my theatre company . I found that it is super easy , compact , sturdy and works great . It looks a bit flimsy in the photo -LRB- at least to me -RRB- , but the actual product is solid , adjusts nicely and easily folds away . I definitely recommend this product .
 I 'm not frugal , just differently incomed , and I 'm really glad I got this stand instead of a cheaper one . It 's sturdy and has a clean design and I love that it 's open underneath to accommodate sitting . The fact that it ships with no instructions tells you all you need to know
 This is a great stand for heavier synthesizers , organs , and audio/video equipment . Very adjustable for any configuration or any sized player , seated or standing -LRB- or even standing on a box -RRB- . Adjustable width/height , folds into a compact size . Includes 2 adhesive foam strips to protect equipment from the all-metal frame of the stand . Holes on back to add 2nd tier are great . Have already ordered 2nd tier to make a complete multi-tier stand that supports up to 230 pounds -LRB- 100 + kilograms -RRB- for less than $ 115 .
 I bought 3 and 2 are still straight and stable . This stand will hold together better than the old Stone brand stand that I replaced it with . Do n't lean hard on it to put strain on the welded spots underneath . If presure is applied straight down only , this stand bears the weight of my heaviest keyboards , and if not abused , it will last a lifetime .
 This infinitely adjustable stand is perfect for keyboards of many sizes . The legs spread far enough for even the most lively of legs . The top portion can adjust for the smallest keyboard to an 88 key instrument . Each leg can adjust in height so that if the floor is uneven -LRB- outdoor venue , etc. -RRB- you can make it level . It can also be fully collapsible which makes for easy travel . All in all , a great little stand which does n't cost a fortune .
 The original box had a section torn out . Scratches on the legs where the box was damaged . The shipping box that held the original item was undamaged which means the unit was shipped in a damaged condition . Can not seem to leave `` seller feedback '' on this item . Notified Amazon of packaging issue with photos.Otherwise the stand is what I expected and will do the job nicely -- holding lap steel guitar . This is the best inexpensive , but solid , platform for the lap steel . Will add velcro to keep the lap steel from sliding.Would have given 5 stars if not for the damages found.Addition
 I needed a different stand than the X one that my son had originally purchased for his keyboard . I could not get my legs under the keyboard because I am used to playing a regular piano and that is how I use the keyboard . This stand works perfectly for putting the keyboard at piano height and plenty of room underneath for my legs . If you use this standing up it would also work because the height is adjustable . Also , this is very sturdy stand . Does not wobble around .
 YOu call it an Eb clarinet , but the picture is of a Bb clarinet . I just want to make sure I know what I 'm buying . Please fix !
 This is a very bright sounding PU . Really close to the early 70 thru The Wall Pink Floyd tone . Now is easier to get closer to the tones like on Dark Side of the Moon , etc. . . Get it ...
 Perfect strAt sound , quality build , quality wires , great instructions ; good packaging . Requires soldering knowledge , however it was n't hard to do
 I have a Martin acoustic guitar without a built in amplifier . There are times it 's needed and started researching new or used acoustic/electric guitars . A few things happened . 1 -RRB- Could n't find a guitar that sounded as good as my Martin 2 -RRB- The price of a new guitar was beyond what I was willing to pay and 3 -RRB- I did n't want to have two guitars . So ... what to do . Heard about sound hole amps and started researching . Bought a name brand at a guitar store and just did n't like the sound . Research and reviews led me to this Seymour Duncan SA-6 . Did n't like the price and no discounts anywhere . Finally decided to give it a try through Amazon to save taxes and free shipping . Have not been disappointed . Easy to install . I did not install permanently to the pick up jack so I can remove it later . It 's a little unhandy with the cords from the sound hole , but routed to my guitar strap and not a big deal . I play using a Roland AC-33 Acoustic Amp and like the sound . I am not a professional player and mostly play for my own enjoyment , with friends and occasional coffee house . Perhaps there are better sound hole amps , but for about $ 225 this works very well for me and I now only need one guitar . There are individual string adjustments that I do n't use . I like the two volume adjustment on the sound hole without having to go back to the amp . If you 're looking for a sound hole amp , give the Seymour Duncan SA-6 a try , I do n't think you 'll be disappointed .
 I installed this in my Martin and it absolutely sounds great through a normal PA. . The pickup very closely replicates the sound of the guitar when not plugged in and gives you volume . I have a couple acoustic/electric guitars -LRB- guild , martin , so high quality -RRB- and these do n't even compare to the seymore duncan/Martin when plugged into the same PA. . You can also plug it into an electric guitar amp for some cool effects . The versatility and sound of this pickup far exceed the price tag .
 This is a great slide . I have about 4 others that I use but the JP Boneyard is quickly becoming # 1 . This slide comes in different sizes but I went with the large/long . At first it felt a bit too large but now that I 'm used to it I do n't know if I would want the smaller size.The boneyard is also nice looking so you feel like you 're working with a high quality tool .
 I 've only recently started playing slide.I have dabbled using both glass and metal slides , but found this porcelain one to be the best all around for me.Nice fit , no slipping and the sound is phenominal on both electric and acoustic.Try one and you 'll see .
 I like playing the slide on my 12-string acoustic guitar and I have tried different materials . This one is by far * the best * I ever purchased.It is basically a porcelain one but its sound and comfort are unique to me ; I loved it since the first time I used it.Finally , I got the perfect control and sustain , very bluesy.The inner surface is rough - it never gets slippery - and it is light so I can wear it during the whole session.This is the one I use when I jam , I trust it . It just works .
 I performed a solo from this book for Sterling Scholar Night , and it went really well ! The downside -LRB- if any -RRB- is the sheer level of expertise required for an accompanist to play any of these parts of to tempo , so make sure it 's planned well in advance .
 I have an alto saxophone , and this keeps it clean and playing well . Good buy and good price . But you make the choice .
 This product worked well for my child . The music teacher was even swayed to purchase from this method for her personal usage as well .
 As a child I fell in love with Barry Manilow . . his music . . lyrics . . the way he sang a song . Although I 'm now an adult and my musical tastes have broadened considerably , I still appreciate all that Barry gave and gives to his music . I 've always loved his first three albums , in particular . . and this one tops my list for `` Could it Be Magic '' alone . `` One of These Days '' , `` Oh My Lady '' , `` Sweet Life '' and `` I am Your Child '' are among the standouts in my opinion . . as much for the heartfelt way Barry sings them as for anything else . This may have been his first album . . and produced even earlier than I had realized -LRB- 1972 -RRB- . . but it is by no means a sad effort . I recently ordered the CD version , having lost my vinyl to a flood years back . . and I ca n't wait to hear it , again . For simple , heartfelt melodies , Barry 's your man .
 This is the first record I ever owned - holiday gift when I was 7 years old . I love it for the memories , I suppose , but to look at it objectively I would say this
 track 9 `` Flashy Lady '' is probably the most Manilow has come to having rock music on his albums -LCB- except a 1981 song called `` Wild Places '' on his box set that was n't issued on any of his albums because his producer was scared at the public reaction !! -RCB- . anyway , track 9 is my favorite because it 's so different from what you 'd expect . `` One of these Days '' is my second favorite . I love it 's country feel -LCB- this whole album has a country-flavor to it and that 's why most people here have a hard time listening to it -RCB- . `` Seven More Years '' deals with a guy in prison . `` Sweetwater Jones '' is a sing-a-long song as is `` Cloudburst '' . The only hit , `` Could It Be Magic ? '' , is track 7 . This album came out in 1972 but was re-released in 1975 after the success of `` Mandy '' and ` BARRY MANILOW II '' ... and ` BARRY MANILOW I ' as a result became as big a hit as it 's follow-up ... which was something rare at the time .
 My first introduction to Barry Manilow was when I was about ten years old . I was taking piano lessons and practicing Chopin 's Prelude in C minor , Op. 28 , No. 20 . Dad came walking in saying , `` So you 're playing Barry Manilow , huh ? '' I had absolutely no clue who he was talking about - at ten years of age , I was more into Star Wars and Legos than pop music . Nevertheless , it was a tune that Dad would constantly request and Barry Manilow became a household name for me . That same year , Mom bought me a pop book that had Mandy in it - another favorite of Dad 's that he continually requested.Barry 's debut album , released in 1973 by Bell Records , did n't sell very well . In fact , it was n't until 1974 , with the release of the single `` Mandy , '' that `` Barry Manilow I '' was rereleased , spawning the only hit , `` Could It Be Magic . '' Unlike Barry 's mid-late 1970 's albums , this one has an immense amount of variety , including everything from swing , to pop , to country , to driving rock - Yes ! Driving rock on a Manilow album.My favorite is `` Could It Be Magic . '' It is this reviewer 's opinion that this ballad was ten years , maybe fifteen years ahead of its time . By the end of the recording , Manilow 's compiled background vocals , brass , strings , electric guitar , and a heavy drum , all driving home the climax . In fact , it 's that heavy drum was was n't immulated again until the hard rockers of the eighties began doing ballads . Compared to the original Bell recording , the only disappointment in the Arista release is that the electric guitar does n't carry any presence . It 's there , but you have to know it 's there , otherwise you might miss it . I hope that the remastered version sounds truer to the original.The best rocker on the album is `` Oh My Lady . '' Great drive and sycopation . If you get this album , really listen to the drummer . All of the fills he adds augment the melody , making this tune as fresh today as it was in 1973 . `` Flashy Lady '' is another one that has received great reviews , but I 've never cared much for the melody or the arrangement.Other personal favorites include the ballads `` I Am Your Child , '' a great self-refection piece for any parent , and `` Seven More Years , '' a song about a fellow in prison.There is n't a Barry album quite like his debut release . As he began plugging out hits , it would appear that his fan-base began to pigeon-hole him as a crooner , demanding more ballads . Due to this reputation , the 1980 's were not kind to him . Even when he 'd try to break out of the mold with hits like `` Let 's Hang On '' or `` Some Kind of Friend , '' sales began to drop - not because he was n't keeping up with the times , but because his name was n't hip . It 's really too bad because he produced some quality stuff - please see my review of his 1982 album `` If I Should Love Again . `` If you 're looking for a different side to Manilow , you wo n't be disappointed with this album . This is where his career began .
 Why has n't this album been remastered like the rest of Barry 's albums ?
 This is the first album by Barry that I got . It was actually a mistake . I was looking for a particular song and saw this album at Columbia House in about 1973-74 . I started listening to it and for some odd reason I liked it , even though it was n't the one I wanted . Barry stuck to me and still does today . Yes , even this older married guy still believes Barry is one of the best , if not the best , `` show-man '' of all time , ever ! This album is a fun album to listen to . I highly recommend adding this to your collection .
 If you collect Manilow recordings , this was the first . It has the `` Sing It '' recording of Barry as a child with his grandpa outside a recording studio . The was Barry before anyone knew who Barry was .
 This has everything my 10 year old needs to care for his trumpet . We found it pretty cheap ,
 Use it to keep my son 's trumpet in good working order . So far everything has been very useful . When it wears out I will definitely buy another .
 No corks included.Snake brush is all black . Mouthpiece brush does not have a long white plastic handle -- it is a simple wire handle . Works okay.Instructions are vague but you can find what to do online .
 This is a great kit but it 's missing the bottle for the water . It would be nice if they added it . But it was no big deal to buy it separately .
 I 've used these systems in a variety of settings - church , theater , for vocals and singing and wireless guitar . They are dependable , have good sound transmission . What else to say ? Get the Countryman headset mic if you 're doing a lot of speaking or singing . WELL worth the price -LRB- I know they 're expensive -RRB- . Easy to set up , easy to maintain . I take care of them pretty well , so do n't know how well they handle abuse , but ... you should n't abuse your sound system anyway .
 For those of you lighting people who live in the little space between the producer and the production , this is an excellent tool to have ! With one transmitter on the DMX controller -LRB- I have `` ETC 48/96 '' , `` ETC 24/48 '' , `` Chauvet DMX 70 '' , `` Chauvet Stage Designer 24 '' , American DJ and Levitron controllers -RRB- you can place a receiver on each light stand/tower and back stage . Even if you buy this unit that only has two channels and later need more channels , you can upgrade simply by purchasing the new unit -LRB- `` Chauvet D-Fi '' -RRB- and still access all of the capacity of up to six universes . I have run 41 intelligent fixtures and 34 standard/dimmer-pack units off of just this little baby right here . `` Just get power to the pole '' and this makes control a snap . The nice part is that after you are set up , you can even move your controller and it now only takes a minute max . And if you have a house that has a `` five pin DMX512 '' interface , all you do is get the adapter cable and connect to the house and put your lighting board where you please . I even have a battery pack to run some of my lighting controllers so that I can carry them around while setting-up to test all of the fixtures/scanners as I go to confirm proper operation , focus and aim!Humble RegardsThe Maintenance Man -LRB- John -RRB- -LRB-888-RRB- 893-7138
 No more stretching and taping down DMX cables.Our sets look much cleaner and set up time is reduced at every gig.Product performs flawlessly and I notice absolutely no difference than when we control our moving head lights with direct DMX cables.One of the better tech investments we 've made in a long time .
 Very happy with this product . We hold Church at middle school and need to setup and tear down every week . We now have 5 of these units - 1 transmitter and 4 receivers . Each light tree -LRB- and the house lights -RRB- has it 's own receiver so all we have to do is place the tree and plug it into the power outlet - no more long DMX cable runs from controller to tree to tree to tree ... This has greatly simplified our setup.One note about the picture/model number posted . The unit all the vendors seem to be shipping is the DFI-Plus instead of the pictured unit . The DFI-Plus is not compatible with the unit pictured -LRB- per Chauvet technical support -RRB- . Maybe Amazon or the vendors can fix this.Another nice thing we discovered about this unit is that if the transmitter goes down for whatever reason , the receiver will continue to send the last DMX signal down the line .
 I bought this kit to clean my older violin as well as maintain my new one - it does a fine day-to-day job . The cleaner and polish cloth are quite nice and fit handily into the accessory compartment . The rosin was a nice touch - though it 's a bit darker than most starter rosin , so be prepared to have to work on this cake a bit more than you would on lighter rosins . The fingering dots were also useful -LRB- at least in the short term -RRB- . The only part I found to be useless was the `` slim softie shoulder pad '' - I simply ca n't ever imagine using this . I suppose in a pinch it could be used , but it does very little to actually boost the violin up to a comfortable level . Still a good value though , as it 's worth the ten bucks just for everything else that the kit comes with .
 I saw these sticks at the drum shop one day and thought I 'd give them a shot . It turned out that they are the best sticks I 've ever held . They play great , they feel right in my hands , there is n't much about these sticks that I do n't like . They 're inexpensive , they 're durable , what 's not to like ? I 'd recommend these to anyone who is used to using a 5B stick .
 We bought this to hold our media server as well as a router for our house . Great size , easy to install and very sturdy .
 Its a 1 unit space rack shelf . Arrived as advertised . Very sturdy , does n't take up much room in the rack , just an all around good buy.My purpose with the shelf is for mounting a few guitar stompboxes in my rack . Works perfectly for that . Very durable metal , I believe it would be capable of holding up a good amount of weight . I would suggest buying this shelf.Wish I could say more but at the end of the day , its just a piece of metal with screw holes in it that you can sit things on . : / But I can say its not as cheaply made as some shelves I have seen .
 Some inexpensive rack shelves are made with too light a gauge metal , and will bend at the flanges when loaded ... this one seems to be working well ... recommended . It 's very shallow , however , so make sure you know what depth you need for what 's sitting on it .
 I like this art . My brother in law , is from Ghana and I think him and my sister would love this .
 I never met a mic stand I liked ! I know you have the same problem . No ? Then your not a working musician ... Atlas stands are really the only stands that do n't break . I kid you not ! the only problem is they 're super heavy so they 're only practical in the studio . oh well ...
 I usually use glass but I like this one 's slightly messy tone . It 's a little bit long and I 'd have appreciated a more rounded and polished tip .
 Finally , my 6 ' 3 '' son can stand up straight when practicing ! It has the expected Manhasset quality - just taller .
 I bought this because I often have musicians over who stand while playing -LRB- violinists and oboists -RRB- but I did n't realize that it would n't descend to a normal sitting height . -LRB- My own fault for not getting out a tape measure and looking at the listed heights . -RRB- I wish I had just bought the normal Manhasset stand . I ca n't really use this in chamber music contexts.Despite my own disappointment , the stand is great if you need it .
 I had n't realized how light weight this stand is . I thought the copy holder was steel , but it is obviously aluminum.I was looking for something more substantial . But it is made well and looks good .
 I really like this stand ... . it is well built and so nice that it is tall enough for me to bring the stand up to eye level . My one complaint on this stand is that if you load it too heavy -LRB- for me my windows tablet and a few books -RRB- the stand starts to fall down . I had to purchase a shaft lock separately to keep this from happening . I really think that at this price they should come with a shaft lock . Otherwise a very nice stand and with the shaft lock it is awesome .
 This stand is nice and durable , everything as described . It accomodates tall people such as &#62; 6ft , but if you are short , you might have problem using it sitting down , since it does n't go too low . Overall it is nice and durable .
 My son uses this for practicing violin at home . The extra height is great since his old fold up stand was becoming too short when he practices while standing . Well built and stable as you would expect from Manhasset .
 This is just like the stands we had at schoolWhen I was in band 30 years ago they were virtually indestructable . This does have a plastic bushing at the top where the music tray swivels but no problems so far very pleased . I am 6 ' 3 '' and stand to play guitar and I have bifocals I very pleased with the positioning of the music . I got the accessory shelf with it very cool accessory for pics tuner pencil capo
 Excellent quality , very pleased with this item . Put together very easily and is very sturdy . I would recommend this item .
 Long awaited -LRB- altogether too long -RRB- , but worth it . This is a major improvement over version 2.5 , and , quite frankly , is in my opinion the only real option for large scale -LRB- ie . symphonic -RRB- sampling work . By my estimation , its improved ram handling allows you to load about 33 % more samples on your system - and it load thems very quickly ! What before might have taken ten minutes , now takes less than one.The inclusion of Gigapulse can not be overemphasized - it is astonishing , the best convolution reverb I have heard . No need for anything else once you have this.The new piano included is also a nice piece of work - in fact , it is better than most piano libraries available commercially . A shame they did n't decide to sample a concert grand -LRB- of the Steinway , Bosendorfer , or Fazioli variety -RRB- , but it can be applied to many different uses.A must have for the serious composer.P.S.There can be some problems when first installing , but these can be overcome in virtually all cases . Frustrating yes , but the rewards are too great to ignore .
 I bought a set of timpani for myself , needed new heads , shopped around and the cheapest price I could find was on amazon .
 this guitar has some serious critics on the web , but im here to say even without the drone strings , this is a fun instrument . apperently the electric sitar has been around for decades , and there have been dif models of dif quality . i think rogue has a winner here . its all due to the bridge , which performs a controled buzz , which makes the six string part of this instrument sound just like a sitar . run it through a tube amp and a nice distortion pedal -LRB- bigg muff -RRB- and maybe a phaser , the sound is amazing . tuning issues and novelty come to mind , but agian , it sounds just like a sitar , it is almost hypnotic , very easy to play , and just fun . goggle the gotoh bridge , i also checked out sum video of people playing thier electric sitar on youtube before i bought mine , very cool sound that can not be obtained through effects.the drone strings tune fine , and in time im sure ill use them more , it has its own volume control , i do wish this part of the guitar had the gotoh bridge , but it would have made it much more expensive . . also , while not very attractive , the body design is excellent , very comfortable , a pefect fit when sitting down , makes it easier to play for long lengths of time .
 If you 're looking to add a little `` Eastern Flavor '' to your mix , you could n't do much better than this . I did n't give it 5 stars because , lets face it , it 's not a high end instrument . But you do get your moneys worth -- every penny and then some . If you want to put some 60 's Sound in your tool kit , this is probably the best buy you 'll find for that Beatles & Stones feel.Let 's be realistic . It 's not going to give you the jangle of a 12 string Rickenbacker . But on the other hand it is n't meant to . And it 's a lot easier on your wallet , and almost as versatile . Nothing sounds like a 12 string Ric , but a 12 string Ric . Then again , nothing else sounds like an electric sitar either , including a 12 string Ric . And for the money this is a great recreation of the of Coral Electric Sitar . Are there better ones out there ? Maybe , but for less than half the price , this one fills the bill for me . If I need more than this , I 'll get a real sitar.I did break a drone string attempting the recommended tuning , but you have to expect to do some tuning when you play any sitar . I have 18 more to play with , so I wo n't miss it for a while.I finally figured out the harp tuning for Steve Millers , Wild Mountain Honey . I still haven replaced that broken drone string , but I do n't miss it , and it gives me some idea where I am when tuning . From high to low I have a group of 7 and a group of 5 , with a tuning of , in descending order ... ED #C #BG #F #ED #EC #B
 I 'm really impressed with this guitar . When I saw the price I thought that is was going to be a kind of `` is worst to have nothing '' , but it turned out to be a beauty . Last month I was doing a pop production for `` Chetes `` and we needed something to sound like a sitar , and I did n't wanted to use synths , so we ordered it through Amazon.Don ' t let it 's price fool you , the guitar is noiseless , allowing you to obtain a clear and present sound . The tuning is very good , which is extremly important in recording any guitar , and the sound color is quite even throughout the scale . But the best thing is that this little thing realy sounds `` sitarish '' . The only difficult part is tuning the resonant strings , you realy need to spend sometime tuning them , either cromaticaly or to the notes of the song , but it realy is worth the effort . This product was for me like discovering a treasure.Potro Farias .
 The eMedia piano keyboard and software are great ! I like it that I get a grade for each song I play -- I keep practicing until my grades are in the 90 's . I have always wanted to learn the piano ; it 's hard to learn a new instrument and learn to read music at my age -LRB- I 'm old -RRB- , but I do n't take it personally when the computer grade is low , I just keep practicing . There is one problem , though -- you ca n't play this keyboard without a Midi-to-USB cable , which does n't come with the keyboard . You have to pay more and order it separately from the company . It comes with a serial joystick cable , but my computer does n't have a serial joystick port . We bought a generic midi-to-USB cable at Radio Shack , but it did n't work with the keyboard . They tell me that newer computers just do n't have serial joystick ports . So , if you are anxious to get started , order the cable at the same time as the keyboard , to save time .
 I having so much fun ! Ca n't wait to sit down to play - and then have to tear myself away . I do n't know if I hooked up smething wrong , but the keyboard was unpredictable -- sometimes I would get sound of it and sometmes not . I cured the problem by hooking my computer up to an inexpensive digital keyboard that I purchased , and now all is well . I would highly recommend the software to everyone !
 There are those who prefer the Switchcraft XLR connector over these due to better resistance to deforming or breaking when dropped or smashed . If you are very hard on mic cables , you may be better off not using these connectors . But the ease of installation and overall excellent design of the Neutrik connectors are hard to beat . Just try not to whack them on concrete floors or run fork trucks over them .
 I 'm 21 female and wanted to learn the electric guitar . This is my very first guitar and i think it was great and very worth the price . In someone else comment on this item they said there 's supose to be a book to come with and there is on the actual CD it has a web site for you to go to and down load the book for FREE . This is agreat price for all that it includes . The instructions on the cd are fantastic . I was exspecting to be disappointed but im very pleased with the quality of the starter pack . Yes it might be made cheap but if you take care of it like you should then you 'll be just fine and if its your very first guitar its better to get a cheap one first to make sure your gon na still be intrested in playing down the road you do n't want to waste alot of money on something you might get frustrated with and not want to play any more .
 This is a stratocaster clone essentially ; For the price it ` sreally worth it . The neck did n't `` dent easily '' nor did the tremelobar `` snap '' . It 's obvious that these things would happen if the guitarwere intentionally abused . As far as I 'm concerned , this is a greatbeginner 's guitar . Once you 've mastered it , go on to a Dean Dime BagLightening pack from -LSB- ... -RSB- or a Fender stratocaster starterpack availible on this website.Yes , this site DOES carry Fender products . You just got ta look.Footnote
 I have been very pleasantly pleased with this guitar . It stays in tune and sounds very good for the price . This is a very good entry level guitar as well as a nice practice guitar for a more advanced player . The finish is very nice as well as the neck , frets and headstock . Truly a nice guitar especially when you consider all the extras included
 This is an excellent guitar package for the price , a little over a hundred dollars with shipping and handeling . The guitar sounds good and I have n't had any problems with it . The amp is small but this is more for practicing at home and not for playing at concerts . You also get a carrying bag for the guitar , 2 picks , a strap , pitch pipe , a cable for the amp and a dvd . Now I do have some minor complaints , first I 'm not exactly sure how to use the amp properly it just comes with a piece of paper that briefly describes what the knobs do . Also the guy on the dvd is so boring to watch and it seems that this dvd is supposed to come with a book because he keeps telling you to look at the book.So if you want a guitar and learn to play it but you do n't have much cash then I would highly reccomend this product to you and buy a guitar learning book with a cd or dvd while you 're at it .
 I ordered this product for my church band . It has shipped in time and was the product they showed on the web . I could purchase this item in the local store at $ 35 without tax for church but amazon was cheaper a little bit . I had enough time to wait so I ordered this here to save money . The product works well and as it is this is not a professional level DI but a standard . We have many for instruments and are satisfied . In comparison to its price it 's very good in quality .
 I bought the EDBI direct box to use in my gym . I 'm a PE teacher and have a nice PA system and the EDB1 allows me plug my ipod directly into the sound system . I love it !
 Overall I am very satisfied with this DI Box . It gives me the ability to run my acoustic through the PA , clean crisp sound .
 I was skeptical about this direct box because of the attractive price , but figured I 'd give it a shot . I 've used it for acoustic guitar and drums , and it has performed great in both applications . Very strong , sturdy box with ground or ground lift settings . Plugs have do n't move when inserting 1/4 '' or XLR . I Highly recommend this box if you 're looking for a good deal !
 No issues at all . Clean DI and cheaper than a lot of others . All of the standard options including ground lift and pad .
 I needed to connect the headphone jack from a laptop to an amplifier in a public address system through a mic wall jack . This unit does the job very well and eliminates distortion .
 I read the other review here and sure enough it shows up in a bag with no instructions . But , I figured out how to get it apart . You unscrew it . Might seem a bit obvious , but it will feel a little crunchy which will make you want to stop and not destroy the switch . You 're probably feeling the feature that prevents it from unthreading later in life , but it does just unthread . I 'm going to figure out which pin goes where by analyzing the cord end I 'll replace . Seems like a well made product .
 The product is perfect if you do n't have an on/off switch on your mic . But , no instructions came with the product & I could ` nt figure out how it comes apart to solder the wires for attachment -LRB- usually no problem -RRB- . I had to send it out to a professional which cost me another $ 13.00 for the work . All in all , I saved about $ 5.00 from purchacing a chord with it already attached . Not worth the hassle ! Good product though .
 My days of playing the guitar started in 1964 . My first acoustic guitar that I purchased was a Martin D-40 series . Over the years I have added to my collection of acoustics and dobros . Out of the box and tuned this acoustic performed like a high dollar acoustic . By upgrading the strings it brought new life into this fine Yamaha acoustic guitar.It has a deep sweet tone and excellent resonance . This guitar is worth three times more then the selling price . With age the Spruce top will mature and sound deeper making the tone deep and consistant . From the novice to the professional you will enjoy playing this sweet Classical acoustic guitar .
 This guitar is very well made and looks great . It has a very nice sound and is easy to play . This would make anyone a great beginner guitar .
 For as inexpensive as this guitar is , it 's a beautiful instrument . I got it because my very first guitar , when I was 14 , was a Yamaha c40a . This guitar plays beautifully and resonates better than any more expensive guitar I 've owned . It took me a little while to acclimate to the wide neck again , but now that I have it makes it so much easier to practice scales and arpeggios . I would definitely recommend this guitar to anyone starting out or even to someone that 's been playing for a while .
 I decided to take up the guitar and started looking for an instrument to buy . I soon became aware that I did not know how to choose a good instrument . I was lucky to find help from a friend who is an accomplished musician and expert guitar player . We went out looking for instruments and he tried many instruments at various places . Finally we found a pawn shop near Lake Worth , FL . Where he played at least 8 instruments until I found this case in a corner . It contained a used Yamaha C40 . When he picked it up and started to tune it and play it , he smiled and said `` this is the one '' . I picked it up for $ 50 including tax ... . After a new set of strings this guitar sounds very nice . The sound is strong and clear , the action is perfect and the finish is quite good , especially for a used guitar . I see now that it sells new for less than $ 150 , this is a great instrument for twice that price . My friend assured me that the guitar we found was quite a fine instrument and compares well with guitars costing much more . My Yamaha C40 is a great instrument so I would say there is a good chance that these are all well made , good instruments . Of course , every guitar is different so try it before you buy it .
 I was unable to find this at any music stores locally , as I was told it was discontinued in lieu of a newer version . Shipping was fast , and the light was quality !
 This is a good amp . Lots of power in a small package . We were looking for one with a lot of power , and this was it . The price was great , the shipping was fast , and the packaging was secure .
 This is an unbeatable product at this price point . No , it 's not a Marshal/Peavy tube flame thrower from 1976 , but it is a very nice practice amp , good beginner 's amp , and a very solid item at a great price . The shipping is very fair . My son is learning to play and he and I have already enjoyed multiple hours of good times , good music , and great moments together . It has two inputs , and is dual channel although it is not advertised as such . A reverb . effect is an option . It is hard to make a mistake on this amp , unless you are planning to go on tour next week with Maroon Five ... even then , they might have a couple of these babies on the bus ! Very strong amp at the right price .
 I bought this for my 7 y.o. daughter to hook her micropohone and electric guitar up to . She loves to make music and this is definitely a hit . Sounds pretty good -LRB- not as good as the Fender I use , but it 's a lot less $ -RRB- , and the best part is the full set of dual inputs . That ` shard to find in this price range , and almost impossible in an amp with this much kick . She loves it , I could afford it , and we are happy ... However , there is still the matter of the loose bit of something rattling around inside it . You see , it came in the manufacturer 's box , and that is not the problem . The folks at Amazon put the big -LRB- 36 lb ! -RRB- box it came in into a bigger box and did not use anywhere NEAR enough packing material to stop it from shifting around a LOT during shipping . The big box was almost completely destroyed and had in fact burst wide open -LRB- only a single strip of tape held it together on both the top and the bottom -- woefeully inadequate -RRB- before it made it to me due to the terrible packing job Amazon did . The fact that I took it out of the box , plugged it in and it worked fine is testament alone to the fact that this must be a decent unit -LRB- no idea what the rattling thing inside the amp is -- it is only evident when you pick it up and tild it ... then you hear it roll ... -RRB- . Reccomended item , but I hope yours ships in better packaging than mine did . Good value for the price .
 OK . First i am sondra 's 12 year old son.This amp is very good and can definitely reach 800 watts , but the distortion -LRB- on mine -RRB- gave only a super little distortion that was pretty hard to notice -LRB- but the good thing is that if you have a distortion pedal or something like a BOSS GT-8 , like me , you will be ok -RRB- . it did n't have the grey middle , it was just black , but i like the black look better.THIS IS A VERY GOOD AMP BUT I THINK I WAS THE ONLY ONE TO WRITE A REVIEW ABOUT NOT HAVING DISTORTION , SO BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK IF U DONT HAVE A PEDAL OR BOSS GT-8 RELATED THING.GREAT AMP GREAT AMP GREAT AMP !!!
 This is for theDunlop Trigger Banjo Capo , BlackI use this for a ukulele , and it is a decent capo . It works . I park it on the headstock of my ukulele , and it is easy to add , move , remove . With the trigger-type release , it makes it one of the easiest quick-change capos I 've used . It feels sturdy enough -LRB- lightweight aluminum -RRB- . My only complaint is how the trigger part is underneath the neck , which gets in the way with some chords -LRB- E7 or F# m -RRB- but not a tremendous burden . Also , the padding that goes against the back of the neck seems a bit hard for a relatively new capo . With my other uke capo , aKyser Banjo/Mandolin Capo , the trigger portion sticks upwards , and never gets in the way . However , the Dunlop is eligible for Amazon Prime , whereas the Kyser is not.For the price and quality , this Dunlop Banjo capo works . Highly recommended.Oh , and Amazon.com , please change the Product Description for this item .
 quick to put on and take off . a must have for churches , or for playing for different singers . highly recommend this capo
 It works . Get 's less in the way of my left hand then when I use a guitar capo . Fine product . Would be great to find one made in America though . Pretty easy to go American with your strings . You 'll be glad you did .
 This capo works well . It 's easy to slip on and a off , and it holds its position well .
 What is up with the product features ??????????????? They dont even go with this product . Maby they should pay more attention !!!!!!!! but it is a very nice capo with a strong spring for good fretting.easy on easy off .
 I liked the price tag on this item , and all in all am satisfied with it . I do , however , wish it had overdrive . Other than than everything was good .
 was stoked with the price come new opend it up was really happy turned it on turned master and reg volume all the way up and wanted to cry my acoustic guitar un amped was louder was kinda upset then adusted the trble and such and got a lot louder still not 400 watts rms is 60 maybe i have a drive cd200r witch this pyrmid barley beats and the drive is only a 20 watter this amp thoe is not all bad dose pretty well with lo volume bands was pleased that had a line out option so i hooked it into my drive amp and wired it out to a old concert speker i have and made a min stack and make the volume a little more barble but who wants to carry two amps bolted toghter and a seprate 20lbs speker box around to a show besides being bulky and not pro looking it ok to sit in our pratice spot and for rehersales thats about it and maybe a lol volume gig so i give it four stars cuz of line out being able to make it more barlble as a stack other then that this is maybe 40 watts at best and for pratice or warm up only i 'd say
 Its a smaller amp and produces well enough but not for a big band use or anything.Overall a good product .
 Not bad for the price , but there are two main problems I had with this keyboard . First , the velocity -LRB- touch -RRB- sensitivity is mediocre . It has three levels of sensitivity you can dial up , soft , medium , and hard . At soft , you go through the entire range from quiet to loud with very little force on the keyboard . Fair enough . The problem is that with the medium setting , you ca n't make it through the entire range from quiet to loud no matter how hard you hit the keys . And the hard setting is even worse . It 's as if there is a limit to the amount of force the keyboard can interpret . It 's quite frustrating if you are trying to work on dynamics . If you do n't care about dynamics , it 's not an issue.The other problem is the speakers . On mine , playing a `` G '' on the keyboard is significantly louder than any other note through the speakers . This is easily solved by using headphones , but it would be nice to have better balanced speakers.A minor issue is that you ca n't adjust the levels of the tracks on the sequencer . So the sequencer is pretty much useless to me.Otherwise , the range of sounds is fantastic . It 's a decent General MIDI synth for connecting to a computer via MIDI . The metronome is handy for practicing . It takes 6 D-cells which is great when the power goes out -LRB- which it does a lot where I am , so it 's still my backup keyboard when that happens -RRB- . The accompaniments cover a very wide range of styles and genres . It 's a fun keyboard , but I would n't recommend it beyond 6 months of piano lessons . Good for complete beginners , or for getting someone interested in music .
 Not a concert DVD but an instructional one that comes off very entertaining as well . Brian `` The Auge '' Auger is the preeminent practitioner of the modern Hammond organ and he has not lost ANY of his chops over the years.A must see DVD !!!
 I probably should wait a little longer before I write the review . I may be able to offer a little more insight when I have had more time to digest the material -LRB- s -RRB- within the DVD.The DVD will definitely inspire any aspiring Hammond player . It is saturated with interesting technique and crystal clear examples of exceptional Hammond playing . Some of his work is hard to follow but this DVD is not necessarily for an entry level musician . The more you know about music the more you will get out of this DVD .
 When I first purchased my Copley 5-string I had a couple reservations . I had n't heard anything about the company so therefore had little to go on . As soon as it arrived my mind was put at ease . Great craftsmanship combined with quality materials make this one of the sweetest sounding 5-string basses I 've heard . Tons of sustain & heaps of crunchy deep tones . After having it a couple months , I decided to strip the entire guitar and go with a natural wood finish . I also decided to remove the frets while I was at it , since I prefer to play only fretless . All in all ... money well spent ! Copley offered a very high quality product which I modified to meet my preferences .
 This item is perfect for the Luna Henna Oasis that I recently bought . The website I bought the guitar from did n't carry this case , so I found one on here . It 's much more sturdy that I thought it would be . It 's very practical and great for transporting my instrument . I know it is well protected , plus there is room for all my gear in the compartment and zip pouch . LOVE IT !
 I bought this case for my Luna Phoenix Acoustic Electric guitar . It has a plush velvet interior with a nice velvet pad that goes across the guitar body . This is a backpack case which is great for travel or just walking around . It has a very generous front pocket for songbooks , etc. . Just make sure to pick the right case for your guitar . Luna offers several styles to fit different models and it is a very snug fit , so do some research and get the right case .
 I have to say , this product worked out great for a gig I had ... It was convenient having the box , the only thing on the stage and not having to run numerous amounts of cables from the board to the stage .
 I had been looking at guitars for a while for a hobby , but passed them up because i did n't want to pay the price for something I might not use much . But , this year I finally got one , picking up this model at closeout at a nationwide retailer . I have had it a week , and Comparing it to other entry models available -LRB- first act , some yamaha 's -RRB- , there seems to be more quality to the construction . it also came with a poster , signed number card and guitar , as well as the strap and picks . Listing at 199.99 new , this is a great bargin here on amazon , and it has decent sound . I just have to learn to play mine better , and computer programs are available here on amazon as well . Great instrument for beginners .
 I bought one of these on clearance for $ 50 at target , got home with it , and it was buzzing a ton . Being a total newbie to electric guitars , i searched some online guides and eventually realized that the truss was way out of whack -LRB- overly tight -RRB- . After loosening it extensively , it now works fine . It holds a tune fairly well -LRB- not great -RRB- , and I 'm happy with it for a first electric guitar.Quality - 4/5Ease of use on initial setup - 2/5Coolness factor 5/5 -LRB- hey , its a brown electrical guitar , whats not cool about that ? -RRB- I probably should figure out who Mike Kennerty is next .
 I have owned many guitars over thirty years , and this one sounds unique . It was a used guitar with a missing string and a broken strap , but when I put a set of fender original nickel wound strings on it , and lowered the action through its individually adjustable strings , it rings out crystal clear , like the pealing of church bells.The previous owner had over tightened the strings and set it up poorly , but when properly adjusted it can sound like the best guitar you ever bought.I do n't know who the hell Mike Kennerty is or who the All American Rejects are , but I do know his signature series guitar can stand some abuse . Good solid construction , great for a beginner .
 Jingles are bright , melodious , and loud . Fiberskyn sounds great , like a professional drum head , and looks appealing , speckled much like real goatskin . The fiberskyn seems so much better quality than the iridescent or white Remo tambourines I have borrowed from friends , which have a plastic feel and sound to them.Wondering if you should get single or double row jingles ? Consider that double stretches your hand out more with the wider band , and double jingle tambourines are heavier and demand more on your wrists , and the volume is definitely louder .
 I 've been playing Zildjian cymbals for over 20 years and I 've never had a problem with them , nor have I ever had to replace them . I bought this cymbal to add some more color to my cymbal selection . I have a Platinum 20-inch China Low Boy which I use as a crash-ride and I wanted another another China that I could use for a crash.Now you 're probably saying , `` Why buy a cymbal mail order ? You have n't played it ! '' I had played this model of cymbal at a local music store and I have found that Zildjian produces a very consistent sounding product . The cymbal I purchased from Amazon sounds virtually the same as the one I tried in the local music store.I 'm very happy with the purchase and the 18-inch FX Oriental China Trash is a great addition to my drum kit .
 It may be called a china Trash , but it is anything but trash . Great sounding little unit . Zildjian makes great cymbals and you ca n't go wrong with them .
 We got one of these for my late father-in-law a number of years ago , and now it has come back to us . None of us know the `` right '' way to play it , but it has a lovely , layered sound that is delightful just to play any old way . It 's a lovely intrument .
 This harmonica was very hard to find . After unsuccessful internet searchs , I found it on Amazon.com . The price was dead on for what I expected . This was a gift for my Mother-In-Law and she started crying when she opened it . She played music for our family Christmas get-together , it was beautiful!s
 These speakers are compact , good looking and inexpensive . The sound is not exactly top notch . But , for $ 36.00 they are a very good value . The moutning brackets , threaded knobs and clip in wiring make them a snap to install . I would recommend these speakers for a patio , poarch or boat .
 Wow , bought these off ebay for about the same price a year ago ; I was going to use them as Studio Monitors for my home recording studio , but instead used them on my 5.1 surround system . I do n't think I have heard a better sounding speaker for the $ $ $ . I am using w/cheap subwoofer and the sound is amazing ! Lots of full sound that seems to come out of nowhere ! For such smaller speakers , these pups put out a ton of sound . I highly recommend them .
 Using two pairs for my Pioneer surround sound home entertainment system , they deliver good full-spectrum sound at a reasonable price . The speakers themselves are not capable of giving the powerful bass response I wanted , so I added in a powered sub-woofer -LRB- see my review of the Pyle-Pro Amp -RRB- to complete the sound . The five speakers together sound better than great - they sound awesome ! And these little speakers can handle all the power my room , and my ears , can take!Mounted at about 36 inches above the floor , these speakers in black are relatively small , sound great , and they are almost unnoticeable . At 6 `` x9 `` x5 '' they are bigger than speakers used for PC sound systems , but they really can take the power when the volume is cranked up.Each speaker has the standard red/black bare wire mounts in the back , so they are not for use directly from an iPod ; you have to have an amp or receiver.I 'm using the flimsy screw-into-the-wall mounting brackets that come with the speakers , but the brackets work fine . I discarded the wimpy speaker wire that comes with them and am using monster -LRB- 16 gauge -RRB- speaker wire.Recommended for cost and quality .
 What can I say , they 're cheap and I would n't evven think of turning up the volume to high to check their limits.The range is good , sound is excellent , they 're responsive and they 're cheap.CP
 The speakers arrived well wrapped and protected.Have placed them in the correct postion closer to my ear height and also insulated againest vibration using gel pads . Once this was done i listen to the excellent quality of the sound , clear and abling me to hear instruments i have not heard before.This is a small compact and very powerful speaker which is affordable and passes the sound quality you would except at this price.Anyone after a great speaker for the money buy these and you well be pleasantly surprised .
 This speakers are OK for mid and highs , not for bass tones , i purchased this along with an active subwoofer and together they sound awesome , load and clear , no distortion or anything like that , specially love that they are small and fits everywhere .
 Speakers arrived as expected and in great condition . Connection was simple . Had them up and running in minutes . Others have complained about sound quality . These are basic bookcase speakers . Do n't expect Bose quality .
 I needed some small bookshelf type speakers for a plasma monitor I had . I did n't want to spend a ton of $ $ so I found these on Amazon . The reviews were decent so I took a chance . Heck , for $ 30 , I figured I could n't go wrong . Well , it worked out great ! The little guys do the job nicely ! Go ahead and buy if you need them for audio reinforcement . Its worth it .
 This Program is great for any child who has a love for music ! The simple icons , and easy intructions make it easy for anyone to create their own music ! You can add instuments , Sound effects , your own voice , or something pre-recorded . They have many choices of instuments , and patterns so you will never get bored ! I got the program from my brother , and when I saw the ages 6-10 on the box , I was like oh yeah , this will be a lot of fun ... but I was wrong ! I am 15 and I LOVE this program ! Sonic Foundry does it again ! I love those guys !
 this is the best music making program ever , ive made some tunes and written lyrics , and ive made a demo tape for a record company , they are actually interested in me ! and i dont need a bass player , guitarist , or drummer
 My 7 year old daughter and I both enjoy making music w / this program . Looper is very easy to learn ; it took us about 10 minutes to become trackmasters . My kid especially likes creating tracks using her own voice and household sounds and adding them to the songs.I suspose it could be considered educational , but you are not actually learning music per se . You are learning production techniques . Buy it becasue is fun !
 My 4 yr old daughter and 8 year old son LOVE this program . It is easy to use yet has enough sophistication to interest older kids . I just love that my kids are creating music and can experiment with what makes an interesting song . Super Duper Music Looper makes it easy to create fun catchy music . You can also record your own voice and mix that in as well . In an age where kids want to spend too much time playing mindless computer games , I am always delighted to see them use this software -LRB- and sometimes , even their mom even gets to play with it ! -RRB- .
 This is an amazing new kids music creation programs ! Not only can you create incredibly fresh music with the provided sounds that come with the program , but it also lets you incorporate your own instruments or vocals . Super Duper even allows you to e-mail a special version of the song to anyone ! You 've got to have to it ! ...
 This is a great product . Tho it can have more loops it has mant loops to choose from . We even use the product at my middle school . Its fun to use . My friends all gathered around and we made realy cool music from this 4 year old age group product . Super Duper is a great family product but is even better for TEENS ! Yeah not 10 year old but teens . You can make realy heavy music . But not to discourage the parent from buying this wonderful product . This product is # 1 on my list
 This is the best musical software ever !!!! there is an actual bank of rhythms to chose from !!! it rocks !!!!!!!!
 My daughter loves it , -LRB- she 's six -RRB- . It is a lot of fun to play with , and my daughter makes her own songs without any help from me . Then she dances around her room singing songs she makes up on the spur of the moment . A joyous thing to see.I was going to use the lottery as my retirement fund . Maybe I should just become a show business Dad.Excellent software that will help your kids understand song construction .
 I purchased a set in March of 2010 and installed them outdoors near our spa . They have worked flawlessly since then . Sound is really good and there is sufficient volume to easily hear in the entire yard , even when driven by the small ipod player I am using . Installation was very easy with included brackets . Wire connections were also simple and quick . Definitely recommend .
 I got an electronic kit off Craigslist . After a cable went out , I replaced it with the Roland cable . seems much more heavy-duty than other brands , and seems like it 's worth the extra price .
 The bag does a great job of providing added protection for my silver-finish L.A. Benge and helps guard against tarnishing . The zipper always made me a bit nervous , however . Every time I would slip the horn out of the bag or put it back in , I had to take great care because the zipper could have possibly scratched the finish . I solved the problem by removing the zipper by its stitches and simply tucking the bag underneath the horn . I purchased a similar but much larger bag for my flugelhorn and solved the zipper problem the same way . Just fold the bag over to help seal up the horn inside its hard case and there are no worries .
 As a trumpet player with a shaky financial situation in college , I 'm not able to buy a new trumpet . This bag has helped keep my current one in good shape , and I can tell the difference it 's making with my horn ! Great bag , also good if you have a gig bag and wan na keep the fuzzies off !! Buy it , it 's worth it !!
 the bells are solidly attached . they are quite loud.I use these as puppy potty training bells - much more economical than what you find in the pet section , and its not toy-looking to prevent the puppy to want to play with it .
 Purchased these for my toddler . They are great quality - nice and sturdy . Wrist strap is adjustable with velcro closure and can be sized to fit both kids and adults . Bells have a great sound . Fantastic find for the price !
 I gave this as a Christmas gift - my greatnephew loved it . That toddler loved &#34; making music &#34; all day . His older brother even wore them for a while . They jingled at every step .
 Kids love to sing Jingle Bells with REAL Jingle Bells !!! This light weight way to make Christmas singing more fun for the family was a real life saver this holiday for me . The black and silver colors make it so fun you can wear it for a night out on the town with friends to ring in the New Year . The Velcro is strong and stays put even with heavy playing . Shipping was fast , and the seller was very nice about the sale .
 I use these as doorbells for my dog to ring when she wants to go outside . If you 're looking for a quiet set of bells go elsewhere . I love that I can hear these bells upstairs , they 've held up to her occasional thrashing at them , and they look nice too .
 When I purchased these bells , I expected the bells to be smaller than they were and for them to look cheap , but I was pleasantly surpised ! They 're actually very well made . I got them to use in my homeschool music class with my 4 yr . old . The band is fastened with velcro so it 's easily adjustable and they 're large enough to be worn on the wrist or ankle and my daughter loves them !
 Length :
 Well made with great sound , I bought this kit to expand my sonic pallet for my drum kit . I hit pretty hard and this little beauty can take it , the medium sized cowbell cuts thru with a low-mid piercing ting , but is very musical and extremely fun sounding.While the tamborine is well made with sixteen sets of chimes , every bit as loud as my hi-hat and also very musical.The mounting system is well made and easy to use . I would recomend this product to any drummer or percussinest wanting to expand there kit beyond just cymbals .
 I gave it four stars because the sound quality is not the best , but for the price it 's a good buy and works well for beginning percussionists .
 Was really anxious to see if this product lived up to its description . It was shipped incredibly quickly , very nicely packaged , and was amazing when I opened it . Each item looks high-grade , professional , and has a great sound . It 's a very nice bang for your buck !!
 What a great addition to my drum kit . Quality built . Cowbell on the higher frequency spectrum , but sounds great . Placed the cowbell near my floor tom , and mounted the tambourine near the highhat .
 Very affordable and adds a bit &#34; extra &#34; to any kit ! Easy to fit - the cowbell has a good ring to it
 So far , I 've been pleased with this purchase and would recommend it , expecially considering it was relatively inexpensive . I had an old spare cymbal stand and attach the mounting bracket to it .
 It arrived quickly and is just as advertised . I was disappointed in the highest notes . With my hearing loss I cant hear them . My problem not theirs . Normal people should love it .
 I 'm a very retro/roots oriented guitar player , and I had been wanting a tremelo for a long time , so when I heard about this , I got one . Have not been disappointed . Classic 50 's / 60 's shiver , from Bo Diddley and Duane Eddy to CCR -LRB- you WILL play Born on the Bayou over and over again for hours when you first get this thing . Trust me -RRB- . I compared this to many more expensive trem pedals , such as the Boss , but overall , this thing wins hands down . I also compared it to the tremelo on a friends '66 Fender Vibro Champ . The Vibro Champ sounded a bit more warm and buttery , due to it 's trem circuit being all tube , but this thing comes DANG CLOSE . I do n't know that you could really tell the difference between the two unless you were listening for it . It 's easy as pie to use . It has two knobs
 For all those who dig the old timey Tremolo from like , old spaghetti westerns , this is the pedal for you . If you 're all about the kind of Tremolo that 's so popular in Surf Rock , again . PERFECT . You get so much sound quality from such a small little thing , it 'll knock your socks off . Dano 's = Best Bang for your Bucks .
 Used to be , a lot of guitar amps , even inexpensive ones , had a tremolo circuit -LRB- think CCR 's `` Midnight Special '' , `` Born On The Bayou '' `` I Heard It Through The Grapevine '' , Aretha Franklin 's `` Chain of Fools '' or The Staples Singers `` Respect Yourself '' if you 're not sure what sound I 'm talking about -RRB- built right in ... not so much the case these days.I love that sound , though , and have looked very hard for a pedal to give it to me , and , after trying out just about everything out there , I was delighted to find it in such an economical unit as the Danelectro `` Tuna Melt '' -LRB- from the Danelectro `` Snack Food '' series of mini-FX -RRB- ... about 1/3 to 1/10 the price of the other units out there and every bit as good sounding!Definitely try one out ... I think you 'll agree !
 Hello Musicfriends - This is built cheap but sounds great . Good controls too . For me in the studio/songwriting its perfect but I would not exactly go on tour with it ... . There is something about the knobs I still love , even if all my other digital units have a tremolo hidden in it ... may be the age thing ...
 I actually replaced a BOSS TR2 with this pedal . Does everything it is supposed to do without the `` perceived '' -LRB- that 's was they say -RRB- volume loss typical of many tremolo pedals . If it 's perceived , then how do you explain how good this sounds ? I have since had the pedal rehoused in a metal enclosure with a better switch because I was scared of breaking its plastic housing when switching it on and off .
 ... and I 'll give this pedal the ultimate compliment
 Hey , it gets the job done and that 's all I can ask for . I tried several `` cheapo '' pedals , and this one was my favorite of them all . While some had better casings -LRB- metal instead of plastic -RRB- , at the end of the day I 'm looking for a good sound , not a pretty pedal board . The pedal seems solid enough , it does n't take up much space , it sounds great , and it has a versatile range of sounds as far as tremolo pedals come.AND , if you are like the typical musician , you are looking for something that 's not going to break the bank .
 I put this pedal between a vintage Rhodes electric piano and my current practice amp . The tremolo effect is nice and can be adjusted to give the Rhodes a bit more `` life '' in its sound . However , after what seemed like a short time , I noticed that I had a lot of amplifier hiss with the pedal turned off and the output volume had gotten really low . The battery was almost used up by this point . The good news is that after I connected a 9 V power supply to the pedal , the hiss went away and it was back to working really well with good output volume . A power pack is pretty much mandatory with this pedal . A 9 V battery has way too short a lifetime to be useful . Apart from that , I 'm really pleased with the sound for such an inexpensive pedal .
 I 've tried a few tremolo pedals and this little yellow guy sounds better than most of 'em . It has quite a versatile range of trem sounds given its simple layout and tiny size . A sound very close to an old Fender amp tremolo can be easily gotten . There are also psychedelic helicopter-ish sounds to be had ; those can be nice when the box is hooked up after a fuzz pedal . The speed and depth controls will yield usable results throughout their entire ranges and they respond well to minor tweaks . The `` hard/soft '' control determines whether the tremolo will be a subtle triangle-wave sweep or a full-on square-wave stutter.I 've been using mine for about a year and have n't had any problems at all on gigs . It 's more solid than it looks , but if you 're the type who stomps on your pedals in your hobnailed boots , your mileage may vary . For 30 bucks , who cares ? It 's fun , lightweight , does n't take up much room on the pedalboard and it sounds really good . Works for me .
 great tremolo effect , plastic case , so need to take care of it , but the sounds are so groovy . nice
 When I first started setting up my little studio , I wanted something that did n't break the budget . I tried a couple different combo pedal boards , -LRB- Digitech 500 , Boss ME-70 -RRB- , but quickly realized I was n't getting my sound and the money was quickly drying up . With not much left , I tried a Tuna Melt as an example of Danelectro . Who would think ? This thing is stunning in its ability to manufacture vintage tremolo sounds , as are most of this line of pedals . I now own about 12-14 of these of all types , and have never been dissapointed save it 's very hard to chain them without a lot of noise.Then I got into guitar building , and they all got put away . Lately , I have been trying to make time to improve my playing skills , and joy of joys ! I am rediscovering all these pedals and I absolutely love them.Forget the FAB series , they are not so hot . Buy the old style as the Tuna Melt , or the big metal ones like the Dan Echo . You will NOT be sorry !
 I expected the coating on this head to be a bit rougher and on both sides . It is sommther than expected but soulds good on the snare I put it on .
 The Hohner 365 Steve Baker takes you to the other side . The creativity and expressions this harp allows you to achieve is phenomenal ! It plays smooth and it is very responsive , blow or draw.I use the Hohner 365 Steve Baker harp when I want to pull something out of my bag of tricks . I just close my eyes and fly away . It gives you additional notes on the low and high end in the most perfect pitch . The addition of a Hohner 365 Steve Baker tuned harp , should be in the serious harp players arsenal.This harp will take the abuse , you can play hard and it wo n't let you down . You can seriously attack a tune and get a funky low down blues sound with the Hohner 365 Steve Baker tuned harp.I am very pleased with its tonal quality and performance . I purchased through AMAZON in the $ 70.00 range . Great pricing for this harp . I love my Hohner 365 Steve Baker tuned Harp !!
 Wuhan cymbals are the underdogs of the drumming world.Handcrafted in China , every product they make produces a distinctive sound that I have found to be much brighter and just plain better than anything Sabian or Zildjian -LRB- or any other brand -RRB- makes , and I have tried them all.You can spend hundreds of dollars on a crash or a ride , or a set of hats , per piece , or you can buy Wuhan.You see , cymbals are made differently according to price
 Bought with the drum for my son . He totes it around in his car , so the bag made sense . The straps make the awkward shaped drum easy to carry .
 This was bought as a Christmas present for my husband . He was delighted to receive this . The drum fits &#34; like a drum &#34; and made very well . Thick material that will wear well . Absolutely perfect !!!
 I wanted a case for my djembe , especially after seeing all my guitar-wielding friends with their cases . This is a light case , but very protective . The handle and straps are placed in a great position overall . I am still cautious carrying the djembe over my shoulder using the strap because the djembe is rather heavy . There 's also a cool pocket on the side , where I keep my drum key . Overall great product , especially if you have a 14 '' Remo Djembe .
 Remo comes through with another well-made product . Only complaint here is the bag 's tightness makes loading more of a problem than it need be , so no 5th star .
 Nice alto mouthpiece with a good size and design . I am a tenor player so it will take me a while to get a feeling for it but I think this is a proffesional designed piece and works great for playing in a rock band setting .
 A very inexpensive way to start learning slide `` lap '' guitar . It is not very pretty but it works and sound flawless . Stays in tune , it seems forever . You will not go wrong with this product .
 This is n't a fancy instrument , but it does n't need to be . The finish is n't outrageous , either ; no one 's going to `` ooh '' and `` ahh '' over this as if it 's some nitrocellulose masterpiece . Again , does n't matter . This is a working musician 's lap steel guitar , and it doesn what it 's supposed to do
 I bought this from Music 123 online , and sight unseen as a gift for my girlfriend . I was a little nervous , as I know that this is a slim-line , and an entry-level acoustic-electric guitar . A few notes about this guitar stood out for me :1 . This model has been around for years .2 . All of the other ratings I saw on Amazon were very high .3 . The construction of the guitar includes solid parts , not segmented parts .4 . Its EQ includes a built-in tuner , and runs on watch batteries , which will last a long time.Here 's the good : I bought the natural , which has sides and a back that are a beautiful , brown mahogany . I could n't tell from the pictures online whether I would like the back and sides , but I was more than impressed when I opened the case.The tuner is easy to use , so I know my girlfriend , who is an amateur , will be able to easily learn to use it . -LRB- I 've played for 30 + years , so it is easy to forget what it is like to be a beginner -RRB- The tonal quality of the guitar is beautiful . Based on the construction and wood selection , you will get a full , rich tonal range out of this , despite it being a slim-line guitar.The action of the neck is already in pretty good shape . It wo n't require immediate trips to the music store to have the neck trued , or to have the action adjusted.The neck has an adjustable truss rod.The hardware looks fantastic . I did n't think I would like the gold hardware , but it really looks nice.It plays very smoothly . The rosewood fretboard is well engineered , and should be easy for any level guitarist.It is an Epiphone . My first guitar was an Epi , and I love it . Now her first guitar will be an Epi , and I think she will love it , too.Here 's the bad - The case I bought with it is shoddily built . Not the actual construction as far as the wood is concerned , but the black material they glue to the case . It was bubbled and poorly attached . I am seriously thinking of contacting the vendor to ask if they can replace the case with a new one . My only concern is that the new one might be just as bad . Bear in mind that as a slim-line profile , your choice of cases might be limited.The guitar and case were all built in China and Indonesia . I have no doubt that some of the luthiers there are top-notch , but I would love to be able to get a guitar at this price that was built by an American luthier . Its just a patriotic hangup I have . If anyone from Epiphone or Gibson reads this , please let them know that if it costs slightly more but was built in the U.S. , I would have no problem buying it . Thanks.Here 's whats in the package : GuitarEpiphone Bumper StickerEpiphone Model PosterOwner 's ManualManual for the EQ/Tuner UnitSome additional literature with links to learning sites and guitar lesson information . *** I highly recommend this guitar , and I am actually now thinking of getting one for myself as well . ***
 I 'm a semi-pro drummer with more than thirty years of experience , and I can tell you that Pro-Mark Stick Rapp is the only wrap I have found that I can count on for durability and performance.Other wraps just do n't last very long -- a few gigs , and they get lumpy , patchy -- the grip loses its proper spiral layering and needs to be replaced . Some wraps -- typically the stuff on long rolls -- also leave a nasty black residue on the stick after you remove them . Yuck.Pro-Mark Rapps last for months and months , they do n't leave residue when you do have to change them , and they even come in a nice variety of colors and patterns . The black , white , and red speckle design is very nice , I can tell you , and I like the black and white checkerboard pattern too.And yes , these stick wraps really help to prevent flyaway sticks -- a nightmare for most drummers , especially during a solo ! -LRB- And no , I do n't work for Pro-Mark ... -RRB-
 Wrap works great , I use it all the time . Only reason I bought from this buyer is because the picture and ad show and state that it is a splattermark design . I received only black , too lazy to return .
 I love this stick wrap so much that I do not play without it . After I break a pair of sticks , I unwrap the stick and wrap another set . I can only reuse these a few times because the material gets a little worn over time . I tried the Vater brand , but after I played a couple of songs with it , my hand felt sore/bruised as if blisters were forming . I have no issues with thePro-Mark SR3WHI Stick Rapp Drumstick Wrap , Splatter White/Black/Red .
 Beware that this is the solid-black grip tape , and not the splatter pattern shown in the picture . For a splatter pattern similar to the picture , seePro-Mark SR3WHI . It 's not EXACTLY like the pic , but it 's as close as you can get on Amazon , as of my writing this . Also FYI , each package has four pieces of tape , to wrap two PAIRS of sticks.Anyway , this is the best grip tape out there , and I 've tried them all . This stuff adds a real quality rubberized sort of feel to your sticks that 's not as harsh as other grip tape materials . It 's damn near luxurious.FYI , theVaterandAheadversions are basically the same material , but are much more expensive -LRB- the Ahead package only comes with one pair -RRB- . It 's also reusable a few times , but degrades each time you unwrap it , so you will need to re-purchase it periodically.It also looks great , incidentally . It comes with a decal to cover the top seam where the tape ends , which just looks awesomely professional , as if the stick was manufactured with the tape already on . People who see my sticks with this stuff on think they came that way.You have a choice as to how `` cushioned '' your grip will be , depending on how much you choose to overlap as you wrap . Doing a complete overlap , so that the entire taped surface has two tape layers , provides a nice cushy feel in addition to providing grip . Doing a wider wrap , with gaps between your overlaps , leaves the stick feeling more narrow and solid . Which way you go with is a matter of preference . I personally always liked the latter option better , mainly because , to me , the double-layer cushioning makes sticks feel unnaturally fat at the bottom , and unbalanced.Now for the caveat : Being a somewhat violent drummer , it makes my hands blister faster than naked sticks do . But that 's just an incidental truth about all grip tapes , and this tape is actually the most minor offender I could find , so I 'm not removing points for it . But I feel it necessary to point out that , due to that issue , I 'm actually more a fan of wax these days -LRB- seeZildjian WaxandSex Wax -RRB- , which provides a more subtle grip.Nevertheless , for many years I was using grip tape , and Pro Mark 's version was always the best . I even miss the nice look and feel of it , since wax has neither -LRB- even if it is better for my hands -RRB- . Oh well .
 Daughter plays the snare and mainly tenors in band and home . Really likes the easy grip these give her on her sticks !
 I have been playing violin for the past 7 years , and every one of those years , I have gone back to Thomastik Strings . They have an incomparable tone/price ratio , and produce a wonderful sound -LRB- if correctly played , of course -RRB- . Just as a note of warning , the E string does not have a loop-end . I would definitely recommend this to another musician .
 My sons are orchestra students at a magnet school for the arts high school . Dominant strings give their instruments a better sound than any others we have tried . We do like the sound of the Dominant set that includes a Pirastro Gold E String , too .
 I always purchase Thomastik Dominant violin strings because as a violin player , I like the sound produced by using them in practice or in performance . They last too .
 It seems like the A string goes bad on my violin more often than any of the others so I ordered extra just to be prepared and to be able to replace only this one string instead of replacing the entire set . This obviously saves money .
 If your looking for more grip on your sticks , these will defenitly do the job . There easy to apply , and can be reused at least a few times . Great product .
 I LIKE THIS HEAD ! I ALMOST BOUGHT ANOTHER REMO EBONY PINSTRIPE . I 'M GLAD I GOT THIS ONE . IT 'S GOT A GOOD SOUND !
 I received my Murchunga within three days of placing my order.For such a small mouth harp , it has a powerful sound which farexceeds the commercial mouth harp I bought 2 years ago.I am thouroughly pleased and would not hesitate to order another .
 This little baby is everything a jaw harp should be . Sure , it looks like a small medaeval torture device ; hand-made in some blacksmith shop . That 's because it was , supposedly in Nepal . Well , once you get this baby in your mouth , it sings ! The tine is flexible and easy to move . Nice sounds can be easily had . This small one is n't super loud , but sounds great . Definitely worth the price .
 These are the best violin strings for the money . If you are a student , use these strings . They are used by many of the greatest violinists . Many of the greatest recordings were made with these strings . They revolutionized the world of violin strings when they were introduced . For the money they ca n't be beat . Highest recommendation.Also , each violin is different -- some strings sound poor on some violins -- and different strings may be better for your violin . Advanced violinists will want to experiment with different strings . Other outstanding strings have been introduced recently , including the incrediblePirastro Passione Violin Strings Medium , Ball End EandThomastik Vision Solo Violin Strings Medium . There are many great strings to choose from.For most students , the Dominants are the best strings for the money and a safe starter set of strings . Be warned , however , that many violinists believe that the Dominant E string is not as good as the other three strings in the set . Therefore , many advanced violinists use a different E string , such as theGoldbrokat Violin E String Medium , Ball End , Jargar Violin E String Thick -LRB- Forte -RRB- , Ball-EndorPirastro Gold Label Violin E String Medium , Ball End . The Dominant E is fine , but other E strings are better.Dominants are the benchmark for the money .
 These strings sound way better than all of the other strings I have tried :-RRB- . You may need to get a bank loan if you break a lot of strings . : -RRB-
 The product shipped quickly and was as expected . I did not , however , realize that the E string was so thin and tiny . May have to get a separate E string because the one that comes with it is so super thin !
 I owned and played on one of these throughout high school and college -LRB- music ed major -RRB- . The lower range is superb , can hit the lowest of notes with ease and it has a dark , rich , full tone . The upper register is just as agile and is very responsive with a brighter sound . The tone of these horns is their best feature . They have a deep , rich tone without the overt brassiness that you sometimes get with other metals . Even in the higher registers , the tone still retains its fullness without having too much of a brassy edge . The valve action is quick and efficient and very responsive . The grip is rather large and may be too large for players with smaller hands . I loved this horn for everything that I ever played on it - all the major solo works as well as the orchestral works sound as if they were made just for this horn .
 My boyfriend is a drummer and he 's really hard on his sticks . AND despite the fact that he 's an amazing drummer he 's still really clumsy . . hence his sticks flying out of his hands in the middle of a gnarly breakdown ... these sticks help him from throwing them at his bandmates and helps protect the sticks aswell !
 I never really had an issue with dropped sticks , but when a drummer left a pair behind with Stick Rapp on them , I was instantly hooked . Especially when newly applied , this wrapping creates a super tacky and cushioned grip . You almost have to shake the sticks out of your hand to let go of them . The tackiness weakens over time , but I find an application is good for months of 2 to 3 night-a-week usage before requiring replacement . The only downside is that , if you use your sticks reversed to do rim clicks , that 's obviously not going to work.NOTE
 Okay , maybe it 's preference , and maybe it 's that I 've used ProMark Tape for at least 23 years but I think it 's the best . I love using different colors to quickly identify sizes of sticks and they seriously reduce the incidence of dropping them .
 I was just at the music store trying to use the Magnum puller . It 's not obvious how it works.What 's not obvious is where the tongs at the bottom of the puller go . They do n't go around the trumpet 's lead pipe itself , but around the stem of the mouthpiece , where trumpet and mouthpiece meet - sitting atop the lead pipe 's edge -LRB- only the very edge of the tongs and the very edge of the trumpet lead pipe are touching . -RRB- The tongs are `` gripping '' the stem of the mouthpiece , not the lead pipe.As you turn the the wing-nut clockwise to tighten it , the tongs push down on the edges of the lead pipe and force the mouthpiece up . The mouthpiece will pop up , and at this point , the tongs WILL be gripping the mouthpiece which is now separated from the rest of the trumpet .
 It works just as advertised . Easy to use and does what it is supposed to do without wrecking your horn .
 This whistle is great ! Very good quality . It 's exactly what I wanted . I wanted to train barn cats to come in at night to keep them safe from coyotes . I 'm not joking ! It worked , too , with this whistle , a dog whistle -LRB- sometimes -RRB- and a plate of warmed up tuna each time they heard the whistle . Now , they come just to see if there 's tuna whenever they hear it ! The whistle is excellent quality , loud enough to be heard from a 1/2 block * or more if no wind -RRB- away -LRB- the dog whistle is for if they are further away from our farm -RRB- but not piercingly high pitched . It 's like a penny whistle and not like a sports whistle . Mine is red , not green , but otherwise just like the picture .
 I live in an apartment complex with retired people and I love to practice on my drums . However , I do not own a bass drum yet -LRB- just a pedal -RRB- but felt I needed to practice my hand and foot coordination . This pad has come in very handy for that purpose and does not disturb my neighbors whatsoever . I have an inexpensive Ludwig pedal that fits on the pad a little goofy but it works . I strongly recommend this pad to anyone who needs to practice his bass drum techniques in an area where noise and vibration must be kept to a minimum . So far it has done no harm to my carpet . There is velcro on the bottom and I have retracted the spurs .
 I bought two of these to practice double bass . They work great , they are very quiet and very sturdy . Pearl sells a similar bass drum practice pad for like $ 20 more each , but this brand is almost the same in looks and construction . There is no lack of quality here , like I said they are very well built and very sturdy . Like all bass drum practice pads it does wobble when you play it , meaning it moves around / back and forth / etc when being played . In order to eliminate any movement at all , I bought a piece of 5/8 '' plywood from home depot , bought some 5/8 '' by 3 '' bolts , anti unlocking washers -LRB- or whatever they are called -RRB- and nylon anti unlocking nuts like the ones used to secure skateboard tires to skateboard axles . I drilled out holes in the plywood to match up with the two holes in the bottom of the practice pad . I then mounted and fastened both practice pads to the 5/8 '' plywood -LRB- the piece of plywood was 2 ' x 4 ' -RRB- after tightening it all down and attaching my bass drum pedals , the practice pads stay securely in place and no wobbling occurs at all . This is an issue with ANY bass drum practice pad though , not just this brand . So a trip to home depot and about $ 20 later the problem of wobbling bass drum pads was solved.This has been one of the BEST ideas I have ever had for practicing double bass . This set up is VERY secure and sturdy . These bass drum pads are very well made and reasonably priced compared to pearl drums bass drum practice pads -LRB- which look very similar -RRB- . The only ONE THING SO FAR that I can complain about is that since I did buy two of them to use as a double bass set up , I did notice right away that the `` PAD '' portion which is similar to neoprene used in wetsuits , are of different thicknesses on both pads , this an inconsistency that yet has to show itself to be a downfall though -LRB- fyi -RRB- . They both work great and when I practice I can not tell any difference though , but I do wonder why they are of different thicknesses.I give this product a 5 star because of its quality , Ive been using it for about two months so far and have had no problems with it whatsoever . Any bass drum practice pad will wobble or move about some when played , so bolting them down to a piece of thick plywood solved that problem . Now I can practice dbl bass without disturbing anyone else -LRB- volume wise -RRB- and practicing is low volume even if `` wailing away '' . BTW I do own two dbl pedals as well , but after setting up my dbl bass set I did notice a difference between two bass drums and one bass drum using a dbl pedal . The difference was clarity , volume and how it felt playing them . . So this is why I bought two of them to practice dbl bass , and not just one using a dbl pedal.ALSO LIKE TO MENTION / POINT OUT : THIS particular bass drum practice pad has two holes in it at the bottom plate - you can not see them in the picture , but two holes are there - this is the ONLY BD practice pad with this feature , and it is what I used to bolt my two BD pads to a 2x4 ' piece of 5/8 '' thick plywood - NO OTHER BD practice pads have this feature - just FYI , but for me a HUGE HUGE PLUS - because like in my review , since mine are bolted to a thick piece of plywood , they DO NOT WOBBLE AT ALL - totally sturdy like an actual bass drum - NO OTHER BD practice pad can say that!I hope this review helps . I think they work great , and also look great . No complaints here , Im sure I saved around $ 40 in comparison to pearls bass drum practice pads . Solid , secure and silent ... LOL sounds like an ad . Happy practicing !
 I have been a metal drummer for going on 5 years now . I have tried everything from setting up my pedals against my bed , couches , chairs , walls ... and nothing really seems to work 1 -RRB- for rebound and 2 -RRB- for noise . I do get plenty time to practe the real kit whenever I can , but lets face it ... there is going to be times late at night where you just wan na go crazy and practice your ass off ! ... I have searched all the competitve brands and models for bass drum practice pads , and decided to go with these because of price and design . COULDNT be MORE satisfied ! free shipping came 2 days earlier then planned , set up was a breeze , structure is sturdy enough not to move around at all when used at high speeds . I have 2 axis longboard pedals ... work great ! I also have 2 pearl powershifter eliminators ... work great as well ! For what , $ 47 a piece ... they will absolutely further your double/single bass capabilites .
 This is one solid practice pad . If you are looking for something totally silent then you can forget about it . But I 'd say this is about as quiet as you would expect . Rebound is somewhat realistic and it 's great for warming up off stage or practicing at night .
 It 's a great practice tool . The only problem I have is the left lug where you attach the bass pedal loosens after a few hits , but it 's easily fixed with some pliers . I also double-kick it so that might contribute . Really good if you are wanting to focus on your feet .
 I have used this product for all of my composing over the last few years . The book is fairly durable . I like that it is a self contained book - although the pages are perforated for easy detachment if you ever need loose leaf staff paper . The cover is durable and apart from slight fraying -LRB- normal wear and tear ! -RRB- around the edges of the perforation , my books have held up very well considering the use I put them through . I originally purchased these for $ 6 a piece at the local music store . Because they no longer carry them , I looked here on Amazon - much cheaper . This is a good deal . There is nothing flashy about this product , but this is my go to book of staff paper as a composer .
 Everything is great about this notebook . Its exactly what the description says . I 've been trying to find something I can carry with me to write tabs . This was perfect . However , note that this is not like a spiral notebook . All the pages tear out but since their are no spirals , the creases that occur when you open and fold the book , make your pages detach and fall out . I would look for a spiral one .
 I echo the sentiments of the other reviewer
 Cheap , free shipping , looks nice . Plus it includes regular sheet music notation above the tab -LRB- exactly like in the Guitar Pro layout , if you have that software -RRB- . Could n't ask for more .
 The Dominant strings sets the standard for synthetic violin strings , being one of the first to be marketed . It works well on many different types of violins since it is pretty decent , predictable and gives a middle of the road tone . When it is new , there is a slight metallic feel , but that goes away after it is stretched out . Some people like the metallic feel and insist on new Dominants . They do take a few days to settle in though and last about 2-3 months.They feel supple under the finger and are not high tension strings . They start out on the bright side with good overtones but then they go dull . The E string is just ordinary , and many people substitute a different E string -LRB- such as Pirastro Gold -RRB- . In fact Dominant sells sets with just the G , D , and A.
 My sister gave my son her old West German student violin from the 1970s . She changed the strings only once in the mid-70 's , but those SuperSensetive steel strings just had to go.I could have replaced them with another set of SuperSensetives Steels but I was goinmg to put some good strings on a free instrument which saved me money anyway . I looked at reviews and reccommendations from several websites which lead me to make the decision to purchase this set ot THomastik Dominant Strings . My son has classmates with rented instruments and of course they mostly would be fitted with the long-lasting steel strings . But , I know that my son will not be using this 3/4 size violin for more than two years so the Dominants would last long enough and he would produce a better tone than his mates . His strings teacher was impressed with the tone his violin makes , and some of it should be credited to the Thomastik Dominant strings.Now if it could only improve on my son 's accuracy in fingering ...
 Through a series of serendipitous events I discovered that this head , when paired with aRemo Powerstroke 3 Simulated Calfskin Fiberskyn FA Bass Drumhead 20 Incheswill give a 20x14 bass drum an old school sound that is unmatched by any other combination I have tried.Refer to the customer-supplied images at the top of this page for a picture of the kit I use this head with . I do want to make a disclaimer - I never use a bass drum any deeper than 14 '' . I have two that are 12 '' deep , but nothing over 14 '' . Also , I go for an open , resonant sound where I can hear a note instead of a dead thump when I strike the head with my pedal beater . If you play modern rock you may find that my configurations are too open sounding . And if you muffle this kind of head with anything more thanGibraltar SC-BF Bass Drum Felt Strips 2/Pack , you will probably hate the sound ... or not . But I am trying to cover all bases instead of focusing solely on my own personal preferences.Paired with the Powerstroke 3 head on the batter side and no other muffling , you will get an extremely warm , deep and fat resonance from your bass drum . I have had more than a few drummers sit in on the kit I have in the customer-supplied images and they all loved it . In some rooms , especially ones that are lively and cause your sound to bounce off walls and cause fits , this head combination will tame things down a bit.As a batter and a reso -LRB- something I actually tried -RRB- , using the felt strips for attenuation , this head is pretty good . The resonance improves , while retaining most of the warmth . It is not as pleasing to my ears as the Powerstroke 3 combination , but darn good nonetheless.Whether you pair this with a different batter or use it in both roles , this is a warm sounding head that is perfect for any situation requiring old school sound .
 I bought one of these for my Gretsch 18 '' Catalina Jazz kick drum , an already great sounding drum.The Fiberskyn gives it a more round , warm tone , with plenty of punch , the best sound I 've ever gotten.I liked it so much , that I did n't have the heart to cut a port hole in it , as that always seems to ruin the tone.This head is best for those seeking a natural , acoustic tone , not necessary for Big-PA-Mic 'd - Up-Thunder-drums . I did NOT cut a port hole in the head ... if you are going to do that , then most any resonant head should do you.This head would work fine with a port cut in it for a mic , but why waste the money and ruin it 's tone?I play most gigs with a mic on this drum , and it sounds great , but I have to admit to a secret weapon ; the Bose T1 Tonematch Engine , which has a built in `` Kick Gate '' that makes it possible to get great kick tone without an overly long sustain that often comes from a port-less head.However , last night I did a gig without mic ` ing and got lots of comments on the sound.Highly recommended drum head , looks nicely retro too.I would have given this head a 5-star review , but only did n't so that Remo will keep working to make something even better .
 Excellent , I love , is just what I ordered and marabillas far , thanks , I recommend it to anyone who is interezado in order this article .
 These strings are wonderful . The sound quality is superior . The smaller violins typically do not sound as deep as bigger violins , but these strings make a difference .
 bought this 22 '' bass head to change the style of my kit . Comes plain with logo on bottom making room on top to put my kits logo . I bought a Tama logo on line and placed it on head and boom , instant update .
 I have previously dismissed Fiberskyn heads as being rather `` boxy '' -LRB- meaning , `` hatbox '' -RRB- sounding and not the best sound for my bass drum . As I have acquired a 1920 Ludwig bass drum that came equipped with the original calfskin heads , I 've had a chance to get a better idea of the performance of the two materials . Result
 My daughter is the one using this lyre . She just began playing the clarinet a few months ago so is new to everything . She said the lyre works very well unless the music is too heavy and then it seems to change the tone of the clarinet . Otherwise she is quite happy with it .
 Excellent product . Even works for cassettes , even though the sound from some cassettes are n't as good depending on if they are original or copies .
 While searching for a cd recorder , I read a review that mentioned this unit and decided to try it -LRB- about 20 % of the cost of a cd recorder -RRB- . This is easy to use and does a terrific job . Try it , you 'll like it .
 I tried a USB turntable , but was completely dissatisfied with the sound quality of the resulting computer file , not to mention the low quality of the turntable itself -LRB- compared to my Thorens -RRB- . The sound had background noise which ruined the recordings . Then I got the Xitel Inport . It was easy to install and the sound quality is truly high-fidelity ! No background noise & no hum whatsoever . For my purposes -LRB- simply converting my LP collection to CD 's -RRB- the included LP Recorder software works perfectly ; very easy to use . I especially like the auto level set feature which prevents clipping on all recordings I make . I highly recommend the Xitel Inport !
 Easy to use and gives good results . Nice long cord to connect the Xitel to your amp . Software is easy to set up and the directions are clear . The sound quality with my Ipod and Bose speaker is very good . Since small and compact , easy to put away when not using . The price was right making it cost effective to convery my vinyl versus buying CD 's or buying on-line . Good product and highly recommend .
 It 's rare to find a product that performs exactly as advertised . This one is right on the money . I read the user manual 3 times before hooking it up and installing the software . -LRB- I recommend this strongly . -RRB- Everything installed and worked beautifully . The download of the 3 software programs took less than 4 minutes on my HP Pavilion with XP . I found the instructions were clear , however not all the functions are explained in detail . The `` LP Recorder '' is pretty straightforward . I did modify one setting here - they recommend setting `` auto stop '' as its supposed to sense silence between tunes . On my first album attempt , I found it shut off after one tune . Once I unchecked that option , I found recording a complete album works smoother . The options on the tool bars of all 3 programs are not explained in the user manual - you 're on your own . `` Wave Corrector De-Click '' is a gem ! I had one album that was quite scatchy - this made it sound like brand new . I had a few problems with `` LP Ripper '' . Several albums had very little silence between tracks , so this program could n't identify the breaks . With no real explanation in the user manual about how to adjust , I had to figure it out for myself . The up and down arrows by the `` start '' and `` end '' radio buttons can be used to determine the length of the track . After some trial and error , I used the times of the songs from the album to figure this out . I 've had this product for 2 weeks and have burned 17 albums so far . I have 70 more to go and a drawer full of cassettes . If you want to preserve your vinyl and you have a turntable , this is the way to go ! I recommend it heartily .
 I have been looking for a long time for an easy way to convert old audio cassettes to CD 's . Most of the products I had seen looked too complicated and the ones that looked simple had gotten bad reviews.After reading positive technical and consumer reviews of this product , I decided to order it . I LOVE IT.I am running Windows XP and it took about 30 minutes from the time I opened the box until I was recording the first cassette to my hard drive . The instructions are concise and easy to follow . The only thing that was left out of the intsructions was to make sure you have your audio playback settings in the recorder set to your sound card . It defaults to Inport and I could not hear what I was recording until I made that change.The included software to remove pops and clicks is pretty basic . You may need something else for noise removal . I first downloaded audacity which is free for download . I found it difficult to use . I found another free program called recordpad which worked well and was more user friendly.I would recommend this product to anyone who has lots of tapes and/or LP 's and wants a quick and simple method to convert them.It is great !
 This product is great for transfering your cassette collection to CD . Unlike other products out there , there is no microphone recording involved . Make all of the background noise you want - none of it gets picked up in the recording . It is easy to install and get started and the software that comes with it is basic but good . You can use other remastering programs such as MAGIX to clean up the audio file and you use your computer 's own burning program to create the CD . Sound quality with this product is as good as the original cassette . It does save as a WAV . file , though - separate free software needs to be downloaded to convert to MP3 - and WAV files are rather large . If you get an adapter -LRB- @ $ 8 at Radio Shack -RRB- you can import out of the headphone jack of a boom box or stereo so no need to have a tape deck . Bottom line , this product does exactly what it says it will and it does it well .
 This product has brought new life to my music collection . I have ripped hundreds of cassettes and vinyl to MP3 format , with minimal difficulty . One tip is that the MP3 encoder is a freeware executable add-on that needs to be downloaded off the web ; product is of limited use without this software -- seamless MP3 ripping once the add-on is installed .
 This is a simple product to use . For somebody like me who finds most software non-intuitive , I was able to follow the instructions and move a vinyl recording to CD in next to no time . I have a very good Yamaha turn-table so I get good sound . The editing of the recording was simple and now I can listen to some of my great vinyl recordings as a drive back and forth to work . For anybody who still has good turntable and a good receiver and wants to listen to their great old vinyl on the road , this product will fill the bill .
 Xitel INport Deluxe -LSB- Record From Your Stereo to Your Computer -RSB- The product performs as advertised . The patch cord from stereo to computer is long enough to stretch across two rooms , and delivers good quality sound reproduction . The manual is easy to understand , and I learned the editing technique with very little stress .
 Bought this as a test and did n't really have high expectations for the product . It turned out to be extremely easy to install and setup . So far I 've ripped about a dozen LP 's and the sound quality is about the same as a CD when listening to it as an MP3 . Of course your original LP must be in good shape . Included software does a great job of allowing you to edit start and end times , as well as edit out pops and clicks . I 've had a few people listen to the MP3 version of my LP 's and they have no idea that it 's not an original downloaded MP3 . For the price and features this is a great package .
 Great product -- using it obsessively now . Bought 2 weeks ago and have already converted over 400 music tracks to MP3 from my old casessetts , LPs , and even music DVDs . It took maybe a half hour to get really comfortable with the controls but now it 's a breeze . It 's great to have bridged the gap between old technology -LRB- LPs and casettes -RRB- with new , and to have a fully integrated multi-media setup . And it 's a blast to dust off the old casettes and LPs that never made the upgrade to CDs or MP3s in my collection , and now have these tracks on my iPod . If money is no object , then you should just go buy the tracks you own on other media . But the product has paid for itself 5 times over in the first 2 weeks in what I 've saved by not having to by these 400 tracks that I already own on older media . If I were to offer any constructive criticism , the user interface is not the most intuitive , although it 's a pretty basic system in the first place , so it 's easy to learn . Hope you enjoy this as much as I do .
 I received this as a gift . Setup was very easy . I have copied several LPs to CD and the process is simple and the CDs sound great . The cables and hardware are all provided . There are three software programs-the recorder , a program to remove pops and hisses , and the ripper to separate the wave file into separate songs . The most time consuming portion is playing the LP into the computer . Once that is completed the software portion takes 5-10 minutes to complete . Very satisfied with the product . Shipping was very quick from Amazon .
 I could n't be more pleased with this product . I 've used it to digitize hundreds of LPs and am amazed at the sound-quality of the WAV files . I stream the lossless files to a high-end system and get sound that is often superior to CD-sourced tunes . Hard for me to believe sound that good from a $ 70 ADC . The cords provided seem to be of good quality as well , and the software is very functional and easy to install/use . Bravo Xitel !
 I have been looking for something to record my DJ mixes and be able to set track points when burned to CD . I had looked at Nero but did not need all the extra features . Then I came across Xitel.Although it is advertised for people wanting to record their LPs to CD , it works great for recording DJ mixes and burning to CD.The sound is excellent and for the most part it is not too dificult to use . Setting the track points takes a little getting used to . The software breaks up the songs and files them separately . You have to make sure you list the songs the same order you played them when burning the CD . But the music will flow seamlessly when finished.Overall a great product if you do n't need a lot extras .
 The product does exactly as promised . It transfers my old LP 's to my computer where they are then made into cds . Its ability to remove hiss and pops and still maintain a sound quality comparable to new cds is incredible . The only problem I encountered was getting used to Xitel 's Ripper program where you take the entire contents of an album or two and break it down into individual tracks . The instructions unfortunately fall short in explaining exactly how this works . With alot of trial and error , I finally mastered it and can now perform this task rather rapidly . All in all , it is a great product that just requires a bit of patience in the beginning . After that , it 's smooth sailing !
 I almost made a big mistake by getting frustrated and wanting to return this item , after downloading music on my computer and wanting to convert it to MP3 format . Now I am glad I did n't ! I was told , by the company that makes this Xitel Inport , to download the `` Lame '' -LRB- brand name -RRB- encoder , it 's free , off the web . The encoder would change my . WAV files to MP3 files . It came in a `` zipped '' format and I could n't open it to get it to run . I just did n't understand that much about computers . Then I became angry and wanted to get rid of everything , but I kept at it . A pain in the arse , but persistence paid off!Back to this little device , Xitel Inport , it 's fabulous ! It 's easy to use once you get the hang of it . READ THE DIRECTIONS CAREFULLY . The encoder program they suggest in the instructions does n't work anymore , so you have to get another one off the web . After getting that and once you record over and over , it becomes like second nature.If you are wanting to convert to MP3 , that 's a different program and has nothing to do with this product . This product is for recording music onto your computer . A separate encoder is what you need to make music conversions . I am an older lady who is not too computer savvy , but I kept at it , kept trying to get a converter to open from a zipped file to where I could use it . I finally did it with persistence and a lot of reading . Now I am recording and converting a lot of my old cassettes , records and yes , cd 's down to the little microchips for me to use in my MP3 player that I can take with me anywhere .
 First of all , I only gave it 4 stars because there are no conversion utilities . At least on a PC , you can only produce a large WAV file , you have to find some other product to convert it to a smaller , exchangeable format -LRB- MP3 -RRB- . iTunes seems to do the job well , so there is no need to spend extra money.I used Windows Vista to test the product , and no drivers were needed for it to work . Just plug it in an USB port and start recording from any analog device.After the device is connected , the only sound you will hear from your PC is from the device input . So dont spend an hour , -LRB- like me -RRB- , trying to figure out why my speakers no longer worked . Just unplug the device and all the sound will work agian.Pros : The device is simple.The sound is very good.Cons : Seems a little expensive for what you get -LRB- comes with a cable , but you can get it anywhere for a couple of bucks -RRB- . No conversion utilities.Bottom Line : If what you want is a great recording , and a simple to use device . This product does the job nicely . But are there cheaper products out there , that do the same thing , you may want to look around .
 After the initial learning curve , this product does a fine job recording , cleaning up scratches , skips and editing . The editing took a little practice , but it allows professional results if you are patient . For the price , it is a real bargain.I would recommend it .
 Works well sound is very good . Software not as easy as I would have liked . Took a while to figure out volume issues . Also you need to know if it will work with your tape deck or stereo it did not with mine and I had to go out and buy the headphone jack
 The price is why I picked this unit . It has good cables that are included that others make you buy . I have good software to clean up the recording that is needed for good sound output with any unit .
 My stereo does not have the connections that I needed , so I used the headphone jack instead . It works , but I am unable to hear the media . Also I use the auto stop feature , but because I have to have the volume on the stereo so high , it is never actually quiet enough for it to think that the music is done . I will continue to do all my old tapes . I like the feature that allows me to record the entire tape , but then edit the finished recording to get rid of any extra I do n't want .
 No trouble getting my vinyl to my PC then burn to CD or put into iTunes . This is my second one , first still working but use second one to record cassette tapes to another PC at same time , multitasking cuts my time substantially . Would recommend to anyone wanting to convert old tech to new . Software is easy to use and does great job .
 DOES MORE THAN EXPECTED WITH ALL THE EXTRA SOFTWARE THAT COMES WITH IT . IT MAKES EDITING YOUR SONGS VERY EASY .
 My INport deluxe arrived today ... and I am simply delighted with this product ! It 's wonderful to purchase something that really does everything promised , and then some . The device is simple to use , the software is simple to install , absolutely everything works just like it is supposed to . I was set up and working on my first album transfer in well under 30 minutes , even with taking time to actually read the user manual . I 've been transferring albums to my computer all afternoon and I 'm having a blast . Thank You INport Deluxe !!
 hello every body , i am dr.Tamer from EGYPTi want to say these device is excellent in quality of recorded soundand easy to use with very fast and safty shippingi love these device
 I purchased this to convert my old 33 records and cassette tapes over to CDs . I received the software package , after reading the instructions , I set it up and it worked perfectly the first time . I was a little hesitant on purchasing this after reading some of the reviews but I personally found nothing wrong . Audio is clear and actually sounds better than straight off the record player . I would recommend this to anyone who wishes to preserve their older audio tapes/records to new CDs . I recommend you purchase an external hard drive since the audio can consume quite a bit of hard drive space .
 It does everything that I was told that it would do even better than I was told . It records music with no excess noise at all . When I read other people 's reviews of the Xitel Inport Deluxe I know that they said that it was good , but I doubted that they were judging it on the same scale that I would be looking at it . I have now used this device and it functions on a level that can be compared to recording studios . I am happy . Do n't worry about this product . It is your recording solution for whatever recording problem you are experiencing . The only real problem that you have if you are reading this review is that you have n't gotten yourself one yet .
 This product works as advertised . I have used it lots , and will be using it lots more . It is well worth the money and I would highly recommend it for people that want to digitize their old LP albums . It records an entire record , takes out the crackles & pops , and then separates the songs . Is life great , or what ?
 Excellent piece of kit , have just finished mp3ing 50 cassettes which took a week . So much simpler than messing with one sound card on one computer , this allows recording on any suitable computer & bypasses it 's soundcard & input software . Gadget is well worth the money .
 I used this product on 25-year-old home-recorded cassette tapes and was amazed at both how easy the INport was to use , but also at the great quality of finished product . I highly recommend this product to anyone who has old cassette tapes they wish to preserve by converting them to CD format !
 INport Deluxe is everything advertised . It 's easy to use and pretty intuitive . Does a great job of transferring LPs and cleaning up the tracks . I am finally transferring all my old LPs that have been stored in boxes for years .
 Got it so I could use my old LPs . Easy to use , straight-forward installation , and the furnished software is fabulous . Cleans up skips and pops on the surface of the LP . Highly recommended .
 I 'm happy so far with this product . I made a Wav file of my first cassette last night and all seems to be well ... I 'm not the most computer-literate guy , and the instructions seem to work very well . I 'm having some problems transferring the material to CD , but I do n't think that 's Xitel 's fault.Steve
 I have hundreds of LP 's that I was looking to digitize . I still have my turntable from the ' 80 's which was fairly high end then . I looked at the new USB turntable , but my research did not give me much confidence in the products I saw , neither build quality nor sound reproduction quality . Then I saw this product . Well rated , much less expensive than the USB turntables , and usable with tape as well . I took the chance , and I am glad I did . Note that I hooked my turntable up to a pre-ampPyle PP999 Phono Turntable Pre-Ampand the pre-amp to the xitel . This was simply because my computer is not in the same room as my audio receiverPhysical set up was easy , and I was pleasantly surprised the Xitel included a 20 foot long audio cable that was more than long enough for my needs . I was happy to see the small manual was easy to understand -LRB- a rarity these days ! -RRB- . The manual did not include installation instructions for Win 7 , but their web site has a small addendum here
 I had some cassette tapes to covert to CD and the software worked perfectly . Amazingly it did what it said it would do . I 'm very satisfied with my purchase .
 I have wanted for years to convert my old LPs and reel-to-reel tapes to digital format , but always thought the process sounded too cumbersome . The Xitel INport Deluxe is as easy as it claims to be . Just run the included cables from the receiver line out jacks to the computer USB port and start the source . There are some initial settings -LRB- regarding sound level and distortion , etc. -RRB- to make , but the enclosed short manual walks you through those in 5-7 minutes . I am extremely pleased with this product , and am glad to have my music easily available again .
 It works fine . It is easy to use.One thing I 'm not to sure about
 This is a very easy set up and works well . I now have my old cassettes on CD 's and can en joy them .
 So far I 've really been pleased with the INport Deluxe . I 've converted about 10 LP 's which I had n't heard for about 20 year . The only negative is about the ` splitting tracks ' section , which does n't really apply to my situation , since the music I 'm working with is classical and has big ` chunks ' . I tried to ` experience ' the section but when a thick skull rund into obtuse instructions , success is not in the cards . Still , all in all I am very satisfied with no important complaints . Thanks for the great product .
 If properly used . Many , many music selections from you schallack or tapes can be save on a hard drive for easy retrieval .
 I never got to use it as I gave it to a friend . I do n't know if he has used it .
 I use the method of taking my vinyl record audio right out of the headphone jack of my amplifier , into the INport Deluxe converter , and feeding into my laptop computer via USB cable . You get total control of the volume being recorded by the software that way , and it means that you can take audio from ANY source that comes through your amplifier and make a copy of it . So , I can feed audio output from my AR turntable , and also my cassette deck , too.Although the instruction manual is written better than most , it still lacks all the detail and clarity it should have ! It really has n't been updated since Microsoft Vista , and there are a some slight differences you need to know about for Windows 7 . You 'll have to browse those up on the internet because they are n't included in the owner 's manual . I compared my kit with that a friend of mine got a few years ago , before the release of Windows 7 , and everything was identical except that my instruction manual is about one inch larger -LRB- same text -RRB- . Pay very close attention to how you name your files in `` Music '' , and how you route files for recording , and , editing . The various sections of software are separate , and although they are compatible , they do n't `` talk '' to each other . You 've got to be certain that each part of the software knows exactly which file-set you want to work with , and WHERE it 's going to go when you 've modified/edited/cleaned it . The `` source '' and `` target '' software does n't change automatically , so you have to monitor that very closely . What I 'm saying is , do n't take anything regarding files or file names for granted!I 'm not trying to say anything bad about the software , which works very , very well -- but you are going to have a bit of a learning curve that will be made more frustrating if you do n't pay close attention to where you put files , and what you use them for , and where you send a `` finished '' file.Example
 Simple straight forward design , easy to set up . I tried using this with other software and could n't get it to work , but the programs they send with it are way easy to use . One will record the album with adjustable record level , the other will look at the file and find the tracks , you just have to rename them , the other program gets rid of clicks and pops.AWESOME
 This little product works great ! You do n't have to be a sound engineer to make it work . A real sound engineer might think it 's a toy , but for an old-school amateur like me , it was simple to install and straightforward to operate . It comes with a 30 ' cable so I did n't even have to move my stereo . The cable connections were easy , and the software installation went very quick and smooth on Windows XP . -LRB- There 's a qualification in the instruction manual that could be in bold type
 As a qualifier , I paid 11 dollars for the INport . I loaded it on a laptop running Windows 7 , and no problems there . There are 3 separate programs included - one does the recording , one cleans up the pops from the recording , and one allows you to separate the recording into recognizable CD tracks . The box contains the INport unit , software CD , and a 30 foot long -LRB- ! -RRB- audio cable . The cable is just 2 standard RCA jacks , which you can run from your receiver . If you use your headphone jack , the level will depend on the volume on the receiver , so a dedicated output is a better choice . The software is fairly professional for the layperson , but can be mastered quickly - it 's nothing to be afraid of . I found the pop and click eliminating feature to work moderately well on a 40 year old album . You 're not going to be fooled into thinking it 's not an album recording . If you 're adept at downloading music , this may not be an essential purchase . But if you have a lot of LPs that are obscure or hard to find on CD , this is a pretty good way to get them into a digital format . Well worth the price .
 I ordered this from Amazon.com to transfer some cassette tapes to MP3 players for one of the teachers at the elementary school where I am the school `` Grandpa '' . I was n't really expecting it to work with my OLD stereo , since I did n't have the proper outputs . But the instructions told me how to do it using the headphone jacks and it works BEAUTIFULLY ! Since it had a tremendous markdown price , I was skeptical , but no more ! I have transferred vinyl records and cassette tapes to digital media easily ! GREAT product !
 This turned out to be a great item for the price . The instructons were easy to follow and hookup was simple since all the cables are provided . The item creates on large file with all the music on one track . Creating individual song tracks was rather complicated as explained in the instruction book , so it was a bit more work . I had one album that came out fine and another with track splits in odd places , but if you use the times of the tracks on the album cover , it makes it a lot easier . The program also provides a neat graph that indicates silent spots so you can make track divisions . In any event , you will need to know how many tracks you are recording in the first place .
 My brother recommended this product to me and after thinking about it longer than I should have , I purchased this to rip my music cassettes and vinyl LPs to my PC.So far , I 've only done my tapes , but I must say I 'm very impressed with this product . The installation went smoothly and once I got the program to recognize my input and playback devices , I was good to go . The manual could be better though , as the screens depicted in the directions were not what I saw as I installed this product . -LRB- My only gripe so far . -RRB- I 'm looking forward to ripping my vinyl albums as I have many from the 60 's and 70 's . Overall , I would recommend this product to anyone who wants to again enjoy the music from this/her past . I do n't know if it would satisfy the `` true audiophile '' , as I 'm not that knowledgeable about such things , but for the average person , I 'd say this product is a winner !
 The Xitel INport Deluxe is just what I was looking for . It is very easy to set up and use . Sound is very good , even on some of my worn-out LP 's . Some of my cassett tapes were not so good , but then I have had them for over 20 years . Overall , the product is very good ! I would and will recommend the product to anyone and everyone !
 Overall a well-designed , effective and simple way of transferring cassettes and LP 's , and generally user-friendly once you come to understand its in-and-outs . Xitel could be more clear in their advertisements that if you need to digitalize LP 's , you will need to purchase a pre-amp sold separately . The manual is fairly user-friendly , but could be organized somewhat better , and some of the diagrams/terminology in it did n't match what came up on my computer , which was a little confusing . For people not used to working with graphic waveforms , there may be somewhat of an initial learning curve.A minor inconvenience is that you ca n't call up and work with tracks from separate sessions recorded at different times -LRB- e.g. , if you want to merge the end of cassette side A with its side B , you have to be there at the end of recording side A to put INport on pause , and start it up again after flipping the cassette , rather than recording two separate files , one for each side , and joining them . -RRB- The trimming features that allow you to get rid of unwanted space before and after tracks is wonderful , as well as a fade in/fade out feature , that is really helpful in hiding tape hiss at the beginning and ends of tracks .
 INport , excellent job , I love the product and would highly recommend it to anyone . I 've had several hundred LPs sitting in boxes in the basement for years and now I 'm rediscovering that music all over again as I transfer the LPs to the digital age.The quality of the transfer is very good -LRB- imo -RRB- . For example , I was playing back So . Central Rain -LRB- early REM -RRB- in ITunes and noticed that I had purchased the song on ITunes about a year ago . Except for an opening click on the LP version , its very hard to tell the difference between the two.My only minor negative -LRB- or really , feature request -RRB- would be for LPRipper to somehow integrate and automate song titles from the albums so that I do n't have to type them all in .
 Connecting the cables was so easy I was sure I must have missed something.Recording the music is equally easy . Removing the snap crackle and pop was a snap . My only confusion resulted in recording from 45rpms , I should have left them as stereo because it seems as though if you check off as mono , you can not remove the crackle and pop .
 This product does a superb job at converting audio cassette recordings to MP3 format on your computer or MP3 player . You can adjust the audio level and pause the recording and advance the audio cassette if you need to do those things . There are other automatic features to shut off , etc. . It also can remove noise from the recording and clean up the transients .
 Xitel INport Deluxe does what it says it does . You can plug in any RCA AUX connector into the unit and with the software provided you can record it in stereo to your computer.It 's a good solid product that does what it says it does but instead of focusing on the features like other reviewers I will point out its minor drawbacks . First , audacity , the a free software that is mentioned in the manual has a tendency to freeze up while recording with the unit . However , I do n't know if it will freeze up on your computer . Second , if you are thinking about buying this product to turn LPs to CDs , into most LP players do n't have RCA AUX plugs and you 'll need to buy an addapter . -LRB- What they do n't tell you in the manual is that if you do this you first need to adjust the volume on the stereo and recorder volume in parallel which is kinda tricky . -RRB- Finally , the manual could use more detail because some of the important features were n't mentioned.If you do n't mind these drawbacks , you will be able to have many years of recording pleasure if you buy this product .
 If you have Vista , you 'll need to request the latest version of LP Recorder and LP Ripper from the manufacturer -LRB- look in the help files for the address for technical support -RRB- . You do n't want the trial versions on the website - those versions wo n't accept your licence key . Fortunately , CFB was very prompt with their response -LRB- I e-mailed Sunday night and had a link to the files by Monday morning -RRB- . Once I had the right versions , everything worked without a hitch . I used the setup to digitise music I 'd taped from radio ten years ago , and while there is n't much any program can do to improve the quality , the file I recorded was as good as the original.In addition , LP Ripper is a rather handy piece of software - if you used CoolEdit back when it was free and not owned by Adobe to split sound files , you 'll find a lot of uses for this program .
 I am 63 and was a sound engineer . This flat out rocks ! I even recorded some of my old mono records through my 32 band stereo EQ ; -LRB- made an S shape on the right channel and reversed the S shape on the other channel -RRB- and then into the Xitel and you would swear it was in stereo . You can not go wrong with this . But remember ; if your vinyl is crap do n't expect anything to turn it into a rose .
 Pros : Simple to setup and useCD has S/W easy to installEditing capability to fine tune tracks ' start and end timesCons : Default in Wave Corrector program not to put a suffix can be changed but on each save ; can not change default setting permanently.Intensive PC activity may cause program to skip a moment in recording -LRB- start that track over -RRB- . Can not append to an existing file.Could do a better job of finding gaps between tracks.Despite the Cons -LRB- I 'm just telling you what could be better -RRB- , the product does a good job of copying records and cleaning the sound . Worth the money if you have records in good shape and hate to spend money buying CDs to get them portable.Peace , LJ
 I bought this to convert old cassette recordings to audio format on my computer and from there I create audio CDs . This product is simple to setup and use . There are a lot of features , I 'm still discovereing . I would give this 5 stars except I have not finished learning about it . After 6 month of use , I found that the software is very good . I do connect a cassette player to my labtop via 1/8 '' audio wire , run the program , record the cassette recording into the hard driv then burn it on CD .
 Very pleased with the Xitel Inport . Easy to use and giving excellent results.Also great service from Amazon - delivered to New Zealand in less than 4 days .
 This works great . I used it to transfer old home made audio cassette tapes to the PC to preserve and make CD 's . Easy to use .
 Installation - very good.Use - meets the KISS factor . -LRB- Keep It Simple & Sane -RRB- Output - Great
 If you are trying to generate wav files from other sources like midi files , long plays , cassettes , etc. this is for you
 Totally satisfied with product and the means of purchase through Amazon . Performs as advertised . Simple to operate.Pricing was great ... $ 20 cheaper than at Radio Shack .
 This product is simple to install and works as advertised . I tried doing the lp to cd conversions with my PC sound card but the stereo did not work and only one channel came through properly . I did try to convert a mono record -LRB- Hi-fi from the 50 's -RRB- and the DeClick software would not recognize the file . I just reconverted using the stereo setting and everything seemed to work .
 Lots of good things to say about this &#34; package &#34; of Analog to Digital processor/Easy to Use , Powerful Track Editing Software , Quality Connection Cables , and Ordinary Language Instructions.Take the analog audio output from anything , -LRB- headphone jack , cassette deck , radio , TV , turntable -RRB- and create digital files for your computer library , or burn to CD 's . Software lets you divide and name each song/section as you like . Software also removes &#34; pop &#34; s from LP record copies.This is a &#34; Windows &#34; based instruction manual . -LRB- do n't know if it will work with Mac -RRB- As with most turntables ... the signal must be first amplified by your usual means -LRB- stereo/audio amp/reciever -RRB- , and then sent to the INport Deluxe.This type of recording is done at the same speed playback as your tape deck or LP turntable , so all you need now is the time to devote to saving your collections to Digital .
 This product far surpassed my expectations . Not only does it perform as advertised , I did n't even have to ask my brother in law to help me install it ! I highly recommend it for anyone who wants to save thier records or tapes to computer .
 I have figured out how to use the device to transfer long play records to my computer , but have not figured out how to create a CD yet . It should have been simple , but it has not turned out that way . In any event I am convinced that the problem is on my end , and not the device . I give five stars mainly because of the excellent tech support I have been given so far . If i can not figure out this last step , I will be back to tech support .
 I think I owe it to the manufacturer to do a review on this.For a fraction of the cost of a USB turntable you get a little box that you plug in between your own high fidelity stereo equipment and the USB port of your computer . Installation could n't be easier - running Windows 7 Starter all I did was plug it into a USB port , the computer did the rest . I already had Audacity installed from my earlier -LRB- mis -RRB- adventures with a USB turntable . By the way -LRB- this is important -RRB- you CAN adjust the input level on this little box , from the Recording part of the Sounds application in the Control Panel.Most of the USB turntables you see on Amazon or elsewhere are cheap plastic garbage with cheap plastic cartridges that add all kinds of noise to your high fidelity music . It is much easier to use your own high fidelity equipment and this box . After spinning about five LPs on it , I will be giving my USB turntable to a thrift store with the attached note
 I already had a turntable w / a USB cable and but I have several tapes I wanted to convert so for under $ 12 , this was worth a try . The package comes w / the unit , the USB to PC cable and a RCA cable to connect the unit to your tape-deck or turntable -LRB- it also came a CD -RRB- . Windows 7 recognized the device and automatically installed a driver -LRB- I did n't use the CD at all -RRB- . I already use Audacity for editing WAV files and I needed to do is set Audacity 's input to the new device . I pressed record on Audacity , play on the tape unit and that is it . I have other software I alread use for removing tape hiss and record pops/clicks/etc . so I ca n't comment on what was included w / the CD . Definitely recommened for connecting virtually any audio device compatible with RCA cables to your PC/laptop .
 I 'm satisfied with this product . It works just it is described , if you have many old cassettes that you like this works great . Just follow well the instructions , the software to convert the files to MP3 is not included you have to download it for free from a link that is not part of the company . But I 'm satisfied with this product . I ripped my Bryan Adams old cassettes and the quality sound is exactly the same as the old cassettes . I recommend it !!!
 I bought this to record a recording which is out of print to a CD as a gift for a friend . It worked fine and mission was accomplished . Quality was really good and my friend is really happy with the gift . Way too early to determine much more but for the price it was a really good purchase . Lots of little quirks which I 've found pretty typical of this kind of stuff but overall I 'm really happy with the purchase . Not a `` plug and play '' thing but anyone with a little tech knowledge and patience should be able to make it work .
 Product arrived fast . Great service . e-mailed me to let me know item shipped . Would of been nice to know that it 's a trial with the software included , but you get over 300 hours of recording time .
 I picked this up as a present for my wife . We 've found it very easy to use to convert albums/cassettes into MP3s.The initial setup only took us about 15 minutes and we have n't had any problems with the outcome . It 's nice and easy in that with a $ 4 converter you can pretty much plug it into any record/tape player via the headphone jack and you 're ready to go.I 'm very happy with the purchase .
 Easy to use . Excellent support -LRB- I had an early problem with my equipment and Xitel rapidly solved that for me ! -RRB- . The additional features are helping me to save some precious audio casettes to disc while improving the sound by removing clicks etc. . Have not tried to add the mp3 feature yet.Xitel INport Deluxe -LSB- Record From Your Stereo to Your Computer -RSB- Highly recommended .
 Like many people who grew up in the 50 's , 60 's , etc. , I had a slew of LP 's and wanted to start puting them on CD for my use . This little jewel really does the trick and make it easy . It also produces a very high quality sound .
 Purchased inport to connect to home stereo to transfer old records to discs . I am using it with my older laptop running vista . I did not use the included programs from Xitel on included disc . The programs seem to a little dated but probably work fine . I use Audicity -LRB- 5 star -RRB- . They also included a good quality 25 ' rca cable to get from the stereo to the Inport . Inport then connects via a usb cable into computer . Whole rig is a bargain and works great for me .
 Works great . Love it . Use it everyday , because I enjoy listen to my stereo system on my computer . Something I have wonted to do for years.Thanks for the product .
 An inexpensive way to transfer vinyl and cassette tape to cd 's via computer . An easy system to use and cleans up some of the &#34; clicks &#34; and noises in older media ,
 Xitel INport Deluxe does work well and is very simple to set up and use . My problem was the input from the older stereo I was using it on was at too high a level and causing distortion . It would have been useful to have some adjustable attenuation built into the interface . I ended up running the cables through an old Radio Shack audio mixer which knocked the signal down to an acceptable level.I am hanging onto this useful device . I think it is very straight forward and useable by most people with a basic knowledge of PC and audio -LRB- like , how to plug it all together and install the software -RRB- . However , if I had it to do over I would have bought a less expensive interface -LRB- USB external sound card -RRB- and purchased Roxio and a mixer to have more flexibility .
 Received the product promptly . It is simple to install and hook up . There is a learning curve that assumes you know a few technical things about sound and your computer . For a new user it took about 2 hours to learn to use all of the necessary features for downloading , editing , and burning high quality disks . The `` pop and click '' filter makes old Stereo Records sound great . After the learning curve , the actual use of the product is simple .
 INport does exactly what I wanted with regard to transfering audio cassettes to my PC and then to my iPod . Follow the directions and you shold not have any problems .
 Easy installation , easy connection , but ... The software apparently sets defaults that will cause you to lose your playback sound and there 's not much in the manual that tells you how to correct it . However , if you follow the instructions in the manual for setting up the InPort , then you should be okay . The problem comes from the install telling Windows to use the InPort for BOTH input and output !! You have to go into the control panel and modify the audio settings so that playback uses your sound card and line in uses the InPort . I found that Windows media player was also affected and had to tweak settings there as well -LRB- Tools > Options > Devices -RRB- . Once I had that done , I had my sound back and began the conversion . At one point I decided to use Goldwave instead of the LPRecorder , but found that there was no playback during the recording which made it a bit difficult to use , otherwise it was good and I could set Goldwave to record at the 24bit level . The Goldwave Pop & Click ; filter worked very well , I have n't had a chance to compare it to the Click filter in this software , however.The LPRecorder is not compatible with I-Sound at all . I-Sound will cause the recording to stop .
 My Grandpa has been wanting to put his records on to CD so he can listen to them in the car . I bought and installed this for him . The program is easy to figure out and I even taught him how to use it . He 's currently in the basement listening to the records as he records them on to the computer . Great product .
 how many of you have a stack of old lp ` s from a bygone era ? i have a large collection from the 50 ` s & 60 ` s. listening to them puts me in a nostalgic mood & brings back some great memories . yes , at my age i still have a memory . the turntable is a bit inconvenient when compared to todays playback systems . so i did some research -LRB- enter amazon -RRB- & came up with the xitel inport deluxe . i debated ordering this item due to the low price . lucky me , i decided to order it .60 lp ` s later without a hitch i am one happy camper . it comes with a complete software package , including a very specific on screen manual & a declick program . hey amazon how about 6 stars . this is an addition to my review . after transferring 80 lp ` s & 15 45 ` s to my computer . trimming the tracks , & removing the pops & cracks with the included soft ware i can truly say that this is one of the best buys that i have ever made -LSB- at age 76 i have made a lot -RSB- . i geuss it sounds as if i ` m overdoing this reviewbut this little gadget not much larger than a pill box plus the included software is an amazing bargain. ,
 This is a great little analogue to digital converter . I can find no fault with it 's performance . The software however is a separate entity . But with some time and practice , acceptable results canbe obtained . For the price , it is a good buy .
 Product is excellent . Some helpful tips . If phonograph needs a preamp get a good one . One preamp was noisy with low frequency hum . Using the preamp from receiver/amp was too noisy . A good preamp provided excellent results . No noise on silent grooves . First record attempt was on a laptop with excellent results . Second attempt was on a desktop . Recordings resulted in occasional sound skips . May be due to USB problems in the computer which instructions discuss . Instructions are excellent . Software very good . Recording process is slow since records have to be played at actual speed .
 This product does one set of tasks and does it very well - transfer the analog audio signal from LP or Cassette player into digital signal , edit it to reduce noise -LRB- called `` Clicks and Pops '' in the product lingo -RRB- , and convert it into a Wave file which you can transfer to iPod or burn into a CD . The only issue I have is that the resulting Wave files usually are HUGE -LRB- 300-400MB for one side of cassette -RRB- . I had to buy and use another software to convert Wave files into MP3 files -LRB- ~ 60 % smaller -RRB- and store away the old Wave files to save hard disk space . I wish this product software can allow me to get the final files in MP3 format or other formats that have smaller file size than Wave .
 PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS DEVICE COMES WITH ALL THE CABLES AND WIRES YOU NEED . DO NOT ORDER ANY OTHER CABLES . I DID , AND NOW I HAVE NO USE FOR THEM . WASTE OF MONEY . THE PRODUCT DESCRIPTION DOES NOT SAY THERE ARE CABLES IN THE BOX . THAT 'S BAD.My husband bought this a couple years ago , and he has put many tapes onto cd 's . It works very good , does take time though . I have over 400 cassettes , so this item will keep me busy for a loooonnng time . I will have to buy hundreds of cdR 's . My hubs paid 85.00 for it , so this price is a steal almost.WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO OTHERS LOOKING TO TRANSFER THEIR LP 'S OR CASSETTES TO CD 's .
 It 's a great product . Best advice is to really read the manual , understand what 's expected of you and practice several times using a non-scratched album . Usually , when you have a problem , it 's operator error . Xitel has excellent tech support also . Once you get the hang of it , it 's actually fun listening to the old one 's while you work . Good Luck ! It 's driving my wife crazy .
 I purchased this for my father for his birthday . The overall idea of the program is wonderful , he has been a longtime musician and is now able to record and save all of the music he 's written and performed from tape to CD . However , the program is not very user friendly . He was having some problems starting up and installing , and there really was no clear explanation of what to do . After he had figured it out he went to work on saving all of his music from tape to CD , and all of his old records from record to CD . What a great idea !
 This product is very easy to install and use . In couple of minutes , I was able to set it up . I used the phone jack to input the music from cassette player to the computer and it worked well.The reason I give it four star out of five is that it records the music in wave format and there is no software in the package that converts wave file to DVD/CD/MP3 format .
 Having tried several stream recorders to convert my cassettes to digital , with mixed results at best , I have to say that Xitel INport Deluxe , Works!When I first received it , I set it up only to find -LRB- to my dismay -RRB- thatI could not hear anything coming from my speakers , I referred back to themanual , checked several customer reviews -LRB- they do help -RRB- figured out what Iwas doing wrong , and then once I found a headphone jack with RCA femaleplug-ins I was go to good , within 2 hours I had 3 cassettes recorded , splitand stored in my external drive , the sound quality is great , I 'm converting18 year old cassettes -LRB- some even older than that -RRB- no tape hiss ! I have n'tconverted them to MP3 yet , but as WAV files they do sound good.It 's any easy product to install , configure and use , the manual explainseverything clearly , step by step , INport really is a godsend to anyonearchiving their analog recordings .
 This product IS amazingly easy to use , and extremely versatile . You can save a little money buying a different interface , but you 'll spend a lot more time trying to get things to sound as good . This is actually acceptable for making semi-professional digital copies of garage-band quality tapes . I was recently asked by the members of a band I once engineered to help them get their materials on line , and I was able to use this with almost no attention , right out of the box . It was so easy I returned the fee they paid me -- it was worth it just to hear some of that crazy music again!It also has a pop/click-removing piece of software ; it is made for the savage pops of vinyl ; it is n't as good with the clicks that you might have on old 1/2 inch tape due to magnetic build up , but it still does something . At the same time , I miss some of the imperfections of the old analog sound . I 'm not one of those snobs who can tell what is lost in digital -LRB- though of course I CAN tell the loss of fidelity due to an mp3 format -RRB- . But the hiss of tape added something comforting in the background ; it was like ambient music as a background FOR music . And we did n't appreciate it . But the pops I can do without . And so can you with this excellent product . In a few minutes you 'll be up and running . -LSB- 43 -RSB-
 I have been using this recording software for over two months now , and it has succeeded my expectations . I wish I had purchased this product much sooner . The installation and set-up was a breeze , and I began recording in no time . The sound quality is amazing . Although I did purchase Magix 's audio cleaning lab to re-clean some of the files that I have already recorded . The best part is that I can now listen to the songs from my vinyl records on my laptop or MP3 player .
 I have used this to put over 100 vinyl albums and at least as many tapes onto CDs . It comes with software that clean out most of the `` clicks '' on the vinyl , and it is easy to separate tracks . Well worth its price . And , in addition , it came with about 15 feet of heavy-duty copper cable !
 I was looking for a high quality product that would allow me to transfer audio tapes and vinto digital files ; to be stored and played on my computer of other digital sound devices.Xitel INport Deluxe efficently does all the above . It comes with its own software , however , I use my own.No need to pay hundreds of dollors to transfer quality !
 Wow , very user friendly . Amazing . 100 % satified . Good sound quality , easy to instal the software , easy to record , easy to do the wave correction -LRB- take out the unwanted pops -RRB- , easy to separate the recorded wave file into individual wave file -LRB- each song per wave file -RRB- . Worth the money paid .
 I got this couple of month ago as my Creative product died after 2 years . I have converted about 100 tapes to CD 's as well as mp3 files . I have used this product to take the audio output from my old Nakamichi tape deck and hook it up directly with the USB port of my PC . The softwar is amazingly easy to install and use . The configuration infromation for the PC is accurate and easy to follow . The editing software is user friendly and easy to use .
 The device was everything I had been told . The instructions were easy to follow . The software was easy to install and operate . Now I am having fun getting reacquainted with music that I have not heard in years .
 I love this product . I , as of now , have found no faults with it . I allows me to record my cassette tapes , especially my mixed tapes , onto my computer so that I can burn them onto a CD or into mp3 format . I also found it great for recording songs from DVDs . Those wonderful ending credit songs that you ca n't find anywhere and theme songs from anime . It has saved me a lot of time and money . I have not yet tried recording records but do not foresee any problems .
 nice little item . perfect , i connected it to my mixer & tuntables and i 've converted my records into mp3 and its amazing the clarity i hear when playing them in my ipod . it 's software is perfect also . now i can hear my old school records in new school ipod .
 Since I am not a computer nerd , I was nervous about ordering this product but am so glad that I did . It works great and was easy to install . I will now be able to enjoy my stereo records on CD 's in my car . Super product.Marilyn - Manistique , MI
 This is a very good product . Works great and is used offten . The seller is a very goodbuisness person . Thank you
 This is a great product . It is easy to use and worked as advertised . I have converted my entire tape and record collection to MP-3 and WAV files and they sound great ! Just plug into USB and connect to the speaker output from the player . You then trim the tracks and fill in the track information . The program to elimate pops & clicks works great too .
 It could n't be easier to set up and the quality is excellent . You 'll need your own USB cable , however . The software is a little basic and outdated , but works well -LRB- I tried it on my XP and Vista Ultimate 64 bit machines -RRB- . It captures audio quickly and easily and allows you to QUICKLY separate into individual tracks with the ability to trim in/out points with ease . You can only output to . WAV files , but the software prompts you to download an . MP3 codec but for some reason I have n't gotten it to work yet -LRB- I 'll get it sooner or later -RRB- .
 I ordered this plus -LRB- based on some other person 's review -RRB- a Y-cable that was needed to plug it into the headphone jack hole on my old 1998-ish boom box that had a good cassette tape player built into it . I used this rig to convert an old 1958 family Christmas party recording that was originally on reel-to-reel tape and had been transferred -LRB- through the air I believe -RRB- to a cheap Taiwanese cassette sometime around 1980 . Surprizingly the finished product sounds great . I had no problems with the software , and the cable connections could not have been any easier . I also converted a very horrible noisy family history interview tape of my grandfather 's brother from 1978 ... it still sounds horrible , but certainly slightly better than it did direct from the tape after I used the click-removing software on it . I 'm very pleased with this gadget , though I ca n't think of much else to do with it now .
 Funny how even with instructions such a simple device can still be so confusing . Maybe it 's because the cassette player I was using I purchased from a brontosaurus , but overall it did work well . With a more modern tape player , the whole process might have been easier . Nonetheless , mission accomplished with this product which actually came with much more in the box than expected , including a substantial length of good quality cable.If making it all happen had n't been such a chore , I would have given this 5 stars .
 I was able to get it to work fine on the records ounce i down loaded some different software , but not with cassettes . All in all it seems to do what it is supposed to do . The software was just to out of date .
 OK , so followed the instructions , setup my HP-laptop with windows 7 , plugged things in and what do ya know , it worked . First thing I recoreded was an old cassett tape with the full version of in-a-gada-da-vida and it sounds great . Went to my old Dell system with XP and did the same , so I know it works on these systems with very little problems . Now I got this big wav file and want to condense it to MP3 . Here is where the trouble started , and I do not recall reading this in any of the reviews , though I bet there is one , I just missed it . The software that came with this device is of the version 2 , and the MP3 encoder found on that website listed in the instructions require version 10 , so I downloaded the trial version and it work as described so went ahead and paid the 19 bucks for the LPRipper upgrade and it works with no problems with the recorder software that came with this device , so all is good . 20 bucks here , another 20 bucks there , and now I can save all my old cassetts and records to CD and the computer and not worry about scratching a record or the player eating a tape.If you know how to tinker with computer settings and can follow directions , this thing will work for you , but if you want a plug and be done with it , let someone else do it for you or do n't bother so you do n't give this good device a bad review.I do wish I had this years ago when all my reel to reel tapes were going bad . They are gone forever and ca n't be replaced , and most were live recordings from USO shows in Nam . Priceless and lost .
 I 'm not sure of this product because it did n't really work . I seemed like it had something missing inside the box .
 Usually when it comes to stuff like this I am very cautious , but the price was right and I needed something to record my mixes to my computer . The hardware works great ! The INport RCA-to-USB hardware has been a great investment , but the software is kind of lacking . The built in software does NOT offer MP3 support -LRB- ca n't save files as mp3 -RRB- , but if you 're looking to record your vinyl to . wav and then convert from . wav to MP3 , it 's not a bad system to have . With options like pop and hiss removal , it 's a good way to save your record library .
 This is a great little gadget . I am using it on my laptop to record my old music to CDs . It couldnt be easier . Just follow the directions and your off . Glad I got it .
 It 's not often you can write a glowing review of a product , without hesitation or reservations . This is it ! It does exactly what it says it will do . The manual is clear and easy to understand . I was up and running in no time with no problems . I ca n't speak highly enough of this product . If you are a non-techie , like I am , have no fear - it will accomplish all you need and in no time at all . Amazing and perfect !
 I use the Xitel INport Deluxe to transfer old audio cassettes to CD format on a Mac with Soundtrack Pro as my capture and edit software . It came with long RCA cables & USB cable and worked right out of the box with no driver downloads needed . Of course I did have to adjust the input and output settings in my software . As far as I can tell the sound quality is true to the originals . It is solidly built , unobtrusive on the desk , and very reasonably priced .
 I searched through the comments and could find no reference to using this device with the Linux OS , so thought I 'd provide some quick feedback . I bought this device a few years back , and never had any problems using the supplied software on Windows XP , but a couple of years ago I dumped Windows and now use Linux exclusively -LRB- for many many reasons , but that 's another story ... -RRB- . A while back I needed to transfer some audio , so decided to try this device , and it worked flawlessly . It was immediately recognized by my system . I am running Linux Mint 10 -LRB- Julia -RRB- . For software , I installed Audacity -- a free and very popular audio recording/mixing/effects software for both Windows and Linux . To use INport , it is first necessary to go into Sound Preferences -LRB- from the volume control icon -RRB- , and under the INPUT tab select INport Analog Stereo as the source and Analog Line-In under Connector . The input volume is set to roughly midrange . That 's it -- default settings seem to work fine in Audacity . Since Audacity is far more than a simple recorder , there is a small learning curve , so be patient with it and read the Help section . I 'm fairly computer and hardware savvy , but anyone should be able to get this to work in time . There are , I 'm sure , more simplified software available through Linux , including pop and hiss removal , etc. . Anyway , just thought I 'd throw this out there for anyone trying to make this work under the Linux OS .
 Based on the many positive reviews on this site I ordered xitech inport deluxe and have just spent all day fiddling with the program to no avail . The software pretty much stops with Windows Vista platforms and I had to surf for fixes to settings to resolve issues with sound . I finally contacted the manufacturer via e-mail and received a prompt response . This version is not windows 7 ready but they offer a new version 10.1 for purchase three ways
 Good little gadget ! I am using this to record talk tape cassettes to my hard drive to burn CDs . Sets up on XP easily and VISTA with a little study . The sound quality is an improvement over the cassette tape player analog audio and the CD plays well with a cleaner sound on my newer car player . Will convert any RCA plug amplified audio -LRB- records , 8 track , cassettes , CDs - whatever -RRB- to store on the computer hard drive . Just plug the RCA audio cable to the stereo output / earphone jack and record .
 well , I must say once I cleared the learning curve on this thing I 've decided its an impressive piece of equipment . I am not a computer nut but maybe an advanced amateur audiophile at best . Its all there , it does exactly as it is advertised . It loaded onto Windows XP no problem . Plugged it in to USB , downloaded the program and within minutes I was running . It is important to note that there are 3 programs included and all three need to be loaded for it all to work . With a bit of trial and error I 've been able to make some very good quality CD from some of my favorite tapes . There is a learning process involved but I feel like with a little practice one could get pretty handy with it . My advice is to not be afraid of it .
 Software could be easier to use . I have Cakewalk and it is easier to seperate the tracks and save to MP3 . They recommend Audacity -LRB- Free web download -RRB- for other editing functions , but I found it hard to use . The sound quality is great , depending on your turntable . Also the picture on the package is deceptive , giving the impression you can connect directly to a turntable . You must patch through a pre-amp or the audio out on your receiver .
 I received this product and have been using it for a couple of weeks . It is exactly as advertised . It is very easy to use and the software is extremely user friendly . I am amazed at the quality of the recordings . I would definately recommend this product !
 I love the InPort Deluxe . Set up was a glitch-free breeze , and the included software -LRB- LP Recorder , DeClick , LP Ripper -RRB- work exactly like I 'd hoped . Pretty intuitive , not too many parameters and options to cause confusion . Sounds very nice , probably better than the original record once you declick it.The DeClick program does indeed work very well . I prefer to set the LP Recorder level manually , rather than using the Auto Level feature . This is because when listening to an LP MP3 file next to a CD MP3 file on my MP3 player , the Auto Level record feature causes the LP files to be a little softer than the CD files . Setting the LP Recorder level manually to `` 39 '' creates LP MP3 's that are the same volume as CD MP3 's for me . I detect no clipping using this record level.Although I have 1400 CD 's , I still have 700 LP 's . A significant portion of my LP 's are still not available on CD . I 'm tired of waiting for the record companies . This product allows me to bring my remaining LP collection into the 21st Century . I 'm now having lots of fun with this product , listening to my LP 's at the gym on my MP3 player , and burning them onto CD 's for the car.InPort Deluxe met all of my requirements , exceeded my expectations , and I would recommend it to anyone who still has a pile of vinyl or cassettes .
 I bought this elsewhere but checked after I bought it on Amazon for opinions before I opened the package . I need to transfer a large collection of 45 and 33 RPM records to CD 's . I am using a Technics turntable and a Steinberg preamp to feed the unit . It works great !! As for the software it does a good job of recording , cleaning up the noise and clicks and ripping to individual tracks . I have run the software on Windows XP Pro and currently am running it under the Vista Operating System . Everything is compatible and works fine . The documentation is fine and I was up and running in 20 minutes.I would recommend this product without reservation .
 I set up my Xitel Inport Deluxe -LRB- received as a gift -RRB- yesterday and recorded and saved a recording of a two sided LP record . The process went very smoothly after in initial learning period and I got no errors at any point . The software that comes with the Inport does exactly what it is supposed to do if one follows the documentation carefully . I was especially impressed with the ability to remove pops and clicks -LRB- present with most older LP records -RRB- from the recorded wav files . The most difficult part of the process is learning to use the feature which splits the large single wav file into separate recorded tracks which correspond to the songs on the LP . Once I understood that it went smoothly.The most time consuming part of the whole process is simply recording the whole LP record side which obviously must be played from beginning to end while Inport records . Once that 's done , processing of the file , removing pops and clicks , and splitting and finally renaming tracks into the original song titles went pretty fast . Those tracks of course can be saved on your hard drive and , if you wish , burned to a CD-ROM -LRB- using other software supplied by the user -RRB- which I did.Finally I can permanently preserve some really old jazz and classical recordings that probably are no longer available anywhere . I 'm REALLY impressed with the Inport Deluxe Kit !
 I looked everywhere and called a lot of electronic stores that could transfer my cassette recordings to compact disc . I have a lot of very rare live recordings that will never be available on CD . Cassettes lose their magnetism -LRB- or sound crispness -RRB- after several years , so this was critical . It also records from LP 's . The unit is very easy and intuitive to use . Just plug your left and right -LRB- analog -RRB- cables into the unit and computer and go ! The device is carefully made with a high performance processor that picks up the highest clarity of sound without distortion . All the terminals are gold-plated , which makes for the best sound transfer . Plus , it works with every Windows program -LRB- I have Windows Vista -RRB- . However , with Vista -LRB- unlike XP or earlier versions -RRB- , you 'll need to request the latest version of ` LP Recorder ' and ` LP Ripper from the manufacturer . There is an Auto Level feature that records the optimal sound for you , but I found that if I played with it a bit I could get LP 's to sound a little better than with the Auto Level . The additional software also helps you remove ` clicks ' and ` pops ' from the LP 's , but it wo n't remove all of the noise - nothing is perfect.I searched around and this is not only one of the best analog to digital transfer devices available , it is very affordable .
 I purchased this for the sole purpose of transfering tapes onto cds . The tapes are roughly 25 years old and are of artists that are not considered mainstream so finding cds of these groups are very hard to find . Having played with the program a few times I got the hang of it and the three steps are easy to do . The cd I just burned sounded great and a family member could n't believe that it was a copy from a tape.There is a two things laptops owners should know before purchasing this . I found this information in the troubleshooting section .1 . No other programs should be running and that includes virus checking programs . -LRB- This effects the data flow -RRB- 2 . The data flow can be severely effected by the power management of the CPU.I did n't read the manual to the end . So the first time I used the program I found that there was a humming sound in the background of the recording . When I used the de-click program it found over 200,000 clicks . After reading over the troubleshooting guide I realized that those two things may have affected the recording . After turning off the virus protection program -LRB- was n't connected to the internet -RRB- and adjusting the power management I re-recorded the tape and did n't hear the humming like I did before and the de-click program only found like 8,000 clicks . Even though the number of clicks were high it clean it up nicely . Overall it is a good program to use and will be well used .
 Product is excellent does what it says and then some . Instruction for installation and operating are very easy to follow -LRB- a winner in my book -RRB- . I had issues unrelated to this product running into problems with the stereo I was using in the fact that it did n't have outputs for audio so I was forced to use the headphone jack which required further purchasing adapters for the RCA cable was a bit frustrating but had nothing to do with this product . I converted 2 albums last night into wav files cleaned them up with the audio cleaner included in the software . Used the editing ripper included to split the 1 recording into separate tracks , actually the software does that for you but you have the option to preview there start and ending points for each of the tracks in case it may be off . I only had minor adjustments the ripper was pretty much on the money , overall . I then downloaded the encoder recommended to work with this software and converted the wav files into mp3 's with no problem . This is an excellent buy for those out there looking to do there own audio transfer of lp 's and cassettes . The sound is excellent on playback .
 I bought this to transfer LPs to CD . It is simple to connect to the computer , and the software is easy to use . Just be sure when you download the MP3 encoding program , to put it in the same directory as the LP ripper.The LP recorder works well and is very easy to use . The LP Ripper , makes it easy to trim the tracks , and then encode them as MP3 files.When saving them as MP3 's I can get approximately 20 LP 's on one CD.I am very satisfied with the product .
 I bought this to transfer my vinyl over to mp3 to use when I traveled . My laptop does not have a level line in . I did a lot of research and found this to be the best option . However , I had assumed that this was a 24 bit recording device . The files I have recorded all show as 16 bit recordings . I love my vinyl collection and wanted the best sound possible . There are other 16 bit external sound devices on the market that allow input and output through a level line to usb connection , and they are a bit cheaper as well . My first thought was I had made a big mistake for those reasons.However , the more I use this device , the more I like it . I still wish it had 24 bit recording capability . If it does and I am wrong , I hope someone lets me know . The ease of use makes up for this minor negative . I turn on my laptop , hook it up and hit record . A clean , great sounding recording is made . Run it through the adjustable click removing program and you have a great recording . Then convert it to a 320 bps file and it sounds wonderful still , keeping a lot of the life that we enjoy our vinyl for . I can tell the difference in recordings I have done from my vinyl and rips from the same album on cd , which makes this unit worth it to me.So ease of use and the quality recordings it makes definitely make this a worthwhile device . Just remember that you need a receiver or preamp that allows you to run out to the device if you want to record vinyl . Other formats will go directly to the unit.The bonus 30 foot cable helps get the sound to your computer and seems to be a decent quality cable , though a shorter one would n't hurt if you are set up close to your audio system . Coiling it up on the desk has not caused any odd hum , so it is n't really an issue . The only thing I would recommend is to not have your headphones plugged into your laptop , as this has caused a slight hum in my setup.I would give this 5 stars except for the fact it is 16 bit and the company does not mention that fact anywhere , which seems a bit cheesy to me . In actual use , this device is a winner , you will not be disappointed .
 This device allows me to record anything that plays on my stereo into a recording program on my computer.I recommend it .
 Was n't sure this would do what they said it would , because it was so cheep , but guess what ? It does ! Working on getting my record collection from the '60s & '70s tranfered to cds . Might take me till 2020 cause I have so many , but glad I have this to save my records !
 I 've been converting several hundred records and cassettes with this product . The software that comes with it works very well -LRB- but is for windows XP , 2000 or earlier -RRB- . There is a an upgrade to windows 7 from the software provider for about $ 40 , but I did n't need that as I still run XP on one computer . With the included software , you can only get wav files . This worked fine for me as I then loaded them into iTunes , converted to AAC -LRB- MPEG -RRB- files . I 'm also amazed at how many songs on my old LPs and tapes get matched with iTunes Match -LRB- 60-70 % -RRB- . Even those that do n't sound really good , given the `` declick '' software that comes with the product . Best $ 12 I 've spent at Amazon .
 I was skeptical , but the product works perfect . The instructions were key however because if you do n't follow them step by step , it may not have worked as good . I used a mint condition walkman with new batteries . My computer is a windows xp that is sub par at best . It has a decent ` clean up ' feature that removes pops and the editing for the wav is slick and easy to use . I highly recommend it .
 Now THIS is customer support . I bought the product in May , just got around to installing the software in November , and the registration key -LRB- password -RRB- , said `` incorrect password '' . I emailed Xitel support in the evening , and the next morning I had a personal response from support with the software in an attachment , and directions to back it up to a CD for future needs . Wish everyone backed up their products with this kind of support . I have n't actually used it yet - will come back and add a review when I use it .
 This product arrived in top shape faster than 1st class mail . I am no electronic pro but the setup was perfectly simple . I have tons of old jazz cassettes that had been sitting in the closet and just asking to go on Wav to a permanent Mp3 player . Perfect for the gym workout .
 This USB converter works just great -- simple as that . It installed within seconds using XP -- just plug it in to a USB port -LRB- they recommend AGAINST using a hub -RRB- . The included software -- LP Recorder , LP Ripper -LRB- separates tracks when recording an entire album -RRB- , and WaveCorrector -LRB- gets rid of clicks and pops -RRB- -- is really quite good . This also comes with a good quality set of VERY long RCA cables . To convert the . wav files to . mp3 , I am using Audacity -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -- free , excellent software -RRB- . Download the LAME . mp3 encoder -LRB- there is a link in the Audacity FAQ section -RRB- , and you 're good to go in no time . NOTE
 Easy to use great for what I needed take my old LP 's and put them on my computer and later move them to a CD.Read the manual !! Next will be my cassette 's
 I purchased the Xitel INport about a month ago and the hardware and software work and connect as advertised.The input program , LP Recorder , is very easy to use for both records and cassette tapes.The first time I used the LPRipper I needed a little time to learn how to use the wave corrector-de-click and the WAV file-splitting software . Also the software does n't include the conversion program from WAV to WMA so you need to obtain the Jodix software . Once set-up , however , it all works pretty well .
 Took a while to figure out best way for device to work for me . Had to run to Radio Shack and buy a cable to make it work . Once working been having a blast with it .
 After trying a Behringer interface device and recording by RCA phono cords , a stereo amplifier 's earphone jack , and through a Logitech USB microphone , with noisy results from an Acer Windows 7 laptop 's sound card in connection with NCH 's Golden Records , I bought this device with its dedicated recording and declicking software , and it works beautifully . For Windows 7 , one should follow the instructions for Windows Vista . I found it necessary to connect a preamplifier to the Xitel InPort device with RCA phono cords in order to make a stereo recording , as the earphone jack on the preamplifier produced only monaural left-channel sound .
 Works better than expected . Great to convert music to the pc . Software is very nice . Works fast.Price is very low .
 this little gadget is great , performed as advertised , `` awsome '' I highly recomended to anyone and best of all the price is wright .
 I rated this device with four stars only because the software package , though it 's quite sufficient for my needs , is all old revisions . This does NOT mean it does n't work well , only that none of it is the most recent release . That said , I found the applications pretty easy to use after a little experimentation and delving into the help file . If all else fails , read the instructions.Like so many other reviewers , I 'm a baby boomer with an LP collection of about 150 or more vinyl discs . I wanted to preserve them digitally so I could burn CD 's or download them as MP3 's to an iPod , and also to make sure I could keep my music in case of fire , flood , storm , or other disaster . Only a few are available in digital format , so the preservation job is up to me . While surfing around Amazon recently , I chanced upon this little gem and , seeing that it 's exactly what I need , I ordered one . For less than $ 20 including shipping , why not?The device worked perfectly ! I 'm running WinXP Pro SP3 on the laptop I 'm using , and the software installed without a hiccup or hesitation . There were two reasons I had a false start with the first record
 The product is working great.Installation was easy.Recieved it in a timely manner.Recomend the Inport to those who want to cross your computer and stereo .
 I had finally taken on the job of converting my 70 's collection of LP 's to CD 's and MP3 's using a Vestax turntable when the microphone input on my laptop soundcard fizzled out and was generating very bad recordings with many dropouts . For $ 11 this product really saved my LP-CD operation . It came with a USB A-B cable as well as a really long RCA cable , both of which could cost the $ 11 alone at Radio Shack . The USB sound device was automatically installed by Win XP , and quality of the recordings is very high . I have n't tried the included software , as I had long ago purchased a copy of MAGIX audio transfer software .
 Everything you need to record . I 'm a Dj and needed to send out a Demo but did n't have any means . Got this hooked it up and just like the my mix is done and recorded . Excellent product .
 Well hate to tell you about this product because it works so good i almost want to be selfish and keep it too my selfyou will not be disappointed Xitel INport and it 's Simple software we converted over 50 old audio cassettes with amazing resultsget one today
 For it 's rather simplistic and effective use , I ca n't help but rate this well . I transferred a load of personal song recordings which contained hours and hours of work from cassette into digital format . Having these recordings on the pc now give new life to my old tapes , which in my estimation were practically doomed for being on cassette .
 It 's hard to believe what you can get for under $ 20 . I have this hooked this up to the record out of my Jeff Rowland pre-amp . Installation on my computer was hassle free -LRB- read the instructions -RRB- . The bundled software takes an hour or 2 or 3 to get familiar with so do n't expect to be ripping vinyl in 5 minutes . The sound quality of the ripped vinyl is great . After ripping and de-clicking -LRB- definitely de-click it improves the sound immensely -RRB- . I export the audio as loss-less FLAC and or AAC using Audacity . The FLAC sounds as good as the vinyl -LRB- maybe better as there is no extraneous noise -RRB- . Since I always listen to entire album sides I do not bother with breaking up the individual songs which is a big time saver.If you wanted your vinyl on your ipod or media player , this is definitely the way to go if you have a real turntable .
 This Xitel Inport Deluxe -LRB- Record From Your Stereo to Your Computer -RRB- does everything I expected . The instruction are very , very easy to understand and follow .
 Although the instructions were initially long and somewhat convoluted I was able to move music and voices from both cassette tapes and vinyl to my computer and subsequently to CDs . There is still an issue of converting the WAV files to MP3 .
 I am quite happy with the INport Deluxe . It has performed just as it was advertised to do on their site .
 Read the directions first , but works with out any problems . I am using a high end cassette player , but a simple player with audio outputs will work too . You can use a Walkman with an adapter but I think you may loose some of the quality .
 I had been searching for something like this for wuite a while , and was delighted to find it here . IT worked exactly as advertised , and I was able to transfer some original recrodings onto the computer to create CD 's of my original music !
 I do n't often write reviews on amazon . But these tech nerds did an extremely awesome job with this interface . It records in stereo and has its own sort of proprietary limiter/compressor -LRB- essentially a volume control with auto-level tracking -RRB- for the sake reducing clips . They did a beautiful job of engineering , here . I have been uploaded old cassette tapes from 30 years ago . I use this in conjunction with Sony soundforge and do lots of wave edits . I have little doubt their own editing program is fine . I am just completely used to soundforge.This is the perfect interface and is very HIGHLY recommended .
 These are by far my favorite sticks from Vic Firth ! They feel great in your hands and produce a very crisp sound .
 Great sticks , they 're well balanced and have a really nice feel . I think they 're a definite good purchase , and they feel like they 're last for a long time .
 These are as advertised
 I BOUGHT THE COMPLETE SET OF REMO FIBERSKIN 3 HEADS FOR MY LUDWIG 1966 4 PIECE SET , BASED ON INTUITION . I WAS SURPRISED . THE SOUND IS AMAZING ! I USE THEM FOR RECORDING AT THE STUDIO AND THE RESULTS ARE EXCEPTIONAL . VERY DEFINED LOW TONES . HIGH PITCH OVERTONES AND RINGINGS ARE ELIMINATED , MAKING THE DRUMS SOUND HUGE . I 'M GETTING ANOTHER SET FOR MY LUDWIG 1965 HOLLYWOOD KIT . I RECOMMEND THEM FOR THESE TYPE OF DRUMSETS . THE ONLY FLAW IS THAT THEY DO N'T LAST TOO LONG , WHEN COMPARED TO PINSTRIPES , BUT APART FROM THIS , THESE ARE GREAT DRUMHEADS .
 This is a warm , head that resonates well for achieving an open sounding -LRB- but not ringy -RRB- sound . As shown in my customer-supplied image at the top of this page , I have one drum kit completely configured with this model.The best characteristic - for me at least - is I can tune high into the bop range and still have a tone that is warm . I can not do this with my most used heads - coated Ambassadors - because while I get the pitch I am seeking , I do not have that warm , dark quality . Granted , that sound is not for every occasion , but there are some rooms where this head series is a perfect match.I always pair mine withRemo Renaissance Diplomat Textured Batter 12 Incheson my reso side , which - for me - allows me to quickly dial in the sound and tone I want . You may want to experiment with resonant heads to find your own ` sweet spot ' . For special purposes , such as those cited above , this is an excellent batter head for rack toms . Certainly they can provide another sonic texture live or in the studio .
 I actually thought this item was very nice . I 'm in the drumline & my friends go to the store to buy sticks ; and they are $ 22.50 ! I thought this was a steal when i first saw the price , then i received the product and i was pleasantly surprised . They are the same quality as in store , and they arrived very early ! -LRB- 4 days early ! -RRB- I love it and I do recommend buying these .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift . Also , got a skin for it , and a new set of sticks . All for a very good price .
 These sticks were suggested to me from a friend who is an exceptional rudimentary drummer . I wanted to get back into this and work on the things my first drum teachers tried to teach me . -LRB- When I was 12 all I wanted to do was play drums like the drummer from that new group -LRB- Led Zepplin -RRB- . -RRB- So now at almost 55 I decided to get back to basics . The feel of these sticks is a little like two fence posts the first time you play with them . As I 'm getting used to them I notice where I 'm putting pressure and my technique is really improving ! They are a great stick and I will buy them again !
 As a long time drummer with a little bit of professional experience , I love these sticks . They feel great and theyre pretty durable too . Definitely a great buy .
 The Ralph Hardimon Vic Firth Drumsticks were worth every penny spent to buy them ! In all honestly , while searching for snare sticks that would best fit me , I was expecting them to cost all more than what I was able to buy them for off of amazon . I 've been playing with these sticks for awhile now , so I have NO complaints !
 If you are purchasing these you already know how great they are . If you ar n't then I would have to say that these sticks are pretty . White really reflects light so when in dark situations these sticks will stick out and catch your audiences attention . Also great for video capturing as well as the white creates a distinction .
 Excellent product , the Ralph Hardimon drumsticks make a great gift . In the music stores they are usually sold out . When givenaway they are really appreciated . Thank you very much .
 My all time favorite marching sticks . Have been using these since the late 90s . You just ca n't beet them .
 I purchased this product 3 months ago . The drumsticks are still just as good as they were when I got them . Excellent rebound and fantastic in every way . Because of them , I am officially a Vic Firth drumstick fan . I could n't imagine having a better pair of sticks !
 Great mouthpiece . However , if your used to a smaller rim similar to an mc farkas , it may take some time getting used to .
 I bought this for my 8 year old son to start learning native drumming . It was simple but has a great sound . Loved it .
 Arrived in three days in very good condition . Very sturdy and well built guitar case . My 12 string fits perfectly . A bit heavy for a smaller person .
 This case is a little cheaper than average , but it does n't show at all . The quality is in line with pretty much any other case I have seen.I bought this case for my Fender DG guitar . This guitar fits in the case with absolutely no pressure at all , but does n't feel like it is moving around in there , so I think it is okay . The guitar is one of the smaller dreadnoughts , so I guess that is expected . Also , it is a cutaway , so that creates just a little extra space . My Epiphone fits in there great as well -- it is a really snug fit for it.The section for the head is really large . This is great if you like to leave a capo on the head , since it fits in the case with the capo on.The lining is pretty nice , and there is some give to it , which is great.The only complain would be that this case is a bit on the heavy side . This is an old-school case , so it is not really for carrying around . If you want to carry your guitar on foot all day , maybe look into a bag , or a newer fiberglass case .
 I gambled and purchased this on Amazon for 69.99 . It is a very sturdy case that is well worth the price . I could n't be happier with this purchase .
 just needed a guitar case to mail my guitar around for now ... the guitar case arrived in decent shape . a hole in the box , and a small 1x1 centimeter damage mark where the leather got broke free or something though . . i 'm overseas so a little bit of wear/tear from shipping is to be expectedi have a F-310 yamaha guitar , and like another reviewer stated earlier , its an EXTREMELY tight fit ! it DOES fit though , so i 'm happy with that . most other dreadnought guitars as far as I know are n't as big as the F-310 so they should fit betteroverall im very happy with the look and feel of the case , and pleased with my purchase . i got what i expected . 5 stars from me
 My fiance bought himself a guitar while in Afghanistan , but neglected to think about how he would get it back home . He had ordered a case , strings , and other guitar swag from a popular online music store and they canceled his order a month after because they `` do n't ship to APO boxes '' ... which is crap . I read the other review on this product and thought `` perfect , if it worked for him , it 'll work for me '' so I bought it and had it shipped to my fiance . This case got to him in 2 weeks , no hassle and no issues . Thank you so much for making something easier for him , it means a lot to me : -RRB-
 I bought this for my teenage son who had just purchased a pretty descent guitar for himself . It 's hard case is very durable and the inside of it protects the guitar well . He has had this case for maybe a year now and it still looks like new ! He loves it .
 The green crushed velvet inside is a classy touch . Some glue that holds the velvet in was visible , but other than that , seems like a solid case . Heavy but sturdy . My boyfriend loved it for his acoustic .
 I got a Sierra lefty dreadnought , and this fits perfectly , and is quite solid . The plating on the buckles and hinges has n't worn off , which is my usual complaint with cheaper hardshell cases .
 I normally use the thinnerRemo Batter , Fiberskyn FDmodel on snare drums that I have configured with Fiberskyn heads . However , on some drums I need a slightly heavier head to attenuate ringing and this head is perfect.What I particularly love about this head is how versatile it is . It 's perfect for low volume playing , but also works well with louder music , such as New Orleans second line drumming , and in all cases imparts a warm , vintage sound to your drum.In addition it 's perfect for brush playing because the textured head works almost as well as a coated head for ` catching ' the brush wires . The advantages of this surface over a coated head is you do not need any break-in time for a new head , so out of the box it is not going to sound harsh . And it allows for a very smooth legato sound which is especially nice on ballads.If you prefer the sound of coated heads for brushwork , but want to retain the warmth for stick playing , I recommend theVic Firth Steve Gadd brush , which has the tips of the wires slightly bent to ` catch ' the smoother textured surface of this head.Of course , if you normally prefer heavier heads , then this model is going to be a perfect match because of its relative weight compared to theRemo Batter , Fiberskyn FDmodel.One final note
 This is simply the best woodblock out there . Do yourself a favor and spend the extra money for a great product !
 Good price for good quality . I 'd recommend it everyday of the week . One of the only ones I could find for a reasonable price . Has great shiny chrome and is a good piece of equipment !
 This is my 2nd one . I restored a vintage drum set I bought in the 70 's and they look great . I highly recommend these .
 This is a fun and beautiful instrument . It was shipped very quickly and sounds great ! I would suggest this for anyone who enjoys music .
 These maracas are truly well designed musical instruments , not just noise makers . I would recommend this pair to the Latin percussionist as well as the orchestral percussionist . The articulation and smooth sound produced for orchestral style playing is absolutely beautiful and continuous , and can be controlled very easily for soft rolls , crescendos , and even decrescendos . They are also just small enough that they can be held with one hand , freeing the other one up for other auxilliary percussive duties .
 Got these Maracas for my Neice and she loves them , they have a great musical tone compared to the cheap little ones you get in childrens toys . My neice love music time .
 I am very pleased with this item I purchased . Would recommend to others .
 If you are looking for a deep sound to your toms , this paddle will surprise you , are perfect ! Ideal to put in the bottom of your toms .
 After working w / Hand 's of Steel John McCarthy 's Lead Guitar -LRB- Techniques for Creating Solos -RRB- makes it all the exercises and practicing worth while . I would recommend to start and practice the techniques of Hand 's of Steel so they can achieve the full benefits of the Lead Guitar Techniques for Creating Solos . There 's a lot of good stuff in there and it 's well worth it if the musician is prepared .
 If you are looking for a deep sound to your toms , this paddle will surprise you , are perfect ! Ideal to put in the bottom of your toms .
 I use the EQ in my bands PA system . It is very quiet and the feedback circuit makes ringing out the room very easy . Definitely worth the price .
 I have used Sony , Shure and others and for the price this can not be beat . Four stars as the headset is not the most secure but the mics have good range and pickup . The system served without glitches . Make sure you get the 3 prong mini-xlr connector as the pin connector is not as secure and will pop with body movement . For $ 300 you ca n't beat the ROI for a 4 mic system . Make sure you use the XLR balanced outputs and not the line mixed to avoid cross talk .
 We used some wireless mics for our church in the past , was not very successful , they tended to cut in and out . But we bought this set for our new year party , they worked great , no cut in and out , no feedbacks or whatsoever , we are planning to buy another set when our budget permits .
 I love this mic line mixer . I can plug four mic eq them all or four line inputs in a compact 1u rack mount . Another great Rane product .
 If you are looking for a deep sound to your toms , this paddle will surprise you , are perfect ! Ideal to put in the bottom of your toms .
 This mic is just plain great for meetings . I am a public official on a government board with 8 other members . Each Board Member has one of these mics which feeds the PA system . I find it very sensitive , the on-off switch reliable , and the quality is good . My opinion is `` Highly Recommended ''
 Since I purchased the Shure MX418 , my fellows notified me significant upgrade in P.A. system .
 This is a great bag for anyone who has 22 '' cymbals , but is constrained by budget . It 's basically a slightly larger version of the 20 '' bag Zildjian offers -LRB- see ASIN B0002D0HNK -RRB- , and shares the same strengths and weaknesses with the smaller bag.Strengths
 How to carry a vintage 64 Ludwig 20 inch bass drum that seldom leaves the house was my quandary . So I thought I 'll just get and inexpensive cover and be really carefu.l Since I seldom take it to live gigs why spend big bucks for so little use . So I found this case that would meet my needs and was cheap . Thinking I 'd be getting basically a dust cover , I was surprised to find a large box delivered instead of some thing all folded up into a packing slip bag . This was/is a good bag , fully lined and padded , strong zippers and a really decent cymbal pouch on top . Plus , strong nylon straps in all the right places . Super pleased with the product and with the delivery which showed up a day before expected . I will get more of these and from this company in the future . Thanks for the great turn around .
 Ovation is a company that knows how special guitars are to its customers . To meet their customers desire for quality protection for their instruments , Ovation makes available these hardshell cases with a form fitting interior . I 've an Ovation that is almost 20 years old now , and I 've hauled it through a good chunk of the midwest . The case has quite a few scuff marks , but the guitar still looks like new . I know that some of the bumps and bruises the case has endured over the years could have seriously damaged the guitar if it was in a lesser case . I would n't own an Ovation without the case , the guitars are too nice to not want them properly protected . Since the cases are form fitting , make sure you do purchase the correct model case for your guitar . You 'd never get a deep bowl guitar to fit in a shallow bowl case .
 This tail piece brought out a great sound in my violin . And it looks good too . Well worth the money .
 I purchased this case in September 2007 for my Ovation Celebrity 12 string and it still holds up well to this day . You ca n't go wrong with the manufacturer brand guitar case to match the guitar . It has your typical soft inner lining and hard shell . The convenient case near the neck of the guitar is great to store picks and extra strings . Due to Ovation guitars unique structure , this case only works with those and has a bowled back.If you have an Ovation guitar , get this and you wo n't regret it .
 Impressive at first sight . Solid construction , delicate interior . My recently purchased Ovation Elite TX 1778-5 fits perfectly . The only flaw
 This case is very well made and sturdy . Fits my Celebrity nicely and has storage for your picks , strings etc. . I would recommend this item to a friend . Contrary to the picture , there is no white lettering on the case which if fine with me . Do n't have to worry about it wearing off . If you want to protect your guitar , I highly recommend this case .
 This is exactly what 's needed to protect and carry safely , my new 2778AX-NEB guitar . More than delighted with the finish . Very solid construction and not heavy . The case has the Ovation name and logo impressed into the hinged lid . Highly recommended for use when transporting your guitar .
 Smart housing system for my baby , my lefty Ovation Celebrity practice model.I like the solid shell and plush interior too . Lotsa -LSB- sic -RSB- piece of mind locking her up in this for driving to the space , flying anywhere , or temp storage in my room between practicing times when I am out at work or whatever.Decent price . Nice value . Perfect fit for the bowl shaped resonator backs Ovations have as proprietary .
 The case is great , its not meant for the super shallow guitars , but is works just fine for mine . It arrived quick and has a solid construction . I recommended it to a friend who also bought it and loves it .
 this case is brand new , with stamped -LRB- embossed -RRB- ovation logo . the inside is plush , and formed to the ovation round back . delivery was swift , very happy .
 I bought this case for when I travel , and I have to say it does it job and then some ! The interior is soft , and fits the guitar perfectly . I have the Ovation Elite T 1778TX , and I couldnt be happier with my purchase !
 Arrived as requested , Packed amazing well considering its a hard shell guitar case . now the most important part ... fits my brand new Ovation round back perfectly , as it was advertised to do ! I will order again and suggest to friends they order from this group ! Thanks for a fast friendly purchase !
 They sound great on my ABG . They have a punchy sound with a focus on mids , kinda like a acoustic P-Bass . Im very happy with them and I got them here for a great price .
 Excellent Speaker -LRB- s -RRB- . I have a Marshall stack CabA -LRB- 1960 -RRB- with Celestions in it as well as a Fender Deluxe with a Celestion in it so I figured what would make a great addition to my Behringer 2x12 ? - A couple of Celestions.I had heard of their great sound , especially in recreating that 60-early 70 's rock sound full of bluesy feel , so I had to try these out.They blow away the Jensens that were in my cab prior to the uplift . I like them just as much as the Celestions in my Marshall.Great cleans , beautiful tones , awesome distortion . -LRB- Big Muff Pi -RRB- . They warm up really well and play great at low or high volumes .
 Ordering on amazon from AMS was cheaper and faster then direct through AMS . makes no sense but oh well . Running 4 of these to a Fender Hot Rod Deville 60 watt amp ... . AWESOME !!!!!! Finally found a setup that matches up with my old Fender Bassman with dual JBL 15 's
 PRODUCT ANALYSISThe product is ok . I was a little disappointed that while many celestions were available via Amazon Prime Shipping , this iconic speaker was not . So I waited a while for it -LRB- about a week as I recall . -RRB- Product wise , I purchased two of these at two different times . So I generally like the product . The first one I kept , the second I returned -LRB- still sealed , never opened . -RRB- With respect the the Greenback speaker sound - I comparied it to a Jensen C12N , an Eminence Legend GB128 , an Eminance Cannibis Rex , an Eminence Swamp Thang , and a stock Eminence speaker from a Fender Blues Jr. . I liked the Celestion Greenback the best of all of those for blues . It had the least `` harsh '' highs and a smoky warm blues tone . Reminded me of the `` bluesbreakers '' type sound . All of these speakers were compared in the same cabinet , in a true A/B test , with the same amp , at the same volume . Sounds are subjective and I 'd caution any review readers that you have to test these with your own ears and decide what you like . Also , how they sound playing alone and how they sound playing in a band mix can be somewhat different . In the end for speakers , like many musical decisions -- let YOUR ears be the judge.I later compared to a Celestion V30 in a closed back mesa cabinet and to Celestion MC90 in an open back mesa cabinet . These were both English made speakers - but it was not a completely apples to apples comparison as the greenback was in a blues Jr. cabinet . The Enlish made Celestions sounded better but I have not fully determined if that is due to the speaker or the cabinet difference . Until I can set up the test for a fair A/B comparison in the same cabinet etc , I will not be certain but it seems to me there is an audible improvement between the chinese greenback and the English V30 and C90 . I expect some of the difference is due to the larger cabinet the english speakers were in , however.When I do that , I will try to remember to return and update this review to reflect my findings.My 1 star deduction is based solely on my impression of the product specifically , and not on the service analysis that follows . Overall very good product . I would have rated it 4.5 if I could have . I think I am learning I like the Celestion V30 better but I 'm pretty satisfied with the greenback that I kept.SERVICE ANALYSIS AND POLICIES AS PART OF THE PURCHASE EXPERIENCENow for why I would buy this product from a store next time and never again online . The major reason - is the online returns policy is dramatically inferior to a store return and quite expensive compared to what you would get buying from a store.Here 's the story . The first speaker - I kept . The second one I ordered I decided to return still sealed and unopened . -LRB- While waiting for the slow shipping my plans and my gear changed . -RRB- So I filed my amazon return , printed my labels , and took the product to the UPS store to ship it back . That cost me $ 27 at a UPS Store . I agree that was my issue to deal with since I returned the product due to no fault of the seller and no product deficiency . But I woud n't have had to pay it if I bought the product in a store , and I 'd have most likely been able to purchase the product at a little bit lower price.While the price was stated at purchase as $ 125 with free shipping , and the invoice shows $ 0 for shipping , when the refund came back I was charged $ 13 for the original shipping , even though the invoice at time of sale and the represented shipping price at the time of sale was $ 0 . I contacted the amazon marketplace seller -LRB- Gear Nuts -RRB- and they failed to do anything to refund the balance . Terrible service and a misleading policy . I had to open an Amazon A to Z guarantee claim to get the $ 13 back . Needless to say , I would never buy from that seller again . But Amazon did the right thing and got my refund on the misrepresented shipping.What I learned from the experience is that I will never again buy a speaker online instead of in a store and I 'll give a lot more thought to any other purchase of any item over 3 lbs because the return costs are so high on anything with weight.I have purchased half a dozen speakers online in the last 6 months and just one return but in retrospect , I could have gone to a store like guitar center and the price is exactly the same price I paid online . I would most likely have been able to negotiate it down 10 % -20 % at the store , but could n't do that online . They would order the speaker and have it in 2-3 days vs. the week I waited buying online . If I wanted to return it , I would take it back to the store and they would refund every penny of the price -LRB- at least they would if it was sealed like mine was . -RRB- with no BS . I would be out exactly $ 0 , or one could argue , the price of gas for two trips to the store -- buying and returning . Let 's call that $ 6 or just under 5 % of the purchase price.Returning the speaker online would have cost me a total of $ 40 or 32 % of the purchase price of the product , had amazon not backed me up on getting a refund on $ 13 of that . And it still cost me $ 27 to ship it back which is 22 % of the purchase price.So in the future , for any purchases of any musical instrument or component other than small items that are inexpensive to ship , I will not buy on amazon - I will go to a store . The return policy of the major stores is just so much better when you have an issue or a change of heart , and frankly the prices are better in the store IF you negotiate . Maybe it 's the economy but I 'm finding more flaky sellers on other online places like E-bay too right now . Buyer beware.BOTTOM LINEA good product . Note the 25 Watt power rating means its great for lower power amps -LRB- like a Blues Jr -RRB- , or you need to string 2 or 4 together to run these with a high power amp -LRB- like in a marshall 4x12 cabinet -RRB- . Smoky tone great for classic rock and blues . Not harsh on high notes . Slightly less articulate highs vs. some other speakers . Buy it in a store rather than online for the best price and the best return policies and risk/cost on returns or issues .
 I 've used several of these over the past few years and they 've worked pretty good overall.Occasionally I 've gotten one that arrived damaged , but it was replaced without too much trouble.These are n't the best high-end dimmers , and you should be careful not to overload them . But for the $ $ $ , how can you go wrong?I would n't recommend these for permanent installations in theater , but they 'd work fine for display or small venue DJ lighting , etc.There is come confusion as to the capacity of these dimmers - the advertising is different from what is physically labeled on the dimmer pack itself . And even a call to the manufacturer resulted in a somewhat sketchy answer . So if you are an electrician - do the math yourself . If you are not , then err on the side of caution.I give this item 4 stars , despite its shortcomings , but when you consider that the comparable standard NSI/Leviton dimmer packs are $ 400ish , for $ 120 , again - how can you go wrong ?
 This dimmer was sold under a variety of brands which all look similar . These dimmers are actually fairly well designed , however , none of them are rated for continuous use at 20 amps . I own eight of them under various names , but all the same inside and am very happy with their performance , especially under low wattage loads . These dimmers will operate with only a 15W lamp , which is tough for a dimmer.Make sure when you get it that it is not the `` New Version '' which has a knob on the front and a rope-light output . This is a different design and does not work as well .
 Good Mallet , good over all have yet to try it on a xylophone to see how it sounds -LRB- the reason I bought it -RRB- I just wish it said that you are buying a single mallet and not a pair . Could have appreciated the heads up .5 stars on the product3 on the description
 Bought three for my crystal singing bowls ... Vic Firth Kalani 's Circle Mallet 2 , Soft , Large red rubber ball ... I like them better than the long wrapped flat ones !!! Yes they leave some red residue that will wash off ! But I really like them .
 I was looking for a a mallet for my son to play on a wood drum -LRB- AKA sound drum AKA tongue drum -RRB- . These are soft so they are not dangerous , but their softness also means you do n't get much sound out of them either , when playing this type of instrument .
 I love my Ultimate Keyboard stand and I like that you can add tribars to it . The tribars are sturdy and do what they 're supposed to do . The only complaint I have is that the rubber anti-skid pads that are stuck to the bars come off . the ones that came with my stand lasted a bit longer but they 've all come off too making a sticky mess where they were . They really need to use a better adhesive -LRB- perhaps heat-resistant -RRB- but other than that , the long tribars are great for larger keyboards like Yamaha 's Motif XS8 or similar .
 Easy to install , nice crisp tone . GHS is one of the best string makers , IMHO .
 These are great strings , with roughly average lifespan , and sweet tone that 's a little on the mellower side of things , but not so much that they 'll hold you back from harder rock styles . They stay in tune well and I 've yet to have one break . Bends are a breeze , and slides are smooth and quiet thanks to the roller-wound bottom strings . Chord changes -- particularly barre - and power-chord slides and changes -- are much quieter than with normal round-wound strings , and these are easier on the fingers as well . It 's not a tremendous difference
 I use these strings or the yellow pack Ernie Ball nickel wrap strings . I really do n't know what ones I like better I just know they both sound and feel really good .
 If you like that vintage gibson nickel sound you will like these . If you like a brighter tone you may want to try nickel plated steel .
 The reason other reviews are saying negative things about this set is because most drummers fail to acknowledge that you ca n't hit the pads too hard or they WILL begin to break . I opened the box christmas morning , easy to assemble , WAY more portable than my old acoustic set , I used this one in band practice today , my band mates love it . My only problem is the EQ of the 3rd tom , it does n't make as much sound as the other toms . I fixed this by tampering with the individual drum volume settings . It works for me because i do n't have much space in my house anymore
 I bought my Simmons SD5K drum kit in June 2012 . I also purchased a SD9K kick pad to have a double-bass option -LRB- sadly , I could not order another matching SD5K kick pad -RRB- , 2 Tama HP30 kick pedals , a Mad Katz Midi-USB adapter for Xbox 360 , a 6 ' Midi cable , and a splitter for the double-bass option . My main purpose of purchasing this kit was to have a starter kit to learn to play the drums -LRB- quietly -RRB- , and to be able to use this kit to play `` pro '' drums on Rock Band 3 for the Xbox 360 via the Mad Katz Midi-USB adapter . For those said purposes , and for the price -LRB- about $ 600 altogether with all the bells and whistles listed above -RRB- this kit has been exceptional . The only issue I 've had was that one of the tom/snare pads was faulty after about 3 months of playing about 5 hours daily -LRB- somewhere around 500 hours of heavy usage -RRB- . I * was * disappointed that I had to replace one of the pads so soon after my purchase , which is why I give this product a 4 star review instead of a 5 . However , the customer support I received was better than I had hoped . I called Simmons , talked to a rep for about 15 minutes , and I had a new pad at my doorstep in about 4-5 business days . No questions asked , no S&H charges , and I did n't even have to return the old pad . And I still have another year and a half left on my standard 2 year warranty . For $ 600 , you really ca n't complain . A comparable Roland or Yamaha kit will cost you at least 4-5 times that much .
 I had wanted a set of electrics for a long time and got these on Black Friday . They are fantastic for practicing when everyone is asleep , playing along to mp3s etc. there was an issue for me with the double pedal so I went back to a single and it is helping me to build my speed.These are a MUST HAVE for any drummer living with other people who gets the 2AM desire to play ! ! !
 This review is gna be on every little detail of it.I bought this barely used from a church for 300 bucks and it was a great deal if you can get it used.first off the whole drum set is VERY QUIET when the bass pad is not touching a wall.second : the snare and tom pads are all the same -LRB- obviously -RRB- they do not give you much pf a bounce back but there super quiet.third cymbals are a little bit louder than the pads.there pretty standard for an electric set.foir the bass drum is not that great.you CAN NOT PUT A DOUBLE BASS ON IT just so you know.its not the quietest bass pad you can buy.the beater on your bass pedal will bounce back a little . -LRB- sometimes when you hit it the wrong way it will deliver a double instead of a single -RRB- . so of you have a parent that doesnt accept alot of noise this is the kit for you.incredible kit for a beginner !
 The sound is very good , I was surprised , this is my first electronic kit , I am used to accoustic drums . The only thing I do n't like is that I have to purchase an amplifier to hear the drums without my headphones .
 We bought this for our daughter who is a beginner and this kit is great . It is easy to set up and takes little space . The versatility and the ability to learn using the controller are excellent . I was on a touring road crew for 15 years and am very familiar with what makes a good drum kit . As others , I agree that there are better kits out there . If you are a professional or even a regular drummer , get a professional kit . If you are just a tinkerer or a beginner , this is a great kit for the money.Pros
 Nice , nice , nice drum !!!! So many people compare 's drum with other brands but it has all that I need . its perfect
 I personaly think this drum is the best drum iv ever played . I play for my church and when its hooked up to a big sound system it sounds like the real thing . I love this i couldent stop playing .
 My question is does anyone know if this drum set can be set up to be played left handed ? Please answer by just writing a review in response to this one . Thanks
 Arrived in only a few days , the chin rest is very well made . The bracket is solid and operates smoothly . The cork pads are full and well placed . The wood is smooth and has a beautiful grain . My daughter loves it even though the color is very dark and does not match the other rosewood pieces on her viola.This style of chin rest was recommended by her orchestra teacher and did improve her hold on the instrument .
 My kids -LRB- 2 and 4 -RRB- received these as Easter gifts . They have been well used , and well loved . One egg got played with in the pool -LRB- do n't ask me why -RRB- and the paint bubbled , it had to be thrown out . But the other two are still going strong . Nice , brightly colored , wooden toys . Plenty of sound to join in our impromptu family band with triangle , tambourine , drums , accordion and xylophone .
 I bought these for my toddlers but the older kids keep `` borrowing '' them to make music of their own ! Bright colors , durable and a nice sound .
 This snare is really excellent for several reasons . The 13 '' makes it easier to fit between your legs especially when playing a double pedal . Then the depth of the drum allows a good projection and a deep sound , while at the same time when tight tuned you get a fantastic combination of high pitch , fast response and serious volume . It is not a piccolo . I do not need to add any tape or gel of any kind , the harmonics are easy to control . In addition to this , it is very beautiful , and definitely the snare I used the most compared with my other snares , wood or metal .
 I 've been playing for 18 years and I have never had a live snare that sounded this good . I am usually a DW guy but this snare surely compared some of the best . I do alot of studio work but more live sound and all my snare drums are made for studio . This is perfect for live sound . Thanks Pearl !!!!!
 I received this item in 3 day 's after purchasing it . The item arrived in perfect condition -LRB- no issues with shipping and packaging -RRB- . The Snare came tuned but , at a low pitch . It only took me a few minutes to tune the drum and get the tone and pitch I wanted . For the money , this is a great sounding snare drum for someone who wants a high crack with tonal sound -LRB- fat -RRB- and articulate response . Nice Snare Joey !
 Let me start out by saying I 'm a big of `` crack '' sounding snare . For this reason I 've tended to favor 13 '' piccolo snare drums for live situations . As much as I like traditional piccolos , I 've concluded the sound they deliver is a bit `` shallow '' and lacks overall warmth.I was happy to discover this model which maintains the smaller 13 '' head while having a deeper shell . Within minutes of turning and playing this drum , I knew it would deliver exact sound I have been seeking , a lethal combination of `` crack '' and warmth . I could n't be happier with this purchase . I 've already used it in two live shows and other band members have taken notice of improved sound .
 I bought this snare for my little brother who is just starting out w / drums . He 's a HUGE fan of slipknot so why not get em a drum he 'll be into . after he got done bangin on it for a while i jumped on the kit and i cant stop playin this thing . Out of the box it sounds and feels great . Im not the biggest fan of slipknot but I might just have to keep this snare for myself :-RRB- .
 Anything that joey makes or does rocks and if you dont believe me check joey playing with it live , the snare kicking assWith the pitch black colour and trible `` s '' on each side it adds to this -LRB- sic -RRB- drumITS TOTTALY WORTH THE MONEY !!!!
 This Mic windscreen is performing beautifully at Holy Cross Catholic Church . A blessing for our Easter services . And now lectures at church can speaker clearly without the poping of `` P 's '' in their words . We can focus on the bible readings and not cringe with the poping .
 These are very good strings . Nice tone . Give them a try you wo n't be disappointed . And there not expensive either .
 I play fingerstyle jazz and pop electric guitar , and for me these are perfect . I was looking for the pure nickel windings , with a wound 3rd and these is that plus , for me the string weight is perfect . I like the .011 first and the .013 second string because it solves the age-old problem of the second string being too hot in relation to the first as far as how it 's picked up . That goes for the wound 3rd as well ; it 's easy to balance the hottness of it now . I also like the larger .050 low E , because i like a meatier bottom end . I put these on my Samick JZ-4 jazz box . -LRB- replacing Daddario Chromes .011 set -RRB- , and they 're pretty bright right now , but they 're easier on the neck and they feel good . Since i play some pop , the brightness is ok . I 've been sort of obsessed with finding the perfect guitar string for my style , and these may just be them !
 I 'm very happy with my new Saffire . Great sound , great pre-amps , latency very close to zero , very portable for a FW audio interface , a great compressor among the DSP plugins . Nothing to complain about it . Note
 SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS , PERFORMANCE AND SPECIFICATIONWINDOWSOperating System * Windows XP Service Pack 2 -LRB- Home , Professional , 64bit XP or Media Centre Edition -RRB- or Windows Vista -LRB- 32bit and 64bit - all versions -RRB- Computer * Windows XP compatible PC * 400Mb/s IEEE1394/FireWire port -LRB- OHCI compliant recommended -RRB- CPU/Clock * 1.4 GHz Intel or compatible * 2.0 GHz Pentium 4 or Xeon recommended for 192kHz operationMemory -LRB- RAM -RRB- * 256MB or more * 512MB or higher recommendedAPPLE MACOperating System * Mac OS X Panther -LRB- 10.3.3 or later -RRB- - Mac OS update may be requiredComputer * Apple Mac Power PC G4 , G5 or Intel Mac -LRB- any -RRB- CPU/Clock * G4/800 MHz -LRB- minimum -RRB- * G4/1 .5 GHZ or higher recommended for 192kHz operationMemory -LRB- RAM -RRB- * 256MB or more * 512MB or higher recommendedADDITIONAL INFO * Firewire chipsets from TI -LRB- Texas Instruments -RRB- , VIA , and NEC are recommended * It is highly recommended that Saffire be run on its own Firewire bus/card * In order to use Saffire with a 4-pin IEEE1394 port you will need a 4-pin to 6-pin cable -LRB- not included -RRB- and must use the PSU -LRB- included -RRB- Mic * Frequency Response
 This product improved the soud of my acoustic guitar . These strings deliver a nice bright sound . These strings last long and even being confortable to press the resulting sound is adequately loud .
 I liked the bright sound and ease of play for these GHS Ultra Light strings , but seems like the strings , especially the G string , lost their life after about a month . I changed them out after they started sounding dull , and probably would not get them again .
 I have almost all my students purchase these chinrests . They are more comfortable and help them hold their violins correctly . I like that they are all plastic and hypoallergenic . The only problem is that they do n't fit with all tailpieces . I have a centermount on my violin and I love it . I would recommend these to anyone .
 Easy to put on and really perfect . I was not sure whether to get a chin rest for the middle but this seemed the best of both worlds as it goes over the middle too and not just a little piece . Very comfy for my 8 yr old .
 I have been playing violin for 7 years -LRB- as of May 2013 , that is -RRB- and have used this chin rest for 4 of those years.IT is very ergonomic and comfortable , not to mention very economical . It is made out of hypoallergenic material that is very durable , and my 4 year-old chin-rest looks brand new still.The clamps actually hold the chin-rest to the violin by means of two very small phillips head screws . The clamps themselves detach from the chin rest if the device is entirely unscrewed , but is very easy to put back together.No more fiddling with a bent paper clip trying to screw those nasty old chinrests!Five stars and then some , from me !
 Despite spending a fortune on the violin the original chin rest we received had metal pieces directly over the tailpipe which scratched our son in the neck . These well made plastic ones are smooth to the touch so even if they do hit him in the neck -LRB- which is unlikely as the are not directly over the tail of the violin -RRB- there are no complaints .
 We like this item , my son love it . After 4 years of unsuccessfully trying to fix my son posture , finally the violin teacher suggested that we change the shoulder rest and the chin rest.Honestly , the difference is so obvious , my son is holding is violin better and he is not complaining of any sshoulder or back pain anymore.We glad , we did the purchase.New orleans , LA
 I purchased this slotted nut after the nut on my beater 1970 's Aspen D-28 -LRB- it 's a faithful Japanese copy of the Martin D-28 -RRB- split down the middle . The installation was rather quick and painless and I got to hear the difference almost immediately after purchasing it . Before I replaced the nut , the guitar did n't sound bad and it was on the louder side -LRB- at least a good deal louder than my Martin DC16-GTE -RRB- but after the replacement , I noticed the sustain and clarity had significantly increased.This is a great product for anyone looking to replace the nut on their acoustic guitar . Just make sure that you measure the length of the nut on your guitar before purchasing this .
 I bought this item as a backup for a head that has a hole in it -- I have n't installed it . But I can say that it was well-packed for shipment , arrived in a fairly timely manner considering the Christmas season , and appears to be in pristine condition ... undamaged mylar and a level rim .
 Great design and durable glass . Works as advertised , and attractive to boot . I definitely recommend it for anyone that hates reeds out of the box .
 I purchased this gift for my baby brother . I was very impressed with the size and quality . He really liked it and we are very satisfied with our purchase !
 I have an 0-16 Martin guitar . Martin recommends using silk and steel on this model guitar . But I prefer the sound of bronze wound strings . These strings are a bronze wind on a silk core . So they provide the brightness of bronze without stressing the neck . They sound really good and are nice to play .
 If you have an imagination then this thing has no limits . So easy to use just plug any thing into and out comes the most insane beat synched effects . I plug guitar bass keyboards vocals and even other drum machines into it . I plug it into the returns on my mixer and use it as an f/x on all the tracks . The sound this thing makes is amazing . Makes you 10 times the musician . I love it . Buy it .
 It is a great form and excellent quality , but it was too tall for my neck . I nearly exchanged it for the 24mm model , but I found an Arcos Brazil one that works better for me . JSI and Amazon both have excellent Customer Service and will definitely buy from them again .
 The guitar arrived flawless . Great guitar for the money.would recommend for the begginer . With a proffesional sound . Will sound as good as an expensive.one.this was a gift for one of my children and.she loves it.thank you .
 This guitar was a nice little addition to my fleet . After small adjustments it plays nearly as well as my other acoustics at a fraction of the price . It 's the perfect guitar for keeping in the living room , near you always , and if the dog knocks it on the floor , you wo n't get mad . You wo n't be dissappointed in this pretty little gem .
 My daughter loves her new white guitar !! It has a great sound and definitely a great price for this instrument
 I am a guitarist , have been for sixteen years ; I wanted an inexpensive ukulele to bring with on a motorcycle trip and thought a baritone would be great , I do n't have to re-learn tunings and fingering - perfect ! This one was better than expected , where else can you spend $ 30 and get a ` playable ' instrument ? This thing should cost twice that for its quality . Some people complained about the uke not keeping tune - tune it , wiggle vigorously on the strings , tune it tomorrow , and in the next day or two the new strings will hold tune as good as any other . I loved this thing ! Played it every day , which brings me to my one drawback
 I had gotten a $ 10 coupon from Music & Arts and went on-line to see what I could get . I have several different ukes , but I saw the Rogue Baritone Uke for $ 30 , looked at the reviews , and decided $ 20 , why not ! This has the greatest sound I have heard . Yes , it is n't the perfect looking uke , but it plays really great . I even purchased other strings to change them out when I got it , as mentioned to do in other reviews , but the sound is so good with the stock strings , I 'm not touching them . Some of the bad reviews about the breaking was due to wrong tuning . This is DBGE , NOT GCEA unless you buy the GCEA Baritone Strings -LRB- which I did , but probably wo n't use -RRB- . You ca n't go wrong with this instrument ! My husband loves the sound , too !
 Very inexpensive item , so do n't expect a professional quality instrument . It is , however , better quality than a toy instument . Good for someone who wants to learn without breaking the bank . A little adjustment on the tuning gears with a screwdriver helps the uke hold tuning . so , for the frice , I would recommend this uke as an acceptable starter instrument .
 This is an inexpensive baritone ukulele and as such there is something to be desired as far as quality . But this is a playable instrument and definitely worth the price if you do n't expect perfection and just want to experiment with a ukulele.The action -LRB- distance from strings to fretboard -RRB- is a little high so it is a little tough on your fingers . But things like that are to be expected for the price.Unlike the reviewers that say it does n't hold itself in tune , I found that it just needed to relax in . After a couple weeks it was fine . Nylon strings ALWAYS take time to stretch.Do not buy this Uke if you are a serious uke player and want a higher quality instrument for years to come.If you do n't know if you will continue with it and you just want to experiment then it will make a great fly-swatter if you give it up for harmonica . Although ... as a fly-swatter it is rather expensive . : - P
 This was my frist ukelele I purchased and It goes out of tune quite often you would have to tune it ater about 3 songs Id recommend getting a geard tuning pegs to keep it in tune but a great beginning uke ! MAHALO !
 I 'm really enjoying my new barri uke and find it beyond expectations especially considering it 's low , low price.Frank Griffin
 This ukulele is perfectly fine for those beginners.its perfectly priced for someone interested in at least trying this instrument.it sounds fine its not the best by any means . its not a toy its playable.that being said . its not very well painted it might just be the one i received but it appeared to be spray painted it even has paint on the frets and on the bridge.thats not a major problem by any means . and i still say go for it buy one if you are interested in the instrument .4 / 5 :] comes with a case too its neat!i just tuned it to the highest four strings of a guitar dgbe
 I bought mine from Musicians Friend , in fact I went to their warehouse and handled it before buying . I bought the only one I saw , did n't have to pick and choose . I did have a plan when I picked it.I 'd read the reviews , so I knew what to expect . I took it home , took off the strings and tightened the tuners . Only one was loose . I saw that it was pretty well made and I knew Rogue had to scrimp somewhere , other than crappy strings , and I found it right where I looked . A tenor uke has a scale of 16 '' to 18 '' . This baritone has a scale of only 19 '' . It 's little . I put tenor strings on it and tuned it as such . Now , I do n't have a small baritone , I have a big tenor.It seems well constructed , good resonance , nice tone . The frets could be smoother around the edges , but it 's a $ 30 instrument . Mine was a good buy .
 I was looking for one case for my acoustic guitar ; I bought this one for a reasonable price and it fits perfect .
 The clear dot on the underside makes all the difference . The coated black dots are nice , but the clear dot is a tiny bit thinner than the black dot . This results in a head that feels exactly like a coated ambassador , with a bit more low end tone .
 I bought this flute on an instructor 's recommendation when I was 14 and was taking lessons , this after I broke the key off of a previous flute . It was obviously built to last a lifetime as I am now returning to take flute lessons 8 years later and it is still in great condition . A quick polish and it is good to go . Great for a begginers flute as well , it does cost a little more than some flutes out there but if you expect to still be playing a year later its best to go with a quality flute instead of a flimsier cheaper model .
 Any clarinet player using the originally provided mouthpiece -LRB- stock -RRB- will find that the 5RV improves their sound dramatically . Many reputable middle and high schools require students to use this mouthpiece -LRB- or the B45 -RRB- . For students using an R13 Clarinet , they should be sure to get the mouthpiece that Selmer manufactures to fit that instrument - 5RV13 or B4513 . If you 're considering one or the other , it 's best to try them both as they have different sounds and can help solve different issues for each player . The B45 has a wider opening -LRB- between reed tip and mouthpiece tip -RRB- and therefore allows a slightly fuller tone . But it comes at a loss of control , especially in the upper register . Another consideration would be the M15 -LRB- 13 series !!! A = 440 -RRB- that a lot of high school and college players really like as well . Many companies will ship all three and allow you to test them first . If you 're just looking for a quick improvement , the B45 is probably your best bet . If you 're a little more serious , you should take the time to determine what fits you best.Finally - Use good reeds and rotate a few at a time !!!
 Only good for reeds from 2-4 strengths . Beyond that get a different mouthpiece . Anyways I have an E11 with this mouthpiece and the Vandoren Optimum , and I 've had 3 professionals say I have the perfect set-up . Helps you really to get that round sound .
 This is the 6th Vandoren 5RV I have purchased -LRB- keep in mind there are three of us in our home who play -RRB- and this is a great mouthpiece , especially for the price . There are nicer , more expensive ones out there , but there are also a lot of crappy ones out there that are cheaper or in the same price range or more . This one is tried and true and good from the beginner to professional levels .
 I loved this mouthpiece since the first note was played.I have a Buffet C12 clarinet that came with a ... Noblet ??? mouthpiece . The pairing was okay.I tried the 5RV Lyre and it was as if the tone wanted to produce itself . Producing tone was so easy and the sound was lovely ^_^ I even tried the Vandoren B45 and B46 to compare but came back to the 5RV Lyre each and every time . Control in all registers is superb and there is virtually no back pressure allowing my embouchure to relax just a bit . I pair this with a Vandoren 3.5 reed and a Rovner L5 Light Bflat Clarinet ligature . I look forward to hearing how well this combo works at the next band rehearsal .
 WE purchased this for my daughter ... and we could not be happier ... Its top quality and even her band director praises the sound she gets now . Its the best mouthpiece you can buy and well worth teh $ $ $ $
 I am a sax player that is learning clarinet . The 5RV sounds great and is easy to play . I ca n't say much in terms of tone as I am playing on a $ 100 Winston clarinet , but the 5RV is definitely and upgrade from the stock mouthpiece the Winston came with .
 IS VERY GOODEASY AND STABLE IN ALL REGISTRYBEAUTIFUL TUNING.VERY WONDERFULL.FOR ME IS VERY REVOLUTION . I 'M VERY HAPPY.MAX VENEZIA
 Better than any mouthpiece normally provided by the instrument manufacturer . Easy blowing and fits the instrument well . Not sure of the difference between this and the Vandoren B45 , but cheaper .
 Better tone and more free blowing with my daughter 's Yamaha clarinet . Private lessons have been so helpful with playing and getting instrument set up for success . Highly recommend custom mouthpiece with Rovner ligature , and Vandoren size 3 reed .
 So I am an above average clarinetist and 13 years old . I am pursuing a musical career to be a conductor so I need to get extremely good at the clarinet and piano . Well I bought a Bufffet E11 and wanted a better mouthpiece with it ; so I did some research and found the 5RV . SO I bought it and do n't regret it it sound great and my three professional clarinet techers say I have the best combination I could have . So in the end I love it so far ONLY BUY THIS IF YOU ARE AN INTERMEDIATE PLAYER ; maybe for a beginner to but make sure you or he/she is going to play the clarinet forever . I do n't know if you should buy a Vandoren reed with this ; I mean that Vandoren +5 RV = meant for each other that maybe the case , but I do n't know . BUY THIS MOUTHPIECE !
 I bought this mouthpiece for my 1930 French Selmer full-Boehm clarinet after carefully comparing it with other Vandoren mouthpieces , as well as those by other makers . At that time I needed a mouthpiece that could facilitate the special techniques required for playing folkloric music -LRB- Balkan , Greek , Klezmer , Middle-Eastern -RRB-
 The Best Choice I could have made for my Slingerland vintage set restoration . Allowed me to add the logo where it belongs and saved me from adding a kick port .
 Very impressed with Aquarian on this one . I have used other brands before but thought with the good price on this one , Id give it a shot . AMAZING , provides a quick snap decay but NO annoying low end reverb . I am positive you would be able to adjust this however you 'd like your bassdrum to sound , but as for how I have it tuned . It sounds perfect , classic solid kick with no annoying reverb .
 Just what she needed ! She has found just about everything she had needed on Amazon ~ Would buy from again . . Thanks
 This was the moughtpiece recommended by my son 's band teacher . Actually the B45 . But when I investigated , the Vandoren web site said the B45 dot had the same tone , but was easier to play . My son has been using it since January and likes it . Shipping was quick , even during December . And the price on Amazon was excellent .
 It is awsome !! Love it . Sounds like Angels playing a instrument . Fast shipping , wonderful delivery.Amazing price . Complements a Buffet E11 . You will definetly not be sorry , you will be wondering why did I not buy it sooner . I am so happy . I found it at Amazon of course where else.Happy Clarinet playing . Many THANKS !!! YAY !!
 What a bargain ! I got it for half the retail price , brand new . A much smoother sound . It was my first purchase from Amazon and it wo n't be my last .
 I bought this mouthpiece Vandoren B45 Dot Bb for my daughter and she 's happy , with the new mouthpice her ABS resin clarinet has improved the sound , and I also bought the ligature and cap Vandoren , and Gonzalez reeds.And about the seller , I 'm happy too ... All items were shipped on time and everything was OKThanks
 I agree with the previous rater `` George '' this is a subjective rating . However , I subjectively find these picks to be right for me , with the .63 mm size perfect for acoustic and the .5 mm size to be slightly better for electric . -LRB- Edited 10/24/10 to say that is no longer the case . With the last string change on my Strat I changed strings to Fender 250L 9-42 instead of bullets and for the 250s the .63 mm is better than the .5 mm . So when my last .5 mm wears out it will be history . -RRB- Features in their favor is that they do n't have that objectionable little divot seen on some other brands of picks , they are symmetrical and they have enough surface ` grab ' so they do n't go flying out of the hand like yet other un-named brands . Plus white is not as cheesy looking as most picks.How long does a pick last ? These will do for several hours of playing , especially if every hour or two I turn them over or change corners . All picks wear out and become curved with use , and these may last a bit longer than average . Or not , depending on playing style .
 Yeah , I hear that all the time from friends when they see the .38 gauge Claytons I use . I 've been using them for the last 20 years and not about to stop . I even ordered specialty .38 s with logos from them 4 years ago . I gave up ` tire iron ' pick back in the day ; just felt like they were dragging too much against the string and slowing me down . With these , I get a clean , articulate pick attack that does n't rasp against the strings . If I need a harder attack , I 'll slightly bend it ... but I 've been doing this for years , so it takes a bit of getting used to . They do n't break as easy as you 'd think , but when I do rapid temelo picking , that 's when the 3 points come in handy ! .38 s are n't for everyone , but try one for a little while , maybe you can find a use for them or help you achieve a different sound in your playing ... then go back to your ` tire irons ' ! lol
 It 's not very helpful to review and rate a guitar pick , is it ? Kinda like rating fruits and vegetables . Everyone 's got their own favorites and reading a review will never magically make them useful to anyone else except the reviewer.Picking the perfect plectrum is a matter of a player 's preference . It 's a profoundly personal perspective . The product of performance ... ok . . I 'll stop ; - -RRB- These are the exact size , shape and thickness for me , personally BUT * only * for acoustic guitar playing . I use a decidedly different pick for electric guitar and another size for mandolin again , according to my personal comfort and playing style.My 5 star rating is inherently subjective .
 Best picks I have played yet ! The feel is great and the rounded edges deliver a killer tone . I have big hands so this is a great pick to hold and feel .
 I like these picks for my acoustic electric extra-light and light guage strings where I am &#34; plugged in &#34; . I like a lighter touch on the picking/strumming on my playing when plugged in vs. the heavier touch when not . For this reason I use several types of picks and these are my favorite for this specific application . These are thin picks .
 These are the classic Steve Clayton picks , but the description -LRB- when I bought them -RRB- did n't specify that they are huge triangle picks . It just takes some getting used to , but it is causing me to use 2 fingers on one side . That means i tend to strum harder -LRB- not nice in the recording studio -RRB- .
 I 've been playing guitar for almost 20 years , and these Clayton picks are all that I use . When I first started playing , it took about 6 months of trying out different brands and styles until I tried these - they suit me perfectly , and I 've never felt the need to try anything else.Of course , this is all subjective to your playing style and desired sound , but my biggest beef with guitar picks is they often slip around between finger and thumb , changing the playing surface and even working free of my grip , slipping out of my hand and thus interrupting my playing . With the triangular shape , I can use both pointer and middle fingers to hold the pick against my thumb , and that has resulted in a much more stable and articulate playing surface . I do n't care if `` proper '' technique is one finger only , this works better for me . Also , the frosted texture of the picks is easier to grip than a lot of slick , shiny plastic picks that can get slippery from natural oils on your fingertips . Plus , with the variety of gauges you can always find something that suits your style .
 For years I have been looking for an all around universal decent pick . Instead of breaking strings , break picks instead . But you will find it hard to break these picks as they are just about unbreakable . I sort of stumbled on this pick when I was just making my rounds through different music shops . I have turned a lot of my fellow musicians on to these great picks and never have gotten any negative feedback on them . They do come in different thicknesses . My personal preference is the 38 mm . I highly recommend these picks to any musician who has been frustrated with finding a decent all around pick . You may find the 38 mm the best thickness . I did .
 I been using Clayton Picks for over 5 years now . I have used many but this one seems to last the longest plus i love the sound produced using these picks , i personally use the .50
 These picks are just great . When I jam , I tend to jam hard and most of the picks I 've used tend to chip away little by little . These still do , but it 's not as bad as most others and when one corner is shot you can turn the pick to use the other two corners since it is symmetrical all around . I would go through one or two picks per jam session lasting a couple hours , with these , one corner will last me a few jam sessions making the lifetime of these picks much much longer than your standard picks . I highly recommend these for those who jam hard on the strings .
 These picks take some getting used to but once you do , they are amazing !! Articulation has never been so easy . These picks will take years to wear down !! Well worth the money !!!
 The K&M Clarinet Stand is very portable , however it does n't fit into my clarinet case . But , it is much tougher than the smaller , plastic stands . The stand is easy to use and easy to fold up and store away .
 This product is light weight , easy to set up and break down , and darn cute . I do n't travel with it ; I leave it set up at home .
 I 've had this stand for a couple of years now , maybe three . I forget exactly when I got it but it 's been at least two years . And it 's really great . Looking at it , it does n't look to be very sturdy and I was a little concerned about it being able to reliably hold up my Bach 36B but it 's really very good . Compared to non in-bell stands , it 's definitely not as sturdy and it will sway a little while holding the horn if you bump the horn but it has never fallen over or collapsed in the years I 've been using it . And as a semi-professional trombonist , I use the stand several times a week , both at church and at gigs.Pros : It fits in the bell well ; it fits all the way into the bell so it will likely work with any case . I 've used it with a hard case and two gig bags with no problems.It 's very light . It will add weight to the case when you carry it of course but I have n't noticed any discomfort or balance issues carrying the stand in my bell.It 's quick to setup and break down and the design is very ingenious.Cons : Price . This stand is pricey but well worth the cost for the convenience of being able to carry the stand inside your gig bag or case . Especially if you play a lot in different places like I do.Moisture will condense on the stem when it 's inside your bell . You can wipe it down every time you pull it ; but I actually carry a couple of thin , cloth diapers in my case -LRB- any thin rag will work -RRB- which I use to wipe down my horn after each use and I always drape one over the stand once it 's broke down before I slide it into the bell . Doing so does prevent the stand from going as far into the bell as it would without the rag but it has never been an issue for me and it keeps everything dry . The rag is usually slightly damp when I unpack the stand so I usually rotate between the two rags to let them dry out . The rotating is just something I do , it would work without doing that too because normally the rag is dry by the time my gig is over . Oh , as far as I 'm aware , this moisture issue occurs with all in-bell stands ; I 've never heard of one that did n't do this.The only thing I really do n't like about this stand is the legs . They perform their function fine and they fold up neatly for storage , which is good . But unfortunately , when you fold them out for use , they will collapse on you when you pick the stand up and they 'll point straight down . So , when you 're moving your horn and your stand at the same time , it 's a little annoying to try to spread the legs back out so you can set it down . I can normally get this done with my foot but it is an inconvenience that K&M ; could have avoided with a small latch of some sort to lock the legs open . Anyway , that is the one and only flaw with the design of this stand ; if it were n't for that , it would be perfect.Sorry , but I ca n't comment on its use with horns larger than the 36B because that 's the largest horn I play . Smaller horns work even better with the stand obviously.Like I said I do really like this stand but if I were to get another one , I 'd want to compare it closely to the in-bell stand that Hercules makes ; it looks like it might be a good alternative to the K&M ; but I 've never seen or used one . Either way , this one is a fine stand .
 Great quality . Works as it should . Very satisfied with the use . I need to write some more words to reach twenty to get this published , but I 've said all I need to say .
 This stand is similar to one I saw at one of my favorite music stores . I went to Amazon to find the same stand I saw in the store , but was unable to find one . This one is the closest.What I like most about the stand is the foot -LRB- or base -RRB- , in that it is wide enough to hold the instrument in plase without tipping over , even if it is struck accidentally . Another strong point for me is the unique design of the stand which enables it to be stored in the bell of the horn when not in use . When you want to use it , removal is easy . Just pull it out of the bell . The next step is to unscrew toe securing devise at the bottom of the stand to release the supports - tighten the securing devise and place it where you want it and stand your horn on it.You are able to be comfortable with the safety of the stand in most settings , especially when there is not much traffic . When there is a lot of traffic , you may see some movement , which may tend to make you a little nervous .
 I was very satisfied with my purchase except for missing parts . One of the knobs for the guitar strap was missing . Other than that , my kid was happy . Suggestion
 it was relly nice and it sounded great the only resson i gave i four its guitar pick were nice but a little to big for my 12 year old dauter and me i would get some better guitar picks
 Beautiful instrument - Love it ! Although it 's a real instrument it even looks beautiful as a display . Hope to enjoy it !
 That 's really good . Nice materials , I received before the time . The only problem was that the case was out of stock , but they returned part of my money .
 The harp was just as it was described in the ad . It 's beautiful upclose . The sound is wonderful and the instruction book is very clear . I recommend this for any harp beginner . Once you master a baby , then you will be ready to advance to a 29 string harp . I am very pleased with mine .
 I used this for a small band I was in . Very quiet and solid board.The Lexicon stereo effects were very spacial and multi dimesional.Overall Top Shelf powered mixer for professional use , in small venues .
 This guitar is great , beautiful color , great access to the higher frets , and the seymour duncans are really bright and clear sounding , even with lots of distortion . Sometimes the vine inlay throws me off when I play , but I 'll get used to it with a little more time . It 's def . a versatile guitar as well , any sound you want , you got it in this guitar . I run it through a ZOOM G9 .2 tt guitar effects console , and running that through a Carvin SX-300 half stack ... . great sound ... I was in love with my epiphone les paul custom before I got this guitar , and it blows my lp out of the water ... it 's got a great fast neck , and I thought my lp 's neck was fast ... I 'll eventually end up replacing my lp 's pickups w / duncans , most def ... . but ... I recommend this guitar for anyone , beginner or pro
 As a beginner guitar player and lack of experience , I ca n't give this guitar the review that deserves . I can say that I have received very good compliments from advanced guitar players that have made some justice to it by playing it properly , making me realize that there was nothing wrong with the guitar but with the player -LRB- the player being me -RRB- . They have mentioned it 's very versatile , one of the features I was looking for in a guitar . I can also say that this guitar is a piece of art . I 'm sure that in the future I will appreciate this guitar even more.I received this guitar without its hard case , which was included in the total price . However , I made a claim and I got a 20 % refund of my purchase without any problems . I ca n't complain .
 There 's always a lot of sour grapes when something is somewhat overpriced . I could n't afford an original '57 since they go for about $ 100,000 -LRB- even though they cost about $ 125 in 1957 -RRB- . I have tryed several and even comapred the re-issue with an original . I could not tell the differnce between the original and the reissue . So I setlled for a reissue and it plays and sounds fantastic . I have tried many different gibsons and most are hit and miss but a good re-issue is worth the price .
 My daughter asked for an electric bass for Christmas . I asked around and my sons friend recommended Austin Bazaar he said they have some solid and cheap starter packs with amp so I would n't have to buy all the extras and you can find out if she is going to like playing first . Needless to say she loves it and it has a great sound too . A friend of hers who has been playing for awhile tuned it for her and did n't want to give it back he said the sound was good and it was solid I recommend this to any parent with a child who wants to try but is not sure they are going to keep playing . The amp is great she plugs in the headset and I do n't hear her playing over the tv or my radio
 It all came in at the same time , also it was crazy because it came the same day it was shipped . In very good shape nothing wrong except there is a film over the white part just found that . All though the strap did n't come , but I really like it and would recommence it .
 Great beginner set up . The amp is decent and the bass is a good size for female hands . The strings are a little hard to hold down , especially on the first fret , but otherwise , it is performing well . You may want to purchase a better strap , though , as the one in the package deal is very whimpy . Also , it come with some rather used-looking picks , but at least they send various sizes to experiment with . I like the appearance of the bass , which will work well for anyone who plays in a garage , punk , or rock band . It may not be acceptable to people who prefer a more `` professional '' look . The zebra stripes actully looked DIY , sort of spray-painted with a stencil . I love it and my musician friends think it has a unique look ... so far so good . I would definately recommend this set up to anyone who plays music for fun , for just the love of playing , or those who may fear that their equipment could get injured on stage . Rockers will like it , but if you are a music snob , you will likley not be happy with this bass .
 A good bass at a great price . great package for begginers who want to learn
 Great guitar and great Price , also with the Amp.Sturdy and sounds good to me ! Amp a little off but we are beginners so its good enough for me .
 I bought a Schecter Omen extreme 6 from American Musical Supply here on Amazon.com for 299 $ . I was looking for a decent sounding starter guitar , as I just picked up the instrument a few months ago . I have had musician friends , so I know what good and bad guitars sound like . It surpassed my expectations . This guitar has the sound of a 600 $ guitar for around 300 $ . It does n't even have active pickups , so I 'm not even sure how it 's possible . What more could you ask for ? Not to mention , the thing is a tank . I hit it against a wall by accident . There is a huge chunk out of the wall , but my guitar is still flawless . Paint from the wall did n't even rub off on it . Buy this guitar . You will not regret it .
 I bought this as a more versatile upgrade to my Epiphone Les Paul Special II . This guitar can do it all ! I can get that fat sweet Les Paul tone out of it , or I can Tap the coils and get that great Strat sound . The range of sounds I can get out of this guitar is awesome ! The action is nice and low . I was worried that the stock pups would be sub-par but i have not been disappointed and will probably stick with them for the foreseen future . Construction is very solid . Dare I say it , it seems to be built better then my Strat and my Les Paul . Most people buy this brand of guitar to play Metal , but this guitar is good for sooooooo much more . On clean settings it sounds fantastic ! I mostly play the blues and I wanted to get a guitar that would offer great versatility in an intermediate price range ... this is that guitar ... I can go from some clean fat bluesy sounds to some awesome metal shredding sound in the flip of a switch . I love everything about it . I ca n't think of anything I want to change on it , and that is a first for me with any of my guitars .
 just got this guitar and i am in love with it . love amazons shipping its reall fast got it 3 days before it was due . love the color it looks way better than how the picture shows it . i got mine with daddario strings but put ernie ball powerslinkys on it . you can really make some sweet metal sounds with this guitar trust me if your on a budget and need a good guitar here you go . the only downside i have about the guitar is when im trying to gallop . the bridge on my other guitar was different and had a fixed tremelo on it kind of like a strat . so its gon na take some time getting used to that but other than that its a great guitar . if your an a7x fan you 'll love the guitar . i mite change out the pickups for seymour duncan blackouts when i figure out how to do it . but yes i would recommend this guitar to anyone who wants to play good .
 This is an awesome playing harp . It draws and blows really smooth . There is oftentimes the case of holes getting stuck of more aptly the reed gets stuck but not the case with this harp . I am just a clown playing away on it but it really plays nice , it bends really nicely and is very responsive . The case that it comes in has a nice durable feel . I have a couple of other harps ie Lee Oskar , cheap Hohner and cheap Sousa band . I would say that it plays better than all of them except for the Lee Oskar . All I can really say is that you are getting your moneys worth on this harp
 I have a nice wood bow , German made , that came with my violin which is pretty old , as in fifty years or so , which I would have been happy enough with if the hair on it were not missing quite a few strands , making it a bit difficult to get a good bite on the violin strings . People in my area are a bit finicky about what sort of bows they will bother to re-hair and I suspected mine would be rejected , so went looking for a bow which claims to have premium hair , which this one does . I would like to have a really expensive bow but being rather poor , I looked for something I figured would do . Now , the name itself , Glasser , may conjure up in your mind , fiberglass , which I imagine was what the company was started up to make , so I figured they would be long-time experts in making fiberglass bows and had it down to a science . So , I got this delivered by UPS and it came in a long cardboard box with lots of packing peanuts and in the middle was this bow wrapped in that plastic sheeting that sticks to itself , to a piece of one by two lumber to keep it from being damaged in shipment , and a big , fat catalog from Johnson Strings . I do n't have like a gram scale to weigh the bow but I made a little balance setup with a ruler to compare it to my old bow and this one is definitely not any heavier . It is well balanced and does not bounce on the stings as much as I was having with my old bow , and it has what is , I guess , the company 's `` famous '' grip , which does make it easy to hold . I do n't have to actually apply pressure to get a good string contact so I can concentrate on good motion and let the bow do the rest . So bottom line , I am happy and my violin is now so much happier than before .
 I bought this little item here as a gift for my girlfriend , and I must say that I was pleased . I was almost expecting a piece of crap after having read the previous review , but after receiving the product , both myself and my girlfriend were pleased . For the price , the guitar is great . The only reason that I have to complain is that the seller failed to communicate with me during the transaction . -LRB- e.g. not responding to questions , not shipping promptly after payment , ect . -RRB- Once communication was established , the product arrived in good playing condition .
 I 'm learning to play guitar and I used diferenctes picks in my three years.This pick is the best I 've used.The sound it produces is the best !
 I have used Dava picks -LRB- 6024 Grip Tip -RRB- for about a year now and after trying the grip tip , it was my exclusive pick of choice . The control and feel are unmatched by any other pick , and they fit perfectly in my hand reducing pick re-positioning when strumming for an extended period of time . This was the perfect pick until I came across the Dava Master Control pick . It is very unique with a plastic grip -LRB- tactile -RRB- for your hand , and a nickel metal edge for the string . Years ago I used to use a nickel for a pick , but of course this was hard to control and the edge seemed to prematurely wear the strings . This pick solves both problems , control and a more rounded edge produce an outstanding pick . They are expensive , but worth it if you are a serious player .
 I bought these picks on speculation for my mandolins . I have usually preferred a harder , wider pick for the mandolin -LRB- the only stringed instrument for which I use a pick -RRB- , but this one works as described , and I can vary the tone I get by changing the position of my fingers on the pick from hard to soft as I like . This may be my new favorite mandolin pick.The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is I wish it were slightly wider at the wide end , but perhaps guitarists would feel differently .
 I fell in love with this pick as soon as I opened the package . It 's so versatile and it is helping me with my biggest hurdle , learning how to strum and pick a mandolin . I play the violin , so , with the same string notes on the mandolin , it 's the picking and grinning that I need to learn . Thanks ! Product came to my house quickly .
 I like these pics . The coating they use and the ridges have helped my playing in being able to pic better . Worth the price !
 I collect picks -LRB- or plectrums if you 're a purist -RRB- and I do so for a good reason
 My grandson asked me for some new guitar picks for Christmas . No suggestions as to what I was suppose to get so naturally I checked Amazon . Read the reviews for this one and grandson loves it ! He never had this kind before and he said it was awesome . Loves the way it fits in his hand and picks at the strings . He thinks the music sounds better . He said he never knew this one existed and I could get him more some day .
 This pick is great , highly recommended ! I love the sharp attack of the metal tip but the flexible body means the attack is not overly aggressive and metallickey sounding . I also I prefer the feel of a flexible pick . Grip is very good . This is my new favorite rock pick !
 ok , so the black top of pick is plastic . the bottom tip only is metal . kind of unusual playing with it . its different . i do like the top grips but wish they were rubber overcoated . the plastic bends slightly . the metal is just at the tip area only.i cant even say that i would purchase this item again
 The DAVA technology is my favored type in all situations . The combination of a flexible center and a rigid playing surface is wonderful . In addition , the pick surface is textured to enable a better grip with wet or dry fingers . DAVA is the only brand of picks I use and each type suits my every need . I whole heartedly recommend them to anyone .
 For some reason I tend to shred most regular picks very quickly . This pick with the nickel plating lasts a long time . Also gives a nice sound .
 I usually use Dunlop big stubby 2.0 picks . I used the Master Control Pick for the first time today , and I just had to order two more , because they 're so amazing !! The attack is second to none !! At first the pick felt a bit strange as I 'm accustomed to the thicker Dunlop , and I have to admit that initially I was a bit weary of the notably thinner Dava ; but in no way has my playing been hindered , if anything it just seems to run along the strings effortlessly , and by far these are the most comfortable picks I 've ever used !! What a find !!
 Great pick , good tone , lasts a long time . If you switch between distortion and clean or play fast music it is for you . I wish I had known about these years ago because I burn through picks , these could have saved me a lot of money . Switching from acoustic and distorted rhythms has never sounded better and artificial harmonics are easier to hit . Not really for beginners , you need to be able to choke up and down on the pick to change its resistance , but it would n't hurt to practice with one . Anyone who does not give this pick at least 3 stars probably has an extra chromosome . Love them so much I went back and got more .
 My son and I both love these picks . They remind me of the old silver quarter picks although the plastic part of the pick is flexible so it feels more comfortable and not quite as harsh a sound comes out . Do be careful with these . As with all hard picks , it can be easy to damage your finish if you do n't use a pick guard .
 This pick is great . However , there are a few problems.First off , I 'd like to say that the grip and versatility of this pick are second to none . My fingers have n't slipped a millimeter after hours and hours of playing , and with the varied rigidity , I 've played on my classical , my acoustic , and some serious death metal in quick succession . The attack is crisp , and succint if played head on - you do have to be careful , however , as even the slightest tilt completely changes your sound . If you 're not one to concentrate on picking , do NOT use this - your sound will be all over the place.However , this different sound is n't bad , or wrong . It rings reminiscent of the ` Paul Gilbert Cello-ey ' sound that a lot of people envy , and I found it quite nice to flick between that tone , and the other.One thing to look out for is that the pick does thicken a lot towards the tip , so that can be quite awkward to adjust to at first . I 'd recommend it to people who play a vast variety of genres , and who concentrate on their pick - paying attention to the versatility it can lend you . To ignore this will destroy consistent tone , AND disgrace the pick . The only reason I 've rated it 4 instead of 5 is because I can happily see how a lot of people would hate the cello-ey tone , and the awkwardness experienced right at the beginning.Fantastic pick .
 Gives are nice ringing sound on steel strings . Obviously not so great on nylons strings . Compared to the plastic tip Davas , the middle portion of these steel tipped picks are more flexible , so I like these for strumming more than the plastic ones . Holding the pick with less give allows you a lot of control . I do n't use any other picks anymore ; just Davas .
 This is a great product you can adjust the thickness of the pick by where you place your fingers on the pick the only problem i have found is that they ran the rubber a little too far down on the pick and it will create a different sound when it strikes the strings you just have to get used to picking with only the very tip of the pick . I highly recommend this product
 I always use thicker picks for a sharper attack and more clearly defined notes . My main pick is a 2.0 mm stainless steel one . The plastic pick I use -LRB- 3.0 mm -RRB- could be used as a bass pick . So , I did n't have a lot of expectations when I purchased this.I 'm happy to say that I did notice a subtle difference right away when I started playing , using this pick . It requires a slightly different technique than using a very stiff pick , as it has some give in the midsection , but I can see that it might lend a few more MPH to my picking speed , eventually ... I gave it four stars only because it 's too early to tell if it will : -RRB-
 I am 40 years old and this is my first guitar . It sounds beautiful , is very easy to play for a person with smaller hands , and it looks awesome too . I highly reccomend this to any girl or woman who wants to play . For the money , this is a deal.Buy this . You will not be sorry .
 While we are pleased with the drum set and all it includes , we are very unhappy with the fact that no instruction sheet was included in the box . We had to piece it together as best we could . Very disappointing ...
 Basically , I wanted a custom . Then I got my hands on one of these for a minute and realized that this is a Historic Custom Shop Model and blows the custom away . There are many reasons for this but the tone is truly pure and righteous . I have been a fender/superstrat guy for over 17 years and always wanted a les paul . This is truly a pro level guitar . It is the most toneful and focused guitar sound I have ever held . If you buy this make sure you get the certificate and the care package that comes with it .
 Before this , I had never received any defective items from Amazon . I ordered this one and I was really excited to get it but , the Push/Pull Coil Tap was broken so I requested for a replacement . The replacement arrived in 4 days . The replacement guitar 's neck was bent more than usual . They had set the bridge too high so that the strings do not touch the frets . Overall I found it difficult to play with high strings . Although Omen 7 Extreme is a great sounding guitar , I a not happy with my replacement .
 I love this program because it really lets me know what the student 's strengths and weaknesses are . The feedback for both the student and teacher is effective and easy to track . I can set goals that must be reached in order to move on . Unlike other theory programs I 've tried , this one has lots of practise and reinforcement of each concept .
 I use this music theory method almost every in my teaching studio , This is what I believe is hands down the best music theory method . Highly recommended ! I also use other teaching methods like this one which I also recommend!The Ultimate R & B Song Development Guide for Keyboards Vol . 1 for Beginners
 I have used this item since December 2007 . It is a quality turntable and works very very well , I am in the process of converting approx . 500 Lp and about the same 45s to MP3 format , I have had no issues with this or the software that came with it.Only slightly negative is that I wish the Labeling portion of the software had Lightscribe support .
 I was a little bit worried about buying this , i saw some other bad reviews for Austin Bazzar ... . BUT i had a great experance with them ! The guitar is beautiful , was packaged great , i received everything that was listed , i even received it 4 days early ! I wold have no worries to buy something from then again ! Actually i am going to look for an amp right now for my new guitar !
 The Gibson SG Menace fit perfectly . New , it held the guiter with zero gaps .
 The case was in great condition . The broken handle was easily fixable and saved a lot of money on a full priced case . My Gibson SG fits in nicely with only a minor gap between the case and the bottom of the guitar body . Otherwise , the case is as described will aid in my travelling endeavors .
 Really like the distributor of the product.They shipped it to me quickly and they were very nice . I really like the strings too they sound really clean and crisp .
 Gave my mandolin a lot more tone and volumn . A lot more comfortable to play than my previous strings .
 A great unit , cost effective and plenty of ` preamp ' from this preamp . I converted a non electric Ibanez Acoustic to ` wired ' and I was worried I would not get enough signal , so I was pleasantly suprised when my guitar actually topped my voice in the mix , that had not happened before . I would recommend this unit for any player .
 I use this preamp to connect my cello pickup and whatever output I want . It is great . Because the signal from my pickup was very low I had to adjust the preamp 's sensitivity , which worked great . The bass and treble controls are great , it has good battery life , and is a a very solid thing . I do n't have to worry about dropping it . My only complaints are that it is a bit chunky and expensive . I have no idea how complex this thing has to be inside , but for something that is so simple on the outside , and performs such a simple function , the price is too high , and the product is too big and chunky . But hey , it works well .
 I 've got a piezo pickup for my violin , and needed a preamp in order to record directly into my computer . This one does the job well .
 Best pre-amp I 've ever used , makes my mandolin sound like a much more expensive instrument than it is.Very easy to use anyone can do it !
 I needed a mandolin pre-amp and could n't spend a lot of money , so I opted for the Fishman G-II Acoustic Instrument Preamp because I trust the Fishman name from having one of its transducer pick-ups in my acoustic guitar . Sure enough the G-II is simple to use , little to break , and the right tool for the job . I gave it four stars out of five because it is a little bit bigger than I expected it to be . Also , the nine volt battery compartment makes it difficult to install a remove and install a battery , yet too easy to install with the poles connecting the wrong terminals . The battery pull-out strap can also easily block a terminal connection . That said , I heartily recommend the Fishman G-II Acoustic Instrument Preamp for any acoustic instrument .
 I play a Martin DXM acoustic guitar and use a Dean Markley soundhole pickup . I just purchased a Fender Acoustasonic 100 amp and did n't feel like I was getting enough `` drive '' to the amp with my pickup . I received my Fishman G-II 3 days after I placed the order and could n't be more pleased with the results . Now my 100 watt amplifier sounds like a 100 watt amplifier.Great results for a very reasonable price .
 I 've ordered a monday three days later i 've received my Fishman.I live in France and i 've been impressed by the serious and the quickness of my order.Great vendor
 I needed a key of G harp . So I bought this one . The tone is just what I needed . Oh the price was great too !! So become a Blues player , and enjoy the music you make .
 The Kustom Quad amps are very good solid state amps . I compared several in this price range and this one was by far the best for the money . I own this one and the 100 watt Quad Jr. . These amps have a tremendous clean sound . Their dirty sound is great for hard rock , but in my opinion they could use a bit more gain . There 's just not enough distortion to get those real heavy sounds for metal ; however , an eq helps immensely . The Quad Junior 's distortion is a bit muddy , so I boost the mids with a looped EQ . The fx loop is the tip and ring kind , so you will need a Y cable . I run through a full rack i.e a compressor , EQ , preamp/modeler , multi fx , sonic uiltrimizer , and noise gate . I run the Boss MD 2 mega distortion , Bad Monkey tube emulator and Vox wah up front , and the clean channel handles the Boss pedal very well . This amp does not sound much different from the tube Marshalls I 've played through over the years , but running direct with no fx is a bit lacking . Overall , for the money , you ca n't go wrong . Kustom is very underrated ; they make great equipment ! This Quad 100 HD head is rugged and huge ! Kustom does not include the foot-switch -LRB- which is hard to come by -RRB- but they do give you two very good , sturdy cables to connect to cabinets . Both the HD and Quad Jr. amps are loud as hell ! If you are running two cabinets , they push all 100 watts to both cabinets . These amps have built in effects which are ok . The effect parameters are not tweakable , but are good in certain situations . I had purchased the B-52 LS 100 , and it was not as good as this amp , although it had more features . Overall , the quad amps are basic , solid , well built amps and Kustom 's tech support is great . I 've never had any issues with either amp , or the Kustom PA I use at rehearsal . If you 're looking at tube heads , Kustom makes an amp called the Double Cross . It retails at around $ 1,600 and it is sick !
 Transaction was flawless , delivery was fast , product was exactly what I ordered -LRB- which is important considering how many types there are -RRB- . This chinrest is the most comfortable one I 've played on so far , which is a pretty big statement considering that I have been looking for long-neck solutions for some time -LRB- let 's go with 10 years -RRB- .
 If you have a long neck , you should use one of these , because without one , you can do things that throw off proper alignment , which can be extremely painful . I have a long neck , and got one of these for my birthday . I absolutely love it.It looks rather unstable , but once you check that ALL the screws are tightened , it is really very sturdy . However , because there is only one arm on the clamp , it needs to be thicker for more strength , and it can sometimes poke into my neck . I rarely notice now , though , and even when I do , I feel like it 's worth it to be pain-free when practicing and performing .
 This is a 12 hole harmonica tuned just like a chromatic , except without the button . The advantage is that you can learn the note layout of a chromatic harmonica at a bargain price . Of course , this does not have a slide , so there are not the sharps and flats available on a chromatic , but if you want to play minor blues in D , just like chromatic blues players do , that does n't matter . Also , as these do not no have valves , so you can bend some notes , which is more difficult to do on a chromatic . So this is a great way to get yourself ready for chromatic playing , or to see if you want to commit to a chromatic . at a bargain price ! They play surprisingly well for the money involved !
 I agree with the previous rater `` George '' this is a subjective rating . However , I subjectively find these picks to be right for me , with the .63 mm size perfect for acoustic and the .5 mm size to be slightly better for electric . -LRB- Edited 10/24/10 to say that is no longer the case . With the last string change on my Strat I changed strings to Fender 250L 9-42 instead of bullets and for the 250s the .63 mm is better than the .5 mm . So when my last .5 mm wears out it will be history . -RRB- Features in their favor is that they do n't have that objectionable little divot seen on some other brands of picks , they are symmetrical and they have enough surface ` grab ' so they do n't go flying out of the hand like yet other un-named brands . Plus white is not as cheesy looking as most picks.How long does a pick last ? These will do for several hours of playing , especially if every hour or two I turn them over or change corners . All picks wear out and become curved with use , and these may last a bit longer than average . Or not , depending on playing style .
 Yeah , I hear that all the time from friends when they see the .38 gauge Claytons I use . I 've been using them for the last 20 years and not about to stop . I even ordered specialty .38 s with logos from them 4 years ago . I gave up ` tire iron ' pick back in the day ; just felt like they were dragging too much against the string and slowing me down . With these , I get a clean , articulate pick attack that does n't rasp against the strings . If I need a harder attack , I 'll slightly bend it ... but I 've been doing this for years , so it takes a bit of getting used to . They do n't break as easy as you 'd think , but when I do rapid temelo picking , that 's when the 3 points come in handy ! .38 s are n't for everyone , but try one for a little while , maybe you can find a use for them or help you achieve a different sound in your playing ... then go back to your ` tire irons ' ! lol
 It 's not very helpful to review and rate a guitar pick , is it ? Kinda like rating fruits and vegetables . Everyone 's got their own favorites and reading a review will never magically make them useful to anyone else except the reviewer.Picking the perfect plectrum is a matter of a player 's preference . It 's a profoundly personal perspective . The product of performance ... ok . . I 'll stop ; - -RRB- These are the exact size , shape and thickness for me , personally BUT * only * for acoustic guitar playing . I use a decidedly different pick for electric guitar and another size for mandolin again , according to my personal comfort and playing style.My 5 star rating is inherently subjective .
 Best picks I have played yet ! The feel is great and the rounded edges deliver a killer tone . I have big hands so this is a great pick to hold and feel .
 I like these picks for my acoustic electric extra-light and light guage strings where I am &#34; plugged in &#34; . I like a lighter touch on the picking/strumming on my playing when plugged in vs. the heavier touch when not . For this reason I use several types of picks and these are my favorite for this specific application . These are thin picks .
 These are the classic Steve Clayton picks , but the description -LRB- when I bought them -RRB- did n't specify that they are huge triangle picks . It just takes some getting used to , but it is causing me to use 2 fingers on one side . That means i tend to strum harder -LRB- not nice in the recording studio -RRB- .
 I 've been playing guitar for almost 20 years , and these Clayton picks are all that I use . When I first started playing , it took about 6 months of trying out different brands and styles until I tried these - they suit me perfectly , and I 've never felt the need to try anything else.Of course , this is all subjective to your playing style and desired sound , but my biggest beef with guitar picks is they often slip around between finger and thumb , changing the playing surface and even working free of my grip , slipping out of my hand and thus interrupting my playing . With the triangular shape , I can use both pointer and middle fingers to hold the pick against my thumb , and that has resulted in a much more stable and articulate playing surface . I do n't care if `` proper '' technique is one finger only , this works better for me . Also , the frosted texture of the picks is easier to grip than a lot of slick , shiny plastic picks that can get slippery from natural oils on your fingertips . Plus , with the variety of gauges you can always find something that suits your style .
 For years I have been looking for an all around universal decent pick . Instead of breaking strings , break picks instead . But you will find it hard to break these picks as they are just about unbreakable . I sort of stumbled on this pick when I was just making my rounds through different music shops . I have turned a lot of my fellow musicians on to these great picks and never have gotten any negative feedback on them . They do come in different thicknesses . My personal preference is the 38 mm . I highly recommend these picks to any musician who has been frustrated with finding a decent all around pick . You may find the 38 mm the best thickness . I did .
 I been using Clayton Picks for over 5 years now . I have used many but this one seems to last the longest plus i love the sound produced using these picks , i personally use the .50
 These picks are just great . When I jam , I tend to jam hard and most of the picks I 've used tend to chip away little by little . These still do , but it 's not as bad as most others and when one corner is shot you can turn the pick to use the other two corners since it is symmetrical all around . I would go through one or two picks per jam session lasting a couple hours , with these , one corner will last me a few jam sessions making the lifetime of these picks much much longer than your standard picks . I highly recommend these for those who jam hard on the strings .
 These picks take some getting used to but once you do , they are amazing !! Articulation has never been so easy . These picks will take years to wear down !! Well worth the money !!!
 I agree with the previous rater `` George '' this is a subjective rating . However , I subjectively find these picks to be right for me , with the .63 mm size perfect for acoustic and the .5 mm size to be slightly better for electric . -LRB- Edited 10/24/10 to say that is no longer the case . With the last string change on my Strat I changed strings to Fender 250L 9-42 instead of bullets and for the 250s the .63 mm is better than the .5 mm . So when my last .5 mm wears out it will be history . -RRB- Features in their favor is that they do n't have that objectionable little divot seen on some other brands of picks , they are symmetrical and they have enough surface ` grab ' so they do n't go flying out of the hand like yet other un-named brands . Plus white is not as cheesy looking as most picks.How long does a pick last ? These will do for several hours of playing , especially if every hour or two I turn them over or change corners . All picks wear out and become curved with use , and these may last a bit longer than average . Or not , depending on playing style .
 Yeah , I hear that all the time from friends when they see the .38 gauge Claytons I use . I 've been using them for the last 20 years and not about to stop . I even ordered specialty .38 s with logos from them 4 years ago . I gave up ` tire iron ' pick back in the day ; just felt like they were dragging too much against the string and slowing me down . With these , I get a clean , articulate pick attack that does n't rasp against the strings . If I need a harder attack , I 'll slightly bend it ... but I 've been doing this for years , so it takes a bit of getting used to . They do n't break as easy as you 'd think , but when I do rapid temelo picking , that 's when the 3 points come in handy ! .38 s are n't for everyone , but try one for a little while , maybe you can find a use for them or help you achieve a different sound in your playing ... then go back to your ` tire irons ' ! lol
 It 's not very helpful to review and rate a guitar pick , is it ? Kinda like rating fruits and vegetables . Everyone 's got their own favorites and reading a review will never magically make them useful to anyone else except the reviewer.Picking the perfect plectrum is a matter of a player 's preference . It 's a profoundly personal perspective . The product of performance ... ok . . I 'll stop ; - -RRB- These are the exact size , shape and thickness for me , personally BUT * only * for acoustic guitar playing . I use a decidedly different pick for electric guitar and another size for mandolin again , according to my personal comfort and playing style.My 5 star rating is inherently subjective .
 Best picks I have played yet ! The feel is great and the rounded edges deliver a killer tone . I have big hands so this is a great pick to hold and feel .
 I like these picks for my acoustic electric extra-light and light guage strings where I am &#34; plugged in &#34; . I like a lighter touch on the picking/strumming on my playing when plugged in vs. the heavier touch when not . For this reason I use several types of picks and these are my favorite for this specific application . These are thin picks .
 These are the classic Steve Clayton picks , but the description -LRB- when I bought them -RRB- did n't specify that they are huge triangle picks . It just takes some getting used to , but it is causing me to use 2 fingers on one side . That means i tend to strum harder -LRB- not nice in the recording studio -RRB- .
 I 've been playing guitar for almost 20 years , and these Clayton picks are all that I use . When I first started playing , it took about 6 months of trying out different brands and styles until I tried these - they suit me perfectly , and I 've never felt the need to try anything else.Of course , this is all subjective to your playing style and desired sound , but my biggest beef with guitar picks is they often slip around between finger and thumb , changing the playing surface and even working free of my grip , slipping out of my hand and thus interrupting my playing . With the triangular shape , I can use both pointer and middle fingers to hold the pick against my thumb , and that has resulted in a much more stable and articulate playing surface . I do n't care if `` proper '' technique is one finger only , this works better for me . Also , the frosted texture of the picks is easier to grip than a lot of slick , shiny plastic picks that can get slippery from natural oils on your fingertips . Plus , with the variety of gauges you can always find something that suits your style .
 For years I have been looking for an all around universal decent pick . Instead of breaking strings , break picks instead . But you will find it hard to break these picks as they are just about unbreakable . I sort of stumbled on this pick when I was just making my rounds through different music shops . I have turned a lot of my fellow musicians on to these great picks and never have gotten any negative feedback on them . They do come in different thicknesses . My personal preference is the 38 mm . I highly recommend these picks to any musician who has been frustrated with finding a decent all around pick . You may find the 38 mm the best thickness . I did .
 I been using Clayton Picks for over 5 years now . I have used many but this one seems to last the longest plus i love the sound produced using these picks , i personally use the .50
 These picks are just great . When I jam , I tend to jam hard and most of the picks I 've used tend to chip away little by little . These still do , but it 's not as bad as most others and when one corner is shot you can turn the pick to use the other two corners since it is symmetrical all around . I would go through one or two picks per jam session lasting a couple hours , with these , one corner will last me a few jam sessions making the lifetime of these picks much much longer than your standard picks . I highly recommend these for those who jam hard on the strings .
 These picks take some getting used to but once you do , they are amazing !! Articulation has never been so easy . These picks will take years to wear down !! Well worth the money !!!
 After buying this , I can strongly recommend this product . And also can say that using a much higher chin rest -LRB- and subsequently lowered shoulder rest -RRB- should be in more widespread use than it is currently amongst those of us with longer necks . This SAS chin rest allows the violin shoulder rest to be adjusted much lower towards the shoulder , so hands and harms are less elevated , and the neck is straighter and less strained.I 've seen Arnold Steinhardt of the Guarneri Quartet use this for years . I thought one like his had to be custom made . A couple of weeks ago , though , a violinist friend mentioned that SAS has probably the highest chin rests . Searched on the Amazon site , and there it was , just like Mr. Steinhardt 's - a chin rest much higher than what most of us string players thought was available . Ordered it from Johnson Strings , and they shortly afterwards sent a notice that it shipped that same day . It arrived a few days later . It was easy to put on - comes with its own allen wrench . And wow , the comfort was too good to believe . I then was able to adjust the shoulder rest all the way down , and so the violin felt more stable and solid . With the violin in a lower position , the weight suspension of the lowered arms was easier , spiccato was cleaner , and vibrato was sweeter . Another bonus - the smaller footprint mounting bracket does not seem to squeeze the violin as much as many other chin rests - the instrument is more resonant.The chin rest is , unfortunately , not offered in the ` big ' violin catalogs , and that really is a moral disservice by those firms to not offer the product as it would definitely help some players ' setup problems . So a big thanks , Amazon and Johnson Strings for selling it !
 Ok , so first I have to say that for a while , I was looking for the wrong solution to better violin posture . I was trying to raise the shoulder rest to compensate for my long neck , which pretty much did nothing good for me . Finally , I figured out that I needed a taller chin rest so that I could keep the violin on my collar bone ... the only problem ? Finding one ! I just did n't have the money to get one custom-made , which would be really nice but very difficult , so I was very happy to find this one ! The only problem was knowing which height to get . I tried measuring my neck , but that did n't work , so I was forced to just make a wild guess . First , I tried the 28mm , but that was too short . It felt much better than the one I had been using , but it still was not tall enough . So I went ahead and bought the other two sizes up , and after deciding on one , sent the unneeded ones back . Consequently , the 35mm was the best , though I could still use a taller one ! : o Yeah , I have a hard time believing it too ... I never would have imagined ! All this being said , I am so happy that someone has actually made taller-than-average chin rests available on the general market . It has saved my neck and posture so that I can concentrate more on playing rather than hurting . Is n't that a nice thought ? ;p Anyways , it looks really nice on my violin and not out of place . A great plus for us giraffes!On another note , my previous chin rest was stuck to my violin . My violin is old and belonged to someone else , and during that time the cork of the chin rest had basically gotten `` glued '' to my violin . So before I could put a new chin rest on it I had to get the old one off . I had to do this on my own -LRB- without damaging the violin of course -RRB- because there were no luthiers available to me . The best solution I found was floss !!! You just put it around the base of the chin rest and saw back and forth on the cork . It wo n't damage the violin anymore than the cork that will unavoidably be left behind . You 'll want to use a cheap floss though ; I had to use a lot , but it was well worth it!The bottom line ? If you have a long neck and are tired of jacking up your shoulder rest , try this chin rest ! You 'll be glad you did !
 I was struggling with back pain from playing and nothing seemed to work . The pain was in my mid-upper back , between my shoulder blades . I am 6ft tall with a long neck and very broad shoulders . I tried 3 different shoulder rests - 2 types of kun and a bon musica . The kuns were to short , I even tried swapping the short leg with the long leg from my other kun so I would have 2 long legs , but it was still to short . The bon musica was a little higher , but it still did n't help . I put this chinrest on along with my kunand I felt the difference immediately . I no longer need 2 long legs on the rest and my back pain is a million times better . It still hurts from time to time , but only after a very long session and much of the pain is from me tensing while I play . This chinrest allows me to hold the violin without shrugging or bending my neck . I highly recommend this to anyone with a long neck , especially if you are having pain .
 The bag is solidly constructed and light . The padding is not 2 sm thick though , but still decent . The two pockets are smallish - way too small to carry an average study book .
 I actually bought this so I could transport my nylon-string -LRB- a bottom-of-the-line Yamaha -RRB- at a fair distance by bicycle and still enjoy the ride . When the big day came , it felt very comfortable on my back -- nice and snug -- and easily held my footstool , metronome , and music . I ran into some heavy rain along the way and eventually ducked into a Hardee 's to wait out the down-pour , but not before my shirt and pants had been thoroughly soaked . My guitar and accessories , however , were completely and absolutely unaffected.If you have an expensive guitar and are intending airplane travel or some arrangement where your guitar must be handled by others , then I recommend a more elaborate case , but this bag suited my purposes perfectly well -- better than I expected , or hoped even -- and cost me little . I 'm very pleased with it . -LRB- The padding is adequate , I think , but not extravagant . There 's a bit of headroom on top , but no more than in a conventional case -- I compared -- , one that ca n't be carried on one 's back . -RRB-
 I was having trouble finding a good quality gig bag to hold my new 000 Recording King that did n't cost a fortune . This one fit the bill . Shoulder straps , side handle and carrying handle on the neck seem pretty solid . Zippers are sturdy and material offers a good amount of padding . I would have given that fifth star if there was an interior padded strap to hold the neck in place . That being said , this guitar fits no problem . Guitar specs :12 - fret 000 body with lower bout width of 15 1/8 '' , upper bout of 11 '' , and 9 1/8 '' at the waist.The body is 4 '' deep at the endpin , 3 '' deep at the neck joint , and body is 19 '' long.Total guitar length is about 40 '' . Case had 2 inches to spare at headstock .
 Great guitar cover/case . Well designed
 I just got this bag , which I ordered despite some of the criticisms I saw here . Glad I did . The bag fits my standard size classical guitar fine . It would also take a significantly larger guitar the same shape without difficulty . One reviewer said the pocket was not big enough for music . I picked up a stack of music books from my music stand and put them in the pocket without difficulty . The stack was about an inch thick . The music pocket appears to be sized so it will take 8.5 X14 music . I do n't have any of that but at any rate the pocket is big enough . There are two other pockets that will hold smaller crib books , strings , maybe an electronic metronome . Also a business card holder on the back to identify your case . Handles and shoulder straps seem to be comfortable and sturdy . The material is nylon that appears water resistant . The padding is pretty substantial and perfectly adequate for any situation where a sane person would be using a gig bag at all . Except for one stray thread , construction appears solid and defect-free . I paid $ 29.95 for this with free shipping . Jeez , what do people want ? It 's a very serviceable bag and a steal at the price . Go ahead , you wo n't be sorry .
 First , I would like to thank AMAZON for unfailing quick and safe shipment . This is an affordable guitar bag with enough padding to protect the guitar that I bought for my daughter . It even looks good in actual , with durable zippers , has 3 pockets and the large one can fit the music book , comes with two handles that my daughter can carry it by hand or as a backpack . Another small rubber handle for hanging the bag . Love it .
 I purchase this bag for my son 's birthday , he has a 38 &#34; acoustic guitar , this is a nice bag , large pockets , more than 2 . Nice padding , sturdy and roomy . my son was very pleased with this guitar bag . Also a great price for a this bag .
 I can carry it 3 ways ! It holds my sheet music , strap , capo and picks ! The padding is thick -LRB- medium -RRB- too ! I love it , I am very happy with it !
 I gave my son my acoustic guitar and he wanted a case for it . I researched them and found this one which had good reviews so measured our guitar , and based on measurements provided by a previous review , found it should fit . The case arrived 4 days earlier than we expected and fit the guitar perfectly . The pockets are big enough for his music books and his brief run through the rain protected the guitar as well as we hoped for . I would n't advise it bor airline baggage check but for normal life , worth the prive and then some !
 I bought this for my husband , who has an acoustic guitar . It 's extremely handy to have , since all he had was a hard case . It 's soft , and has extra storage , and is easy to carry .
 The protection level is better than I expected . A nice mix between a hard case and a simple nylon -LRB- unpadded -RRB- bag.Obviously , it 's a soft case , so you could never check it into an airport or put it on the bottom of a pile of gear . However , the protection level should be just fine for the light jostling off placing in a trunk , riding the subway , or walking to class / lessons .
 this bag is thicker than I expected . This is really a high quality product with an acceptable price . I really recommend this bag for those want a lightweight bag that can protect one 's guitar effectively .
 THE GIG BAG -LRB- FINALLY CAME TO ME -RRB- IT IS NICELY MADE AND , IF IT WAS N'T FOR AMAZON 'S GENEROUS - KIND SERVICE , I WOULD N'T HAVE KNOWN IT CAME ! APPARENTLY THE UPS TRUCK DRIVER WHO WAS SUPPOSED TO BRING IT ONTO MY COV 'D PORCH -LRB- AS THEY USUALLY DO -RRB- BUT PUT IT , INSTEAD , ON MY STEPS -LRB- APPARENTLY SOMEONE REMOVED - MUST HAVE BEEN LATER THAT NIGHT . I USUALLY LOCK THE PORCH AFTER THE UPS TRUCK HAS PASSED MY HOUSE . -RRB- AFTER DISCOVERING IT 'S ARRIVAL ON THE AMAZON LINK I EMAILED THEM THAT I HAD NEVER RECEIVED IT ! THEY SENT ME A NEW ONE ; I RECEIVED IT IN A COUPLE OF DAYS . THANKS TO AMAZON 'S KINDNESS AND QUALITY .
 I agree with the previous rater `` George '' this is a subjective rating . However , I subjectively find these picks to be right for me , with the .63 mm size perfect for acoustic and the .5 mm size to be slightly better for electric . -LRB- Edited 10/24/10 to say that is no longer the case . With the last string change on my Strat I changed strings to Fender 250L 9-42 instead of bullets and for the 250s the .63 mm is better than the .5 mm . So when my last .5 mm wears out it will be history . -RRB- Features in their favor is that they do n't have that objectionable little divot seen on some other brands of picks , they are symmetrical and they have enough surface ` grab ' so they do n't go flying out of the hand like yet other un-named brands . Plus white is not as cheesy looking as most picks.How long does a pick last ? These will do for several hours of playing , especially if every hour or two I turn them over or change corners . All picks wear out and become curved with use , and these may last a bit longer than average . Or not , depending on playing style .
 Yeah , I hear that all the time from friends when they see the .38 gauge Claytons I use . I 've been using them for the last 20 years and not about to stop . I even ordered specialty .38 s with logos from them 4 years ago . I gave up ` tire iron ' pick back in the day ; just felt like they were dragging too much against the string and slowing me down . With these , I get a clean , articulate pick attack that does n't rasp against the strings . If I need a harder attack , I 'll slightly bend it ... but I 've been doing this for years , so it takes a bit of getting used to . They do n't break as easy as you 'd think , but when I do rapid temelo picking , that 's when the 3 points come in handy ! .38 s are n't for everyone , but try one for a little while , maybe you can find a use for them or help you achieve a different sound in your playing ... then go back to your ` tire irons ' ! lol
 It 's not very helpful to review and rate a guitar pick , is it ? Kinda like rating fruits and vegetables . Everyone 's got their own favorites and reading a review will never magically make them useful to anyone else except the reviewer.Picking the perfect plectrum is a matter of a player 's preference . It 's a profoundly personal perspective . The product of performance ... ok . . I 'll stop ; - -RRB- These are the exact size , shape and thickness for me , personally BUT * only * for acoustic guitar playing . I use a decidedly different pick for electric guitar and another size for mandolin again , according to my personal comfort and playing style.My 5 star rating is inherently subjective .
 Best picks I have played yet ! The feel is great and the rounded edges deliver a killer tone . I have big hands so this is a great pick to hold and feel .
 I like these picks for my acoustic electric extra-light and light guage strings where I am &#34; plugged in &#34; . I like a lighter touch on the picking/strumming on my playing when plugged in vs. the heavier touch when not . For this reason I use several types of picks and these are my favorite for this specific application . These are thin picks .
 These are the classic Steve Clayton picks , but the description -LRB- when I bought them -RRB- did n't specify that they are huge triangle picks . It just takes some getting used to , but it is causing me to use 2 fingers on one side . That means i tend to strum harder -LRB- not nice in the recording studio -RRB- .
 I 've been playing guitar for almost 20 years , and these Clayton picks are all that I use . When I first started playing , it took about 6 months of trying out different brands and styles until I tried these - they suit me perfectly , and I 've never felt the need to try anything else.Of course , this is all subjective to your playing style and desired sound , but my biggest beef with guitar picks is they often slip around between finger and thumb , changing the playing surface and even working free of my grip , slipping out of my hand and thus interrupting my playing . With the triangular shape , I can use both pointer and middle fingers to hold the pick against my thumb , and that has resulted in a much more stable and articulate playing surface . I do n't care if `` proper '' technique is one finger only , this works better for me . Also , the frosted texture of the picks is easier to grip than a lot of slick , shiny plastic picks that can get slippery from natural oils on your fingertips . Plus , with the variety of gauges you can always find something that suits your style .
 For years I have been looking for an all around universal decent pick . Instead of breaking strings , break picks instead . But you will find it hard to break these picks as they are just about unbreakable . I sort of stumbled on this pick when I was just making my rounds through different music shops . I have turned a lot of my fellow musicians on to these great picks and never have gotten any negative feedback on them . They do come in different thicknesses . My personal preference is the 38 mm . I highly recommend these picks to any musician who has been frustrated with finding a decent all around pick . You may find the 38 mm the best thickness . I did .
 I been using Clayton Picks for over 5 years now . I have used many but this one seems to last the longest plus i love the sound produced using these picks , i personally use the .50
 These picks are just great . When I jam , I tend to jam hard and most of the picks I 've used tend to chip away little by little . These still do , but it 's not as bad as most others and when one corner is shot you can turn the pick to use the other two corners since it is symmetrical all around . I would go through one or two picks per jam session lasting a couple hours , with these , one corner will last me a few jam sessions making the lifetime of these picks much much longer than your standard picks . I highly recommend these for those who jam hard on the strings .
 These picks take some getting used to but once you do , they are amazing !! Articulation has never been so easy . These picks will take years to wear down !! Well worth the money !!!
 I have been playing guitar for about 18 years , and have played with every type of pick imaginable . I started out playing with smaller picks , but got hooked on using the bigger triangle-shaped picks about 11 years ago . I tried all the Fender picks and various other types , but was never truly satisfied . Once I discovered the Clayton line of picks , it was over.I started with the 1 mm picks and they were too stiff . I used the .80 s for a long time , but once I went to a Telecaster from a hollow-body , the .80 s were more stiff than I wanted . The .63 s are perfect and probably what I will use from here on out.First off , the tone and feel are perfect . I play rhythm guitar and these picks are great for any tempo or dynamic . The grip is also perfect , even when your hands get sweaty . I also love that they are white so they are easy to spot on top of my amp or on the off chance I drop one.Of course , picks are a personal choice and I recommend experimenting and being open to trying all types until you find what works best for you . There is no right pick for everybody and all styles . However , I highly recommend giving these a try . I have also tried the .50 s and they are a little lighter than I like , but if you like thinner picks these may be more your style . They are also great for playing bass if you use picks .
 I 've always liked larger triangle picks and first tried the Clayton 1mm black picks but they are a little too stiff for me , so I dropped down to the .8 s and I love them . The size is great , the feel is perfect , not too stiff to play chords but stiff enough for fast picked arpeggios and soloing , and the tone is awesome ... they are white too so they are easy to spot on top of my amp :-RRB- If you are looking for a bigger pick , try these out . I think you 'll like them .
 I thought these were the smart jazz style picks , but no worries . I just cut them down to size with scissors and they work just the same !
 It is a great price . The pics are the best out there in my opinion . I use them more than any other pic . Never had a problem with them and they come in various thicknesses . Did I mention the price is right ?
 As one learns how to play guitar , they rarely think of what pick to use and that it actually makes a difference . Shoot , as a teenager , I 'd been known to occasionally play with a nickel ! Now that I 've been playing for 13 years , I 've come to understand the nuances of all the little pieces involved . Strings matter , picks matter , and even where you decide to strum the guitar matters.People usually choose their pick based on the texture , thickness , and shape ... but I 'm here to tell you that it can drastically affect your tone as well ! The material the acetal picks are made of is startlingly different from your average tortex or nylon pick . To me , the tone is very much like a human fingernail . It 's rigid , yet springs just enough to give the strings life . It 's hard for me to describe the difference , but the Clayton picks just have a more natural , balanced , and overall pleasing tone.They have a matte texture that does n't get slippery and are also the longest lasting picks in my collection . I have picks that are almost brown from years of use and yet their only true wear is a slight rounding of the tip . No ridges , no cracks ... these things last forever . I only need to buy new ones because I lose them.I prefer the teardrop shape because it gives me more control . When using standard sized picks , I felt the need to choke up to the point where only 1/4 '' or so of the pick was peaking between my thumb and index finger . This leaves a significant portion of pick uncomfortably jammed into the first knuckle of my index finger . Everything changed when I switched to the teardrop . They simply fit and I 'm of the belief that a pick should be almost part of the hand . It should not jut out ... you lose too much control.Lastly , I must say that these are my favorite picks ONLY for acoustic instruments . They do n't do much for me on an electric . For that I prefer the Dunlop Jazz III . They 're heavier and a wider teardrop shape.So my conclusion
 This is an all around quality piccolo snare drum . I play a few different styles of music , and I definitely prefer the pop that this snare gives off . Nicely crafted and manufactured and great snare all around ! If you prefer the ` tight ' piccolo sound over the deep overtones of your traditional snare , make no mistake , this is one of the best -LRB- not to mention reasonably priced -RRB- !
 I wanted one of these ever since i was 14 -LRB- 22 now , yeah ... -RRB- anyways , its awesome !! right out the box how i wanted the top drum head , coated ambassador -LRB- it comes this way -RRB- i i went straight to placing it from the box to the snare stand , sounds great out of the box , did n't even bother tuning it , its great for the price . im so damn happy .
 I LOVE LOVE LOVE this snare . I 've been playing on it for about four years and it never fails to give me that crisp pop I 'm really looking for in a quality snare . I 've been drumming for 13 years with numerous live acts and I would n't think of changing out my snare for another one ! This is a great piece of equipment and can usually be found on sale for around $ 100 if you look hard enough , that 's how much I got mine at . Fantastic buy ! Got ta love Pearl !
 this is by far the best snare drum I have ever played . I have several drums bought over 4 decades and the staccato of this snare is extremely impressive . I love it .
 I have this bad boy and it rocks , really it CRACKS like crazy.Great for reggae/ska , hip hop , punk rock , electro , funk , or anything where rim shots are your bread and butter.Actually has some nice shell sound considering it 's a piccolo.Stays in tune really well and you can crank the bejeezus out of it .
 Got this snare earlier than the time they said , its sounds really good the drummer loves it . It seems pretty sturdy and professional as it is completely steel . Bought it for my church . LOVE IT !!! A recommended buy .
 I 've had this snare for about eight years . I love it ! It has a beautiful crack . Wonderful for more up beat dance type music . I was a ska kid in my high school days , the reason i originally made the purchase . But it sounds great in most musical styles . Every time i play it i get excited and ca n't help put play more up beat . I 've got a lot of good response over the years with people complimenting me on the sound of this snare . If you are looking for a snare that will cut through the noise of a band and stand out this one is it . It will define your sound .
 Ordered the Pearl Piccolo snare drum , black steel and it was delivered the next day -LRB- amazing -RRB- . I have played drums for 47 years , actually my first set of drums were Pearl , so when I read the reviews of this snare and the price , I had to order it . Out of the box , a little tuning and I have the best sounding snare I have ever owned regardless of price . This is an amazing snare drum . I would recommend this snare for any type music , I am mostly into classis rock and it works fine as well as any other style as you can tune this thing high or low and it still sounds great . I love the crisp driving sound of the drum.Thanks Pearl for making such an affordable , top of the line snare.JJtec -LRB- Johnny -RRB-
 The snare came in quick , it has a nice sound to it and really adds to the overall sound of my kit . For the price it 's worth it ... there are better piccolo snares of course but I have no complains with what I recieved . Plus it comes with Remo heads that are pretty amazing .
 Is an amazing snare drum , a great buy for a very low price . Thanks Pearl , thanks GearTree !!!
 This is a gorgeous instrument . The leaf and line cutouts are both functional and aesthetically pleasing , and the dulcimer resonates beautifully . You can hear the sound reasonate for several seconds after you have stopped playing . It is essential to use a pick , though ; the sound is flat and sounds rather quiet if you pluck the strings with your fingers . Thus my 4 star rating . Purchase a few soft rubber guitar picks to increase sound vibration and decrease the clacking on the strings that a hard plastic pick induces . This dulcimer is a great buy for all dulcimer players .
 i have owned this unit for about 2 years now , and its a great piece of equipment , it does everything you need as a DJ , you can also adjust curve and contour which is not common for small mixers , the size its a big plus , as a DJ i 'm constantly moving from bars to clubs to parties , and carrying heavy equipment sucks , this little baby can fit into any case or bag , fader and knobs are smooth and precise , if you are looking for a 2 channel mixer and dont want to spend big $ this would be my top choice . Great work Denon !!!
 This is the BEST you can get for the money and has all the features you need -LRB- especially for the turntablist -RRB- which im not but pleased with the high quality from denon.I think Denon has the DN-X110 out now ? Only diff is the color -LRB- all black -RRB- buy the grey on this mixer looks pretty nice even better than the picture shown here .
 Can you buy an different item of the same quality for this price ? I do n't think so . All the faders are real smooth and precise . The compact size is a great feature too for all mobile DJs ! I own a pair of the DN-S1000 and this mixer and I just love the compact size of all my gear . When I 'm going to play at a party or event and I arrive with that little case people ask theirselves if all my gear is inside that tiny case . And in fact it is ! So , if you thought about buying an expensive Allen & Heath , Rane , Vestax or whatever of these expensive 2 channel mixers . Think about the big difference of price and the small difference of quality .
 Tiny definately means more quality . Example , records vs compact disks , CDs sound better . Floppy Disk vs USB or camcorder vs. mini camcorder or stereo vs mini stereo , get the drift . Love this product . The transition between channel one and channel two using the crossfader is flawless and the fact that this is tiny helps carry less weight and make more room for the dance floor . Each channel has it 's own equalizer which is a plus . Recommend to anyone . Also the warranty , a least the one I got , is for equipment replacement . Meaning that if there were any problems with the unit , you would just get a brand new one .
 The product is excellent for one person -LRB- child or adult -RRB- to sit on while playing a keyboard . The best part was that it took less than a minute to assemble !
 A sturdy bench and easy to assemble but the picture shown isnt the same . The cushion is not as thick . But overall its good ...
 The bench is sturdy and comfortable . The rubber slip grip caps on the feet come off easily though .
 `` Works with the following models
 I recived the bench very quickly and it was easy to put together and seems very strong , at least it holds me and I 'm 6 ' 240lbs . so it was a good deal .
 I bought this because of the price and because it looked very portable . It ca n't take the place of a regular bench in my opinion , but it works fine and folds down to make it easy to transport .
 I purchased this bench for home use . I originally wanted a permanent -LRB- non folding -RRB- bench but purchased this because it was much cheaper . The bench fits me and is comfortable enough but I feel it could be a bit wider especially if a larger person would be sitting on it . There could also be more padding - or better quality.Overall - 4 stars for this price range
 This bench was very easy to assemble . The most difficult part wes getting it out of the box , and that was n't very hard . I highly recommend this bench .
 Light and so easy to carry . Will certainly hold an average adult . We use it to go to our prison services and thus it had to be something that we could easily carry . Just what we needed and what a great price ! Well satisfied .
 The bench was good and slides under the piano well out of the way . A little easy for my 2 year old to knock over though .
 I received this item very quickly and in great condition.I have been practicing on my Casio keyboard and learning a lot.The bench is very sturdy and made well .
 Piano seat not bad it is n't too heavy good for kids to move around . Is comfortable when playing . Goes great with the Privia Piano .
 Ordered this item as a gift for our daughter -LRB- 11 yr old -RRB- . Came quicker than expected and was in excellent condition . Made a little girl happy
 Just got it today . Sets up easy , did n't throw me on the ground . Good for the $ 20 but unless there 's no music stores around , probably not worth paying $ 30 when you include shipping -LRB- unless you 're the type to value convenience that much -RRB- . It was a gift , so I 'm happy with the end result .
 I think this bench is just perfect for my needs .
 I came to Amazon just now to purchase a second music stand of this type , and was surprised to find the unfavorable reviews left by other Amazon users . We have had our first stand for more than a year now and it has worked perfectly since we first assembled it . The color of the wood stain is quite red , but we 're actually rather fond of that , too . My mate wishes that her cello -LRB- also made in China -RRB- were such a lively color!My mate and I are both adult beginners -LRB- she of cello , and me of recorder -RRB- and this stand is just what we need . It is affordable , functional , and attractive . It fits in nicely with the woodwork in our cozy , old Craftsman home.Your experience may differ , but we have been completely satisfied with this music stand . And the price simply can not be beat . Thirty dollars for a wooden music stand ?
 Like another reviewer , I 'm surprised that this stand has had such negative comments . Sure , it 's not perfect by any means , but it 's more attractive than most other metallic-looking and bland-looking stands out there . There 's not a lot of shelf space to put music sheets on but then my daughter is just a budding violinist , so it is serving its function very well for now . As mentioned , it is reddish-brown , and does blend with the rest of our music room 's color scheme . You have to take that into account , if it 's important to you .
 I 've been a musician for near 40 years and this is the best music stand I 've ever owned or used . Elegant looking enough to be in any public room of the house . Perfect for the student , yet sturdy and functional enough for even the professionals ' studio .
 Assembly went pretty well . Good product if you need a music stand that needs to stay in 1 place . I 'm pretty happy with it .
 I bought this for my husband who wanted something more than the portable stand he takes to orchestra practice . It is well made and attractive looking . He was pleased with it except for the tone of the finish which was much redder than it appeared in the picture .
 It was n't for me it was a gift and he really likes it . He needed a nice music stand to leave up in the living room . It looks much better than the old one . My delivery was right on time as promised . Thank you .
 This is a great addition to anyones Music Room ... Thats all i have ... its a wonderful buy .
 No problem with this coming lose . Very happy with that . Wish the arm was just a little higher for my use .
 As with all Boss pedals , this is a good , solid , reliable effect pedal . My main use for this is to simulate a classic 70s Mutron Phasor , which it does really well on the `` 10 stage '' setting with the Resonance turned up . Great for copping that classic `` Produced by Lee ` Scratch ' Perry '' sound . Also great with a distortion pedal for David Gilmour-esque solos.The pedal can also get a passable Univibe sound on the 4-stage setting , although it does color your sound somewhat and is not what I would call `` transparent '' . Not the most popular phase pedal among the cognoscenti , but as reliable performer nonetheless .
 I own the Boss PH-3 , an MXR Phase 90 , and a Line 6 MM4 Modulations Stompbox which has some phasers . On my `` normal '' pedalboard -LRB- for making mostly `` normal '' guitar sounds -RRB- I currently have the Phase 90 and the PH-3 next to each other in the modulations section.Why two phasers ? First , some background
 Phase shifter kicked a chorus and flanger from my pedal board . The pedal is capabable of producing some very vowel like sounds ; almost like an auto wah . Makes some nice swirly chorus sounds and of course some beautiful complex phaser sounds . A very musical pedal that gives new life to chords and is also a ton of fun for just making nonsense noises . This one is worth the money .
 This is a great pedal ! It pretty much is customizable to whatever you would want out of a phaser pedal . It does n't sound cheap , which was what I was afraid of . If you are looking for a phaser pedal , I would n't look anywhere else and purchase this one . You wo n't be disappointed !
 To make a long story short , this pedal works great before overdrive/distortion , no lost of tone and or tone drops at all.The buffering circuit has definitely improved on the Boss pedals over the years cause I do n't hear any volume drops or tone lost weather its engage or not . Believe me I did all kinds of testing by it self or with my pedal board to make sure it aint gon na screw me over . I have been playing for over 20 + yrs and 17yrs of it is live gigs on a consistent basis , so if anybody here is overly picky about tone , IS ME ! I highly recommend the Boss PH3 ... . Also thank you audio-music-usa for hookin me up a good deal !
 has a great sound and easy to adjust to the sound you want , makes an guitar sound terrific , i would buy boss phase shifter again , so many to choose from.and amazon has a great price that no one can beat ,
 5 stars this product is incredible , there are so many available sounds from this and they are high quality . Many tonal options . This pedal is built like a tank . I highly suggest it
 I have had no problems with this unit , and so I 'm happy with it and would recommend it to others looking for a phase shifter
 I 'll keep the review short and sweet
 I received the best service and price possible . As for the pedal itself , what do you expect ? Its made by Boss . 7 out of 9 of the pedals i use exclusively are Boss pedals . Never had a problem and they always sound great.The phaser in particular has an incredible sweep of sounds to work with . A must have for experimental music or just to add some texture to your tunes .
 Great bag for my huge Reynolds sousaphone . I have a plastic hard case for it that 's so big it wo n't fit in my car , so i got this . The prices seem to vary quite a bit , so watch that . I like this bag because it is well designed , heavily built , very well padded and has a super heavy zipper -LRB- very important ! -RRB- . The backpack straps are fine , but need to be shortened methinks , unless you happen to be a basketball player . It has a couple grab straps which work great in case you need to hurl the whole package for some reason . In a pinch , it makes for a great survival sleeping pod , but you 'll have to curl up . -LRB- Do n't laugh , I 've slept in my tuba bag a few times already . -RRB- If you need a case for your sousie , this is the only way to go .
 I love this thing . It is cute and pretty . I just wish it held a tune a little bit better , but what can you expect for such a low price ? : -RRB-
 I had some single ply clear Tama heads and they just sounds horrible . I bought these not really expecting very much but they did what they were supposed to do . They not only drive down the ringing but they do indeed sound better .
 amazing tom batter heads , but beware , these powerstrokes ALWAYS have 2 small black rings , so do NOT let this pic fool you into thinking your getting just one black ring . with that said , these are all ive played for 14 years . finito .
 Everything went fine with this order . It was presented , shipped and delivered as promised . I have used this type of pickup before on my fiddle and have been very pleased with its performance . I would not hesitate to use this business in the future .
 I spent thousands on a beautiful sounding upright . it had the right tone . it played like a dream.then I cheaped out on the pickup.then I bought a different one.then I bought a near-field mic setup ... . then I harumpfed , grumbled , and bought a realist -LRB- which everyone had been telling me to do since day one -RRB- . Regrettably , here are your 5 stars , realist .
 Pickup works great , puts together in about 30 minutes , simple and precise instructions . Have only played it in an enclosed area so far and still working out ways to eliminate feedback at higher volume . Deep bass ; crisp , `` stringy '' highs . Sounds clear when bowed . Looking forward to hearing this kit out or on stage .
 I had some single ply clear Tama heads and they just sounds horrible . I bought these not really expecting very much but they did what they were supposed to do . They not only drive down the ringing but they do indeed sound better .
 such an amazing tom batter head . I have used these drumheads for over 14 years . There is nothing negative about them , if someone does this they arent the greatest , odds are you do not know how to tune a drum head , in that case , get a drumdial and these will sound amazing !
 It gives an extremely crisp , clean sound that fills an entire room . each articulation is clear and precise . Great head 4 a great price !!
 I had some single ply clear Tama heads and they just sounds horrible . I bought these not really expecting very much but they did what they were supposed to do . They not only drive down the ringing but they do indeed sound better .
 The material these are made from is similar to that which is used for Planet Waves Black Ice jazz picks , but the Clayton version is available in more styles . Great grip , very smooth on the strings for reduced clicking and string noise -LRB- the Black Ice picks are a bit more smooth and less noisy -RRB- , and these picks are very long-lasting . I 've tried lots of more expensive picks , and find these to be every bit as good , in some cases better -LRB- no need to throw around big bucks on those pricy picks -RRB- .
 I spent a lot of time trying to get thinner and thinner celluloid picks , but then I got a package of these babies and have n't gone back . I just wish I did n't have black surface furniture , these picks blend in everywhere and I lose them in plain sight .
 I 'd always used Clayton 's 1mm white picks -- shape and size perfect for me . These might well be the same material with black coloration , but seem to me to have a bit more texture and ` traction ' feel overall.Bottom line , I bought another dozen to pass around to my guitar playing friends . These are perfect for me -- and for those of you who prefer either heavier or lighter feel -- check out Clayton 's range of thicknesses . Looks to me like they 've got it coverered -- and with a great product . Thanks from an advocate .
 The material these are made from is similar to that which is used for Planet Waves Black Ice jazz picks , but the Clayton version is available in more styles . Great grip , very smooth on the strings for reduced clicking and string noise -LRB- the Black Ice picks are a bit more smooth and less noisy -RRB- , and these picks are very long-lasting . I 've tried lots of more expensive picks , and find these to be every bit as good , in some cases better -LRB- no need to throw around big bucks on those pricy picks -RRB- .
 I spent a lot of time trying to get thinner and thinner celluloid picks , but then I got a package of these babies and have n't gone back . I just wish I did n't have black surface furniture , these picks blend in everywhere and I lose them in plain sight .
 I 'd always used Clayton 's 1mm white picks -- shape and size perfect for me . These might well be the same material with black coloration , but seem to me to have a bit more texture and ` traction ' feel overall.Bottom line , I bought another dozen to pass around to my guitar playing friends . These are perfect for me -- and for those of you who prefer either heavier or lighter feel -- check out Clayton 's range of thicknesses . Looks to me like they 've got it coverered -- and with a great product . Thanks from an advocate .
 I 'm not just saying that either . I have experimented with several heads across Remo , Evans and Aquarius and the Evans Powerstoke 3 provides the most satisfying kick drum sound hands down . If you want that deep resonating warm sonic boom with just the right amount of punch - get this head . I have 22 '' x 18 '' kicks and a 20 '' x 20 '' and they all sound killer .
 Had one of these with an old clarinet which I sold . Just brought a new Yamaha 250 with a 6c mouthpiece and was spending a small fortune on different makes and strengths of reed , thought my lip had gone for good , quite dissapointed . Then I thought back to my old clarinet and the Rico mouthpeice , brought an A3 for the stronger reed and can now play for hours at a time on any make of reed from a 1.5 to 3.0 with false top phangs , good tone , fits well , good quality and blows so easy , reckon you could play a floor board on one of these . Not saying that the Yamaha 6c mouthpiece is no good just not suitable for me perhaps but I will say that the Rico is better finished and the raised table is good for lining up the reed in false light , not quite as good as the Vandoren B45 but then again about a tenth of the price . Most important bit of all is my Dalmation dos n't howl the house down with this mouthpiece .
 The material these are made from is similar to that which is used for Planet Waves Black Ice jazz picks , but the Clayton version is available in more styles . Great grip , very smooth on the strings for reduced clicking and string noise -LRB- the Black Ice picks are a bit more smooth and less noisy -RRB- , and these picks are very long-lasting . I 've tried lots of more expensive picks , and find these to be every bit as good , in some cases better -LRB- no need to throw around big bucks on those pricy picks -RRB- .
 I spent a lot of time trying to get thinner and thinner celluloid picks , but then I got a package of these babies and have n't gone back . I just wish I did n't have black surface furniture , these picks blend in everywhere and I lose them in plain sight .
 I 'd always used Clayton 's 1mm white picks -- shape and size perfect for me . These might well be the same material with black coloration , but seem to me to have a bit more texture and ` traction ' feel overall.Bottom line , I bought another dozen to pass around to my guitar playing friends . These are perfect for me -- and for those of you who prefer either heavier or lighter feel -- check out Clayton 's range of thicknesses . Looks to me like they 've got it coverered -- and with a great product . Thanks from an advocate .
 The material these are made from is similar to that which is used for Planet Waves Black Ice jazz picks , but the Clayton version is available in more styles . Great grip , very smooth on the strings for reduced clicking and string noise -LRB- the Black Ice picks are a bit more smooth and less noisy -RRB- , and these picks are very long-lasting . I 've tried lots of more expensive picks , and find these to be every bit as good , in some cases better -LRB- no need to throw around big bucks on those pricy picks -RRB- .
 I spent a lot of time trying to get thinner and thinner celluloid picks , but then I got a package of these babies and have n't gone back . I just wish I did n't have black surface furniture , these picks blend in everywhere and I lose them in plain sight .
 I 'd always used Clayton 's 1mm white picks -- shape and size perfect for me . These might well be the same material with black coloration , but seem to me to have a bit more texture and ` traction ' feel overall.Bottom line , I bought another dozen to pass around to my guitar playing friends . These are perfect for me -- and for those of you who prefer either heavier or lighter feel -- check out Clayton 's range of thicknesses . Looks to me like they 've got it coverered -- and with a great product . Thanks from an advocate .
 This is for the side of the drum you hit with the pedal/beater . My husband is the drummer in the family and recently replaced the original bass drum head on his new Rogers drum kit with one of these . It made the bass drum sound deeper and punchier than the original head that came with it . He also uses this same head on his other drum kit with a larger bass drum and it sounds great on the recordings he makes with his band in the studio on those drums .
 Packaged wonderfully . It even had the box the head would come in at a music store . That box was packed inside yet another box and was packaged to prevent any damage . The head was not damaged at all and it sounds AMAZING . Great buy , will continue to buy also .
 I bought a drumset off of a friend with the brand name `` PULSE . '' The kit toms had some sort of suspension system attached to them and the origianl tom mount had sheared off at the bolts . I purchased two of these to replace the broken mounts and they attached perfectly . The 3 screws that ship with the BT-3 have a large and small washer with them in addition to a nice locking bolt for the back . My toms are n't going anywhere . Nice .
 Hey , Im Parker , Im 13 , and I got this for christmas . Dude , this guitar is great . The wood is very soft , so the guitar itself is nice to hold . It also plays very well and the strings almost never loosen up , so you dont have to tune it as much . I also got a VOX amp with it , and it is the perfect combo for anyone in a band , or just looking to annoy someone for 5 straight hours ; experienced : -RRB-
 This has been my favorite snare head because I get the great open tones of a single ply with the durability and some of the muting of a double ply . I am a moderately hard hitter using 5b nylon tipped sticks and normal single ply 's do n't last as long as I 'd like . I like the version with the power center on the top instead of underneath . I feel like the tone is better and it wears the power center before wearing the main head.I use this on a pearl Chad Smith snare and it pairs well with a steel shell . I still use one moon gel broken up in four pieces , but that might not be necessary for a maple snare . For slightly more dampening I sometime go with the Evans HD Dry as well .
 I also have the Jim Croce volume 1 and 2 DVDs from Pete Huttlinger . He does a nice job teaching the material , demonstrating his positioning on the fretboard in a slow manner to ease your ability to understand what he is doing . That being said , I believe that this lesson is not for a beginner . While one or two of the songs are easier as they involve more strumming techniques , I would say this DVD is more for someone who has experience with barre chords and fingerpicking -LRB- or is willing to get to learn these techniques -RRB- . I thought this lesson was easier than the Croce lessons in that the arrangements and playing style taught on the Croce DVDS were more complex , particularly the fingerpicking style of Croce , which carried through many of the songs taught on those DVDs . However , if you are a fan of either Dan Fogelberg or Jim Croce , I would recommend all of the lessons with the caveat that it will take alot of practice to learn the songs , especially if your playing level is that of a `` strummer '' like me . At first , I wished that the DVD had been more of a selection of Fogelberg 's greatest hits , but I came to appreciate the Souvenirs album more after watching the DVD . I even bought the CD to listen to the songs and came to like the songs on it . This DVD gives a nice slice of Dan 's guitar playing and I recommend it with the conditions listed above .
 Very few gifts you can give a drummer -LRB- or keep for yourself -RRB- have as strong a relationship to the product as this one . What better expression of what drummers do than a clock ? A time keeper for the time keeper!What is remarkable is the clock is a genuine Zildjian cymbal - not a good one , mind you , but one just the same . I could n't resist lightly striking it with a stick , only to be rewarded with an aweful clang.As a cymbal it leaves a lot to be desired , but it was n't designed to be one . It is one of the most unique conversation pieces though , and hangs in my practice room . I only wish there was a K model clock so I could really show my loyalty . Also check out the Zildjian mouse pad -LRB- ASIN B0002F5GVG -RRB- that looks just like an 8 '' A-series splash cymbal !
 Zildjian Cymbal Clock arrived 4 days early !!! just before christmas !! =-RRB- and in great condition . The clock had a very good size , and looks awesome in my living room wall .
 Bought this for my father who is a drummer -LRB- I am one as well . -RRB- The quality is top notch and it 's a perfect gift for a drum room/studio or den !
 Perfect for his man cave ! As a drummer he is pretty picky on what he wants displayed in his part of the house . I was worried on this one , but it was his favorite Christmas present . Good quality . Just have to be careful of the exposed time needles .
 They sound good quiet and they sound good loud . With these monitors , it 's very easy for my ears to pick out specific parts of a busy song and analyze and compare effects . They are rather huge , however . The individual rear power switch is a little annoying too
 I have both the Fostex PM0 .5 MKII and the BX5a Deluxe for a while now . While the BX5a tends to get higher review rating and is more popular , I personally prefer the PM0 .5 due to its having more bass & volume . Both models cost about the same , with the PM0 .5 roughly $ 20 cheaper.The PM0 .5 is bigger , heavier , has a heat sink in the back , with a combo XLR/TRS jack . While the BX5a has a bigger tweeter , separate XLR & TRS jacks . Construction-wise , both are well-made . If you plan to share the same monitor between 2 difference sources , then the separate input of the BX5a is more convenient -LRB- you can always get a Y-adapter to support 2 inputs on the PM0 .5 -RRB- . The BX5a has more clarity & boosted details , but is more on a tinny side . The PM0 .5 has more boom but less treble . I guess the difference is due to the size of the tweeter and the length of the bass port -LRB- the BX5a has larger tweeter & 1 rear bass port , while the PM0 .5 has 2 front bass ports -RRB- . Sounds coming out of the PM0 .5 resemble more of the ambience of my car & home stereo than the BX5a.For my home-studio purpose , I like the warmer sound of the PM0 .5 more . I do use them to watch movie once in a while , and the PM0 .5 is more suitable as the main speakers , while the BX5a is better placed for surround speakers.For further references , I have placed audio samples of a song I wrote & arranged -LRB- so there wo n't be any copyright violation issue -RRB- , re-recorded with an AKG C414B condenser mic , placed at same height as the tweeter , normalized to -15 dB . Hope they 'll help making your choice easier -LRB- instead of having to buy both like I did :-RRB- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Back in 2003 I was looking at purchasing a pair of speakers for two purposes
 Being familiar with Yamaha keyboard , I expectedfeatures and the quality I have come to expectfrom Yamaha equipment . After I received the keyboard , I was amazed at the quality and features for this low price.Almost 500 voices and a sing along feature make this a greatbuy for those looking for a fun instrument for the entire familywithout busting the budget.I have n't seen anything comparable to this keyboard byany other manufacturer . I play the keyboard dailyand have had many hours of entertainment from it .
 This is definately one of the better electronic keyboards out there , and buying it half-price from -LSB- ... -RSB- gives you good value for your money . Although , you can get even better quality if you 're willing to pay more.Whether you buy this keyboard or another one , one feature that I 'd say musicians must get is touch-sensitive keys . Touch-sensitive keys make the keyboard behave like a real piano
 I had to returne the first keyboard because it was not playing . I received the second one immediately ! Good service !
 I have an MB-200 and this case fits it perfectly with a lot of storage space for picks , capo , etc. . The placement of the handle can make carrying it interesting but as I 'm new to this whole bajoverse , it 's possible I 'm holding the case wrong . When I first got it , it was stuck closed but after a couple well placed whacks , it opens and closes fine now .
 Epiphone makes at least three 5-string banjos , only one of which is an open back style -LRB- MB-100 -RRB- . I recently bought an MB-100 from a pawn shop , sans case . Epiphone 's website lists this specific case for all three models . I did n't realize this at first , since I was only focusing on what I needed for MY banjo . When it arrived , it was clear that this case is best suited for the resonator style banjos , NOT the open back ones . The quality of the case is top-notch . No question about it . But it 's simply not made for an open back banjo .
 After much research and hearing the not so bubbly reports about this product . I had decided to go ahead and purchase what the manufacture of the Bubble machine recommended . The bubbles where great . The solution does use up fast , but that is to be expected when you literally can have thousands of bubbles in the air at one time . My neighbors children loved it , my teenagers thought it was cool and my 3 year old grandson could not get enough of it . Would order again . Thinking about the black light or gold ones for summer parties . Bubble up !
 Great product ... I have n't had any issues with it ... . Daughter has tons of fun and I 'm ordering my second bottle now .
 This worked very well in my bubble blower machine that i bought for my kids bday party . I have no complaints
 I thought this was a little pricey for bubbles . . but if you want Big bubbles that do not break this is what you want . My grandkids love this stuff . The $ 5 bubble solution we picked up from walmart was ok but you would have to try 4 or 5 times to get a really big bubble ... wasting bubble solution ... this stuff works every time . I will buy it again .
 nice big unpopable bubbles ... but expensive ... now I just use miracle bubbles from walmart 5 $ for a little less than a gallon ... just as many bubbles but smaller .
 I think the fluid itself works well . Great for bubbles and worked well in our cheap machine ; I could stand to buy a better machine . Would give 5 starts , but unfortunately the bottle seemed to be poorly made and it leaked . Quite the mess .
 I purchased the Chauvet Bubble Fluid for my parents , they have a Chauvet B-250 Bubble Machine and needed some more fluid . They tried other fluids but nothing works like the Chauvet Bubble Fluid . I ordered two gallons and one of them arrived with a broken jug . I sent a note through Amazon and amazingly , without any issues , had a replacement sent and received . This type of service is great and unusual these days .
 I use this paper for sketching . I would never use it for a polished score , but it is perfect to jot down notes and ideas . The page is packed with staves , so I can group them in many different ways depending on the instrumentation . I also like that it is looseleaf , so I do n't waste a bunch of paper , or find myself sifting through a notebook to find a free page . I just cut open the top of the plastic , throw the whole thing in my bag , and pull the pages out as I need them .
 This is definitely my favorite staff paper . There 's something about the tan color of this paper that just makes it feel so authentic . I prefer it over white staff paper any day . The 10 stave is the perfect size for theory class , and it leaves a little room for writing notes in-between the staff . Quick service and great price too !
 I was checking out new mics for our Church . We are on a tight budget . When I purchased these , our congegation was very skeptical . WOW , WE WERE and STILL ARE VERY IMPRESSED . These mics are outstanding ! The range is endless , and the quality of the sound is perfect . I would suggest this to anyone looking for great sounding mics but do n't have the funds . I would compare these to NAME BRAND mics , without the NAME BRAND price . I will always shop for this brand in the future . The mics and amp also have digital displays . It is simple enough for any novice to operate . Basically , it is plug and play .
 works great so far . it has several frequencies to choose from to get a good signal
 I bought these to replace my aging AT 's that I can not get serviced anymore . I considered quality first then price and bought these because of the reviews they were given . I am glad I did . Whoever gave our technology secrets to the Chineese must have given them the hard drive with all the good microphone technology on it ! These are clear as a bell and they feel good in my hand . I can afford to buy 2 pairs of these a year . They use AA 's not 9v 's which is good and they give a nice strong signal from the back of the ballroom.I used these last night on stage and they sound superb . My ONLY complaint is when you turn the mic switch on there is a 1-1 .5 second delay before they turn on ... just remember that .
 I few months ago I was looking to buy some mics for my church . I was skeptical at first when saw these items , especially when there were no reviews . I went out on a limb and bought them anyways because the price was decent.I am very pleased with this purchase . These mics are being used almost everyday for the past 5 months and there has not been a single complaint ! They sound pretty good and no problems with interference.I would recommend these mics for anybody that needs a good pair of mics on a budget .
 Originally had this model when it came out in 1999 and was absolutely in love with it - stunning on vocals . It actually took a few times using it in sessions to truly grasp the level of quality and nuance actually being captured - and paired with an Otari 1/2 '' Tape machine , a tube mic pre , and a healthy 15 Inches per second , there was some real magic happening . - Unlike many newer and ` flashy ' condenser mics , people are at first easily impressed with the `` High-End '' response of mics like the Rode NT2 , etc - and please do n't get me wrong , that is a great mic and have also used that , . . - which is all well and good , but for natural and Quality Vocal reproduction , Especially on recordings with a featured vocalist -LRB- like jazz , acoustic , the Midrange , which happens to be this mic 's forte , is in my humble opinion , pure magic - especially in this price range.Being in studios most of my life , I have had the good fortune to try out a lot of different microphones . - Everything from budget Radio Shack battery powered Electret-condenser 's -LRB- Not made anymore , but they were actually amazing for $ 20 ! lol -RRB- to Audio Technica , Marshal -LRB- even more budget than RS in the condenser mic arena , lol ;-RRB- to Rode and Neumann . . and when it came time to purchase a dedicated vocal mic , I was very happy to see these were still being made and to have this be part of my studio once again.This mic is by No means a one-trick pony , but while it really excels at capturing the nuance and almost tube-like warmth in recording vocals -LRB- without a thousand-dollar price tag -RRB- -LRB- It 's also great on acoustic guitars -RRB- , I say ` Dedicated ' vocal mic because while its strengths lay fully in it Not being overly flashy and ` sparkly ' or whatever , the highs are naturally softened a bit with a focus on the upper mids - articulate and warm - an unbelievable combination when you get it right - and as a believer in keeping the EQ/effects as out of the process as possible , I personally like to record direct to tape the sound I like first - direct , and using thoughtfully chosen gear as the audio signature itself . - which makes , for instance , using this as a drum overhead a little less suitable.There are a lot of good mics out there that do just fine for everything.-but to find one that does one or two things extremely well is the difference between an inspired performance , as well as a memorable recording.All i am sure of is this is the mic i always wanted to come back to.-so i figured i would share my experiences with using this great unit and hope it helps like-minded engineers.Cheers everyone !
 Got this product today and checked it out immediately . Real easy to set up and use , has 16 channels for each mic and they do not overlap !! You can have both microphones on ch . 16 and they are pretty far apart from each other in the spectrum . Each mic has a has a ch . selector that is changable with the provided screw . The mic does have an ergonomic style grip to the body , not round . Turning the mic power on and off while the unit is in play did not render a large click or pop , I did notice one , but nothing I would be concerned with running a system at gig power . The base unit has goof-proof operation . You can choose the up or down buttons for channel , and you can ` fine tune ' each channel by going to the manual setting . Changes the frequency by .05 with each click . DB output meter and segmented signal strength is a nice touch . Fired up the unit with the supplied batteries -LRB- cheap -RRB- , each mic takes 3 AA -LRB- 4.5 v -RRB- and went for the distance check first . I was able to hear good mic response , 200 feet away , between two apartment buildings , with the receiver inside of a unit and me on the other block , no line of site , in the city . Each mic was as clear as the other . The sales info does not say , but THIS UNIT DOES COME WITH A METAL CASE !!! Very Nice . I will be using this unit regularly for gigs as an alternate mic for the live board . Lot 's of features and extra 's for a relatively small price . It fit my budget and gave me what I needed . I would recommend high output batteries .
 Our local luthier sold me this type of Glasser bow to use with my old violin . I 've only been playing for about 4 months , so I do n't have experience with a wide range of bows or with expensive bows . My Glasser bow plays well on my old violin , and I like using it . Out of all my beginner bows , this is definitely my favorite .
 I am still relatively new to the violin and I have found myself not wanting to invest to much since the violin I have is cheap . I can do a few things that make it sound better like strings and of course the bow . I am not a bow expert but compared to my other bow this one feels better to use and more comfortable with a more balanced weight . With me being new to the violin it does n't make any since to invest a lot of money especially with having a cheap violin . This bow was in my right exact price range and for that I am happy with it . Its good without being over costly .
 I purchased this bow after the one that I have had for many years decided to finally snap . It has been a great inexpensive replacement . I 've enjoyed playing with it and it produces even sound .
 This was my first fiberglass bow . It competes extremely well with the three traditional bows I have . This bow is on a heavy side and it sits well in the hand . The grip is great . Its weight is well balanced and it is very easy to play . I liked this bow so much that I have gotten another one as a spare . I recommend it most strongly .
 This is an excellent bow . I am a beginner and it is much better than the one that came with the violin .
 This book was exactly what I needed . It starts out explaining the basics of reading music , then instructs you on proper recorder technique before it goes into learning notes . It teaches one note at a time , going over the note as a whole note , quarter note , etc. . Each note is then added to previously learned notes -- the perfect way for me to learn .
 This is a great collection , for a great piece of software -LRB- Sonicfire -RRB- . But potential buyers should be aware that the libraries here are not from their `` Multi '' but the `` Single '' layer libraries . If you 're not sure what that means , it means that Multi libraries allow you to control the volume of every instrument in a mix . The single libraries do n't . How will this affect you ? Well , if you 're making student films , home movies , or just need background music that fits your scene , probably very little . But if you 're one who really digs into software , and is trying to get every nuance out of it , to hopefully make a profession production , you may want to only look at the Multi libraries.See SmartSound 's website for more information .
 If you 're a user of smartsound this is a great collection . Wonderful music is available on this set .
 I have used these before and HIGHLY Recommend them ! You can totally and completely hear the difference . WAY more resonance . If you do n't like your drums to ring , these are NOT for you . But if you do , it is like holding a drum by the rim and hitting it , a noticeable difference . GET THEM !! Simple yet effective ! Cheapest mod ever !
 I 've owned a set of these before and ended up selling the kit on which they were being used . I noticed the difference they made on the 16 &#34; tom then , and so I recently purchased another set for my current 16 &#34; tom . Same results . To me , and in my experience , these suspension feet allow the drum to resonate -LRB- sustain -RRB- better . Both of the kits I 've tried these on are vintage kits . I think it would be reasonable to expect an improvement considering the original floor tom feet are the low-profile , harder plastic-type ones . I 've heard concern that the look of them does n't really compliment vintage sets , but I would n't let that distract me . The sound improvement , in my opinion , is worth it .
 Fit my 1958 Ludwig floor tom and greatly improved stability and projection . A little pricey , but a good investment for an old floor tom .
 Was considering getting rid of the drum set i put these on because the floor tom sounded so dead . These transformed the sound . I got the resonance i was looking for . Cant believe the bargain and performance . Wow
 I bought these speakers only off reading all the reviews . . i am so glad i did ... these things are awesome !! i paired them up with 2 18 '' powered peavey subs and ran it all through the peavey 8600d powered mixer ... the sound was great and pounded all night long . . my only regret was not buying 4 of them ... the only down side there was , was that the packing was crappy for shipping . . been a dj for years , you can never go wrong with peavey !!!
 A friend has 2 used PV215 that sound so good that I ordered 2 for my church . I am very satisfied . I use them with an IPR1600 amplifier .
 The speakers produce good sound . Not alot of base but very nice mid range and good for vocals . They can get loud but I have an 18 '' sub that I use with them for well rounded sound .
 I agree with another customer review that states these speakers are awesome ! I 've cranked mine to about 700 watts with no distortion ! Well worth the money !
 I have been playing Saxophone for almost 10 years . I have played on every reed you can think of . When it comes to playing anything that is not classical , These reeds are a Most have . If you are playing more classical music , I would recommend the Vandoren Classics . Vandoren is the only reed brand I trust anymore . They have never let me down in a gig . I hope this helps your decision .
 Wow ! Over 2600 chords , large pictures with hands -LRB- not just dots -RRB- very informative reference encyclopedia ! I bought this `` used good '' but it was much closer to `` new '' condition . Very pleased with purchase , 10 star !
 My daughter who plays the guitar needed a simple chord guide to keep her moving forward and as a resource to learn . This has been just that no music just information on chords .
 I got this guitar for a christmas present this year , and i love it . it 's a great guitar for beginners , and is a fun style . I like the diffrent tones it has , and the volume control on the guitar .
 The 900 mounts a 15 '' tom very well for now -- currently , a Gibraltar rack snare stand mounts my snare . -LRB- Nonetheless , I 'd have no hesitation in mounting the top of this in the Gibraltar 's place -- sometimes , I consider that . -RRB- I 'm very certain that this pic is not correctly depicting my PDP 900 series stand -- the pic seems grossly inaccurate -- a bad fill-in picture , perhaps ? Very obviously , instead , my PDP 900 series snare stand sports a heavy-duty metal snare basket adjustment nut -- not black plastic . -LRB- The inaccurate pic was up here , as well , when I ordered earlier
 I had done a good bit of research into snare stands for a reasonable amount of money , and this one came out on top . Pacific Drums & Percussion -LRB- PDP -RRB- , a division of DW Drums , may make products that cost less than their flagship DW line , but they do not skimp on quality . This snare stand is sturdy , with double braced legs and a general heavy-weight look and feel . Good quality all around and you can trust it to withstand touring and heavy use . As a previous reviewer said , the picture is not of this model , because the stand I got had a heavy-duty metal snare basket adjustment nut . The pictures shows a black plastic one -LRB- hey Amazon ... do n't cheapen the object you are trying to sell :-RRB- -RRB- . This is a great stand for the money .
 This is great and its a DW product what more can you ask for . They do an amazing job with their products
 I bought this book a few weeks ago so that I could learn to read music . It 's been great . The lessons are easy to use and fun . I would recommend this to a friend .
 The method I studied 40 yrs ago . Put down the guitar 10 years later for the next 30 . Now I 'm back and so is Mel . Much more fun when you 're into it .
 I 've been looking for exactly this kind of book to use when I teach . I formerly used MelBay and was satisfied with the quality and pace of the books.This book , while different from those I used before , meet my needs exactly .
 I have used this guitar method for 30 + years . This is the standard of beginning guitar methods .
 I learned from this book when I was starting out and have taught from it for years . I have looked at other books , but this one really lays things out in a common sense manner . Many of the songs are easily recognized , even to my young students . Some are older , more traditional songs but give the student a nice varied selection to include songs they may otherwise have never been introduced to . The book , without the DVD of course -LRB- that 's what I 'm here for -RRB- is great for teaching or learning on your own for a slightly older student -LRB- like a teenager or older -RRB- . For a younger student -LRB- who does not have a teacher -RRB- the book may not be enough .
 Let me preface by acknowledging that Speaker Reviews are Subjective , period . I do n't consider myself an Audiophile but I do play a variety of instruments.I received these speakers as a x-mas gift and have been loving it -LRB- and blown away by them -RRB- every time I listen to them.The imaging/soundstage of these speakers are amazing . Very 3 dimensional.While these are considered ` entry-level ' Studio Monitors , there 's no comparing any -LRB- high-end or otherwise -RRB- desktop speakers . I 'm able to discern a lot more details that I could n't with my prior desktop speakers -LRB- logitech z2300 -RRB- . However , if you 're into heavy Bass , this probably will not work for you -LRB- unless you add a sub -RRB- . They 're also built like tanks , and weighs as much . Size is definitely bigger than a typical computer speaker , which was n't an issue for me . The build/construction speaks of quality all around.The speakers are very directional , so spacing between your seating position and the speakers matters.The only thing I would caution is , if you have kids , the open -LRB- no grills -RRB- design are finger magnets.I 'm using these as computer speakers , and had to order a separate cable for them : This is the one I ordered - HOSA CMP159 Stereo Mini Male to Phone Y-Cableanother alternative - HOSA STEREO 3.5 mm -LRB- M -RRB- - TWO XLR -LRB- M -RRB-
 The Alesis 520 speakers are extremely high quality in appearance , build quality , and especially sound . These are WAY better than Klipsch Promedia 2.1 or probably any other multimedia computer speakers like Logitech , etc. . These are SERIOUS speakers . They have a lot of power and a beautiful , precise , masterful , detailed , realistic sound . They work great with my PC and my Xbox 360 . I 'm not a recording musician . I just bought these for my PC and xbox 360 for general usage . I wanted something much better than regular computer speakers but smaller than full size speakers . On songs and games that have a strong base component , these speakers put out a pretty strong base . The base on these is somewhat comparable to a subwoofer , but does n't go quite as loud or or low as a good subwoofer . Nevertheless , the base is rather impressive and strong for speakers of this size . The more I listen to these speakers the more I like them . One thing that really stands out about these speakers is that you can really hear the higher pitched sounds very well . This is the big weakness of small computer speakers . They have lousy tweeters or no tweeters at all . But on my Alesis 520 's , I can hear the cymbals , rain , ocean waves , snare drum , and other high pitched sounds really well , whereas on small computer speakers those sounds were very weak or inaudible . Also , with these speakers I can hear FAR more detailed information in the music and games and it is FAR more realistic . I can hear so many things I did n't hear before in music and videogames . The sound is so much more sophisticated and richer . I can hear the instruments and other things the way that they REALLY sound , which is stylish and impressive . It gives you more of a feeling that you are there , hearing things LIVE . Everything sounds much more realistic and detailed on the Alesis 520 's than on the Klipsch 2.1 speakers and probably all other computer/multimedia speakers out there . The one drawback of these speakers I 've found so far is that they are very directional . They sound fantastic if you have them directly pointed at your head and at the same level as your ears . Also the distance between them should be the same as the distance from them to your ears . If you move away from the ideal position , then they do n't sound as good . I still love these speakers anyway . They are definitely the most expensive and best speakers by far that I have had on my desktop . The magnetic shielding also results in no interference with my CRT monitor . By the way , the lights on top of the speakers are a beautiful blue and the on/off switches are super nice quality . Even though the base is very good , I still would ideally like a little more oomph so I probably will buy a $ 200 Yamaha subwoofer that looks like a good one to get . So I will have spent about $ 400 total , which is more than your typical desktop 2.1 speaker system , but REALLY worth it . You get great bang for the buck . The quality FAR surpasses lesser desktop speakers . I was worried about music not being pleasing on these speakers , since they are studio monitors and produce a `` flat '' frequency response , but it 's OK , music still sounds great on them , and the xbox 360 videogame Halo 3 sounds AWESOME on them . However , some songs sound better than others . Some songs do n't need me to turn on the EQ in winamp , while some songs do because they lack excitement . Also , if you have a poor quality audio file or video , then you will REALLY hear the poorness of the quality on these monitors much more than on lesser speakers . I think other speakers try to make everything sound good , but the Alesis 520 , being a studio monitor , reveals to you what things honestly sound like . If the recording is great , it 's going to sound great . If the recording is poor , it 's going to sound poor . These speakers just tell it like it is , rather than trying to make everything sound better than it actually is . These speakers just give you an honest sound . If you are serious about wanting high quality sound , I would highly recommend Alesis 520 over any computer/multimedia type speakers . $ 200 is cheap for what you get , which is a pair of extremely serious speakers . Also these speakers are the biggest I can put on my desktop . Forget Logitech and Klipsch . They are a joke compared to Alesis .
 Many people have a problem with the speakers making noises while they are on . Hissing buzzing etc. . . If you get a pair of quarter inch trs to male xlr cables the speakers wont make those noises regardless of if you have a signal going through them or not.The speakers are solid give a faithful reproduction of sound and ca n't be beat for the price . They put out enough to fill a small room and the EQ settings are handy so if you need monitors on a budget these are most likely the best you will find .
 After un-boxing and playing around with these monitors on my mixer I am very pleasantly surprised . I did not expect much for $ 160 but these by far exceeded my expectation . My song selection usually has a lot of bass , but also a fair amount of mids and highs for other genres , and these preformed well in all categories . I bought these for $ 160 here on Amazon and they are worth every penny . I also own a pair of KRK Rokit 6 's and 5 's and out of the two I 'd have to say that these monitors could go toe to toe with the 5 's easily . The Rokit 5 's are currently going for about $ 300 , so if you are debating on whether to go with the Rokit 5 's or the Alesis 520 's and you 're in a jam for money , the 520 's are for you.These monitors do an excellent job of filling a small room when it comes to sound , but you may want to reconsider if you want these for a larger room . The sound is very full and I have not encountered any sound distortion on high volumes . I also have not had any issues with hissing . I 'm not really sure why I do n't have it but others do , but I do know that most hissing can be eliminated by the wires and connections you go with.These monitors look great . They have a beautiful black and gray finish that looks even more sleek once the blue power light illuminates . To be honest though , I could care less what they look like as long as they sound great , and these do . There is plenty of options on the backside of the monitor to help adjust the sound to the room and to your liking.These are packed very tight and you wo n't really have to worry about any shipping damage if you buy them here on Amazon.So far these monitors earn a 5/5 stars or even a 10/10 stars for the price range . I will periodically update this review as the months go by to give you guys a long range idea of what to expect .
 I 've used these monitors for about a year now and have been delighted at their performance . I do n't believe you can get better quality than the price I paid . I 've got them in use as my near-field reference monitors and also setup for my computer speakers . The frequency range is level throughout the spectrum , making them very accurate for home mixing purposes . Since these are self powered , there is very little white noise if any when no signal is coming through . Highly recommend spending the little extra over the $ 100 models out there - the difference is drastic enough to spend a tad more .
 These things are so perfect . The $ 200 is n't really much for what you get . These are a high-ish end studio speaker . I say high-ish because you could obviously spend more money and get better speakers but the quality per dollar here is amazing . I have them at work at my desk and at my painting studio . Originally loaned to me by a coworker who is our resident video and sound editor he suggested I try them out . I bought a pair ... . then another . This version offers you the simplicity of a single power plug . It sounds rich and full w/o being a whopper of a bass speaker . These would be great for a desk or gaming or just a serious step up from your built-in TV speakers . They are dense and well built and look classy .
 I bought a pair of these and my computer stepped into a new dimension of sound . I made a couple of collaborative recordings with some of my music playing friends using Garage Band and then Logic and Emailed them to the other guys involved , but they were n't very impressed with the work . Then they came to my place and i played it back through these monitors and they were astounded . they are pure and honest and have plenty of muscle . Now we all have them set up . It is a crucial element in any recording/music appreciation setting to have honest reproduction of sound . I 'm not going to bore you with specific details - these little guys simply rock . You need them . Buy them . Unless of course your studio is freakin huge and you need monster sound , then go up a size .
 These speakers are just amazing ! they sound great , although they do n't get SUPER LOUD , they are amazing monitoring speakers and do a great job of showing you how bad your soundtracks suck , if you mixed them wrong . They help point out all the mistakes , so that you can come up with the perfect mix . I love these speakers , they are a great addition to my home studio !
 Excellent studio monitor , especially for the price . Was not expecting much , but was very pleasantly surprised . Many studio monitors of equal specs you only get one , this deal comes in pairs .
 I bought myself a pair of these speakers on the advice of a friend and have not regretted it . I needed a set of speakers that would fit comfortably in a dorm room while sounding accurate enough to use for audio production and keyboard monitoring . My only complaints are the hiss that others have mentioned and the speakers ' unusual propensity to pick up cell phone signals from certain carriers -LRB- fortunately , my own Sprint phone 's frequency appears to be outside the range of this sensitivity , it seems most sensitive to AT&T / T-Mobile phones , rather than the EV-DO/CDMA phones on Sprint and Verizon , though I have n't really tested whether this is universally true -RRB- . I have the speakers connected to my Presonus Firestudio project and they sound great ! If I had a calibrated microphone and the extra time to kill , I would check the frequency response , but I have n't at this point . In terms of build quality , I would rank the speakers quite highly . They feel solid and well-made , and look respectable enough -LRB- not that this matters much in my case -RRB- .
 These little monitors sound great !! I have them hooked up to a Roland G8 and the playback through them is very nice ! If you want to blow out your ears , you may want the higher wattage version of these . For loud and under , these are fine.They sound GREAT !
 If you are a poor musician , mixing your own recordings
 If you 're looking for some flat high quality speakers at a good cost these are them . However , do n't buy these if you 're look for just some loud speakers .
 I must admit , not happy that after two weeks the price is now 25 dollars cheaper!That being said , these monitors ROCK ! I use them for my home studio and practicing licks using my JS 5 Boss Jam Station.They sound fantastic ! They totally keep up when used live with my guitar and amp . The sound is flat , yet add some bass and these little jewels pump with a tight bass and kick drum!Looked at quite a few that were twice this much but I could n't bring myself to spend that much.Very happy with these monitors!Yes , I would recommend them to all of my friends !
 Using an APPLE TV and AIRPLAY setup , I have several sets of these monitors positioned throughout the house . Then , in iTunes , I choose ALL monitors and my whole house is filled with sound . I am on a PC and this feature from iTunes perfectly syncs up the transmitted sound throughout the house . At night , when I have friends over , I can turn it up and the house turns into a nightclub with sound coming from every room as you walk through the house !
 They are good studio monitors . You can hear details with a good definition and purity . These monitors are not the best that you can buy , but for this price i am satisfied enough . I have a pair of Behringer MS-40 too and i can tell you both are excellent choice for an entry levels studio monitors . you can hear many things that you can not hear with a conventional speakers . Remember , besides you should select a good source -LRB- DVD , Blu Ray , cd player , laptop , control panel , ... -RRB- in order too appreciate the maximum quality for your music or sounds .
 These things are simply awesome . Perfect for what we needed them for ... The sound is awesome . Love them !
 First off , as of this wrting , this setup is on sale @ $ 199 . That is an AMAZING price for the the power and quality of sound you get from this system . For a PAIR . Of course it 's not the Yamaha HS80M . it 's also not $ 700/pair . As a touring club DJ -LRB- and amateur home studio producer -RRB- , sound quality and presence are VERY important to me , whether seeing how my mix sounds -LRB- making sure beathmatches are perfect , bass is punchy enough , etc -RRB- or auditioning new tracks for a mix . These speakers simply sound fantastic . Crisp highs -LRB- but not tinny -RRB- and good , tight , punchy bass . Properly positioned , the nearfield presence yields a very rich full-dimensional quality . At low volumes , you can simulate a good car stereo environment , at mid-volume a nice home theater , and way up on the volume , in a small studio space . . ? A pretttty decent club environment . and i ca n't lie ... video games sound BRILLIANT coming through these guys , without all that HD AC97 7.2 nonsense.Now the bad news . First , the minor one
 I guess being a ` older ' drummer I 'm expecting too much for my money these days . The stand is ok . It does the job , its steady , and holds my snare , so its worthy of 3 stars . If I was playing out night after night this stand would not last . I 'm just not knocked out by the quality . The ` rubber ' parts of the basket are really plastic , and the ` nut ' underneath the basket is plastic as well . We all know how plastic does when its up against metal . The stand appears strong , but I have my doubts about the durability . The metal feels ` cheap ' ... Time will tell . I 'd probably have to go into the $ 100 + range to get the quality that I expected here , which is sad . I had my last snare stand for over 30 years . We 'll see how long this one holds out.As far as Amazon part in this . . Delivery was quick , price competative , 5 stars for them . .11 / 24/2012 Update . . I left my initial review , because when I purchased this stand I was a ` non-believer ' in its quality and longevity . I 've since become a steady gigging drummer again , and have had great experience and success with it . So far , I 'm impressed , and I have to up my original rating from 3 to 5 stars . To date , this stand is a winner in every way.JH
 I used this one for my own subkick style mic . I needed a stand that would accept a tom which used a 3/4 arm . This one worked great . It seems to be nicely made and not at all flimsy .
 I have been using this stand for about two weeks , it seems to be very durable . My stand is holding a 14 '' Yamaha Custom snare , and holds it very solidly . My only complaint is that I was hoping the stand would be able to get a little taller , but other than that I am satisfied .
 Excelente producto en erdad logro cumplir con mis espectativas y el servicio tambien estuvo muy bien , esperemos que continuen haciendo un buen trabajo
 On my kit I like everything thing to be level and low . With this stand itworks great for me due to the basket being attached to the side instead of the top . Very strong does n't slip . All around good stand .
 I 'm not a drummer , but I play a bit and own some drums . Before I bought this snare stand , I was using a vintage Slingerland stand . What a difference . This Pacific Drums stand is solid . I no longer have to worry about the possibility of accidentally knocking over the stand , the drum falling out of the basket , or the snare moving or tilting while I play it . I thought about getting a pricier DW stand cause I was afraid the quality would n't be up to snuff , but this stand is as nice a stand as I will ever need . It 's easily tiltable . The basket gently clamps the snare down with coated rubber arms . All the adjustment knobs are reachable and easily turned from playing position . Also there 's an adjustable stop on the stand so you can quickly set it up to the exact height you had before tearing it down .
 I began using this item on my American Stratocaster and it had some interesting results . The sustain was a little bit longer and it faded a lot smoother . The tone overall was changed by adding a certain fullness to the sound . It also makes the guitar feel a lot heavier than just the added weight of the fatfinger.I 've experemented with different guitars and it seems like it has significantly more benefits when applied to cheaper guitars , especially medium to low priced strats and strat copies.So results may vary , and a lack of more scientific instructions earn it a 4 . By scientific I mean directions telling you where to place it for maximum sustain or to fix particular problems , because placement and tightness of the bolt tend to change things up a bit .
 The Mackie HR 626 is an amazing active monitor . It is a very accurate speaker in-part because it is built with the amplifiers , drivers , and electronics all matched to produce exactly what the input signal is sending to it , and the results are nothing short of stunning for the price.The bass response is quite good ; it produces square-waves -LRB- ie . from gunshots or other short-duration full-frequency noises -RRB- very well , and it 's not loose or rumbly with the bass from explosions . There is also a Mackie subwoofer for frequencies below 40Hz or so , where the HR626 starts to drop off.These active monitors are typically recommended for use in studio settings , but I 've found them to be perfect for my home theater and for playing high-end audio formats . They truly disappear , transporting you into the movie or into the music hall , providing a truly immersive experience . I can not recommend these speakers highly enough .
 this reed is extremely versitile . i used it in the concert band and marching band setting for 4 years and recently chipped it -LRB- i still use it for marching band since it 's loud -RRB- before i used this reed i used a vandoren 3 and i didnt like it very much and tried these out . i instantly switched to the 3.5 and it worked very well for me . fantastic overall reed .
 I 'm a 7th grade band student and have been playing for just over 4 years . I started out on the original Rico and gradually went up . Rico royal , Mitchell lurie , la voz , Vandoren , you name it I have tried them all . This is when I played on 2.5 . I just could n't find a reed that I liked . I got these today and love them . They are consistent and provide the cleanest and richest sound ever . There is no graininess and they speak quickly and can blast so loud . They are good for jazz , marching band , concert band , or solo play . If you have played on a 2.5 for 2 years or more it may be time to go to a 3 . I have been hesitant to do so because I did n't want to spend $ 20 on reeds I could n't play . I promise that they are almost just as easy to play , but they do n't seam to start curving or bending after being wet a long time . You also do n't feel grain after it being wet for a while , but it 's not considered a stiff strength . about medium hard . I so recommend these reeds and anyone who knows Amazon knows that products come efficiently and they have great customer service . Also , these reeds are cheaper than Vandoren -LRB- not saying they are cheap -RRB- and I think they sound better . Please do n't be fooled because they are made by Rico because Rico and Grand Concert reeds are a mile away from each other . I ca n't even play Rico originals anymore so give these a shot . You wo n't regret it !
 These are good reeds and the price is reasonable . My daughter is happy with the product and we will consider buying them again .
 Great keyboard for the money . Packed with cool features , especially for students . First , the keys are nicely weighted so that switching from this keyboard to an acoustic one is transparent.The piano comes bundled with 100 or so lessons , that is tunes you can play along , either with or without accompaniment . Although I do n't think this will teach you how to play , it is a nice complement to a teacher . When you 're done with your scales and arpeggios , treat yourself to some rock , boogie woogie or bossa nova . These lessons go from easy to very advanced.The piano sound is about as good as they get . Much better in my view than other keyboards at similar or higher prices.The USB connector is another awesome feature . You can download tunes from just anybody -LRB- there are dozens of people who share their compositions out there -RRB- . The keyboard will display the score for you so you can learn from others . You can also record yourself and view your create your own music sheet . That 's hours of fun guaranteed.The styles are fun to play with . Even while playing scales , it is more fun with a jazz beat than it is with a metronome , and it 's more real too . This keyboard is really all you need to get going . I actually think you wo n't find better at this price or even 50 % more . This is easily a 5 star.There are a few cons with this : Do plan on buying a new sustain pedal . The one that comes in the box is inadequate.The keys are somewhat loud , esp when playing fast exercises -LRB- like scales -RRB- . If you can , try it out somewhere with the volume all the way down and see if it 's a problem for you.The pitch wheel is more or less a joke.The software 's a bit slow . Recording in particular . When done recording , it takes about 30 secs before you can do anything . Displaying a score takes about the same amount of time . Not a big deal , however.It does n't look as nice as some of the higher end keyboards . In other words , it 's not black.You can not play a style without accompaniment while recording . So if you want to record your own bass for example , you 'll have to record your own drums too . Overall , the recording feature is simple compared to many synthesizer , but it is superior to many digital pianos .
 I agree with a previous reviewer who said that this is a good keyboard for the money . There 's a wealth of features here . On the other hand , I 've encountered one disappointing limitation
 I hope this will be a helpful clarification to P.M. Feldman 's comment that DGX-620B saves only to proprietary non-MIDI format , which I believe is not fully correct . Page 94 of the User 's Manual -LRB- available free online from yamaha -RRB- describes how to Convert a user song to SMF -LRB- Standard MIDI File -RRB- format and save to a USB flash drive . In this way it is possible to compose your own song with multiple voices , and save it to to MIDI format for use on a computer or other MIDI devices -LRB- and this applies to the 520 620 525 625 models , and similar function is available on the DGX 505 as well -RRB- . I hope this helps !
 I bought the Yamaha DGX620 for my 4 1/2 years old daughter who 's taking piano lessons for 2 years now . She really likes the piano especially the different sounds effects . Sometimes , she records her piano practice and then play back for her to listen . -LRB- great tool -RRB- . The sounds was very nice comparing to the one we previously owned -LRB- $ 150 Yamaha brand bought 15 years ago -RRB- . Another reason we choose this one is because it does n't take too much space and very easy to assemble .
 Its nice for the price . And detailed enough.Much better than the 4 '' version . Which loses the grace .
 The Digi 002 Rackmount fits well into my rack-space , which I prefer over the normal Digi 002 because of my tendency to clutter up my desk.Great for a home studio , but especially so if you want to expand into recording drums or a live band . It has 2 mic pre 's with phantom power , and 6 additional line-level inputs.You 'll need a firewire port . Pay attention to the length and quality of the cable you use here ! I had a cheap 6-foot cable at first , but when I switched to a 1-foot high-quality cable the signal-to-noise ratio increased noticeably ! Also , plug all interconnected audio units into the same power source and you 'll notice less ground noise.Pro Tools LE has a steeper learning curve for new users , but it is well-worth learning if you are serious about recording . If you end up liking a different recording software , the Digi 002 Rack can always be used with DAW 's such as Cubase or Logic.It 's a few years old by now , but still a great value .
 Overall , for what this product is supposed to do , its great . I find it much easier to make music , and that too better quality than what I was working with before -LRB- Yamaha AW2816 DAW -RRB- . The good stuff : Sound quality is pristine as promised even at 48KHz , but using it at 96KHz requires an unreasonable amount of computing power.Works very well with USB based midi controllers like my Edirol PCR1The included Pro Tools LE software has never run out of tracks for what I want to do.The not so good : Unfortunately , nothing can be `` monitored '' - most items have to be recorded in order to be heard . So forget about using this as a mixer.Using FL Studio , Reason etc. as hardware controllers is generally easier than using Pro Tools LE - I just do n't like it.The Pro Tools LE plugins provided are just weird . I find it better just not to use them but that could be just me.I have noted that it performs much better on my Mac PowerPC G5 than on my Windows XP Notebook and Windows XP Pro desktop . On XP Pro Tools just hangs sometimes , kills recordings . It is absurd how rendering a track from Pro Tools LE is required to be realtime - especially when the software takes up soooo much memory for no reason . FL Studio -LRB- on PC only -RRB- is so much better.Updating the pro tools software is a weird and lengthy process.Short Conclusion : I have mixed opinions about buying this as a definitive music production tool , but I know this
 I am a musician , but am getting into a new instrument with the mandolin and have no prior knowledge specifically towards mandolins . I wanted something relatively cheap in case I did n't catch on or enjoy myself as much as I thought I would . It arrived very swiftly , I ordered it on a Thursday night and it arrived Tuesday mid day . I think it sounds decent but the action is just a hair off you might have to fix the bridge , but that is expected . I had it examined by a friend who works on wood instruments as his job and he agreed that it was in good shape and he could n't find anything wrong with it . I was willing to pay a little more for a Washburn I 've always heard good things about their instruments . So overall , I am pleased with my purchase .
 Once you 've gotten this on your instrument correctly it does the job . I 've not had it fall off or cause any problems and the mute is slight and good for concerts -LRB- though do n't use this if you 're looking for something to dampen your sound for an apartment -- there are heavier mutes for this -RRB- . I did notice the little metal bits move around in the plastic tube sometimes , but never while I 'm playing and never enough to cause any rattling noise . This is your basic concert mute and you 'll get just what you need when you purchase it .
 These are really good , tough and long-lasting rubberized sleeves to fit over the feet of your Wolf or Wolf-style violin or viola shoulder rest . They go on easily , with a little dish-washing detergent . You trim off any overhang . If you have a Wolf-style shoulder rest , you will eventually need these . Mine lasted for 18 months before the first one needed to be replaced .
 this snare has a nice pop to it , nice tone and its pretty loud too !
 This is n't something that comes with a Strat , obviously ... but you do get what you pay for , and the quality of this bow was excellent . I 've used a fiberglass bow the past 20 years of my life , so I was very surprised and impressed by the balance of this wood bow.Thanks !!!
 Got everything that was described . Glad there was a kit like this for the value . Everything is small enough to fit in my daughter 's case . Thanks !
 It was a great product and kit . The only problem is that it never came with a tension peg key !! I maybe would n't have used it , but either way , it never came !
 The kit contains everything you need to care for your violin in a teeny pack that makes it easy to store
 Great starter kit for those with a violin or going to buy one.Good price .
 All we needed was clear transmission for spoken voice and this does the job admirably.No static and more than adequate range for us -LRB- only needs 35 ft with one wall in between -RRB- .
 i have used this shure wireless mic at two differant projects already ... the first was inside a conference room with flouresent lighting . no hiss or burps at all ... . the second project is still on-going , it is an outdoor theater , the largest in texas , over 500 feet from West to East , with the sound booth 100 feet from the middle stage ... the wireless reaches end to end without any distortion ... i recommend SHURE mics always ... great product ...
 A great no bat ears system . No noise no fuss . reciever works up to 200ft .
 I 'm using this microphone system with a mixer/amp and then connecting the mixer to my Canon video camera , and everything worked out great . I had to purchase a few extra cables to get everything connected , but the audio quality is good out to at least 100 feet from the receiver . Have n't encountered any problems yet , and do n't expect to . Also , the shipping was fast and there was no problem with that aspect.I would definitely recommend it to anybody looking for a relatively inexpensive wireless mic system .
 I bought this mic set to replace an older set that is used in my small church . The transmitter is 75-100 feet away from the receiver and it works great . There are no pops or sound distortion . Our church uses fluorescent lights and that does n't cause the sound to have any issues . The system is pretty much plug-n-play . I did have to change one setting on the transmitter mic to help make the mic louder but once I moved the switch it worked flawlessly . This is a great product for $ 299 .
 I purchased the Shure PG14/PG185 Wireless Lavalier System , K7 for a Church hall in Australia.Great Product . Worked perfectly . Client was very satisfied . Easy to setup . Great sound quality.Eliminated the feedback problem experience with the their dynamic wired microphone , even after increasing the mic and speaker levels further , and even after walking infront of the speakers.A word of warning if purchasing for use in a country that is not 120V you might need to purchase a power supply . Check the input voltage on the power supply before plugging it into your mains.Attaching a universal power adapter plug onto the supplied power pack will most likely damage it if it only support 120V AC.The one I received was 120V AV input , therefore I needed to purchase a seperate power supply.I was quoted $ 800 + from various local retailer , however all up even after $ 50 express delivery + $ 20 power supply + the unit -LRB- $ 300 AUD -RRB- it was less than 1/2 the local price.I did however expect1 . the power supply to be be able to handle the 240V AC - just like notebook power supplies handle both 120V & 240V & 2 . a padded case for storing the microphone , considering it is a condenser mic and very delicateOtherwise I highly recommend it .
 Shure PG14/PG185 Wireless microphone . Reception is good ; we are using it at about a 75 foot distance . Still working fine after 1 year . Update
 Bought this for recording class sessions at work . I connect it to a Canon XL-2 camera and I have to say it works spectacularly . The sound quality is amazing and the range is great . Even in the big auditorium classroom it never loses signal .
 This unit was virtually plug-n-play , It works well with our existing sound system . The sound is excellent and the quality is good especially for the reasonable price .
 I 've used cheaper imitations and they always disappoint . The Shure wireless system is easy to use and consistently operates , thus far I have had no frequency interruptions !
 I bought this after using another brand cheap unbalanced mixer multi mike system.The quality of the reception and clarity of the Shure brand is well known and I have used their products for many years.This lapel mike wireless works well at the head table of board meetings for those who speak .
 Works well . Easy to set up and adjust . Belt clip on transmitter is not real reliable . For the money this is a good choice .
 Simple , functional , cheap , cute . I keep one one my desk at home and one in my car . My 12 year old prodigy can tighten his own violin , no problem .
 This rest is a little too high for me . I would prefer a cross between this one and the Teka . It has a cut away area over the tailpiece so it does not bump into my tailpiece . There is a little pointy part that goes over the tailpiece . It is higher and than an Dresden .
 I like Ralphie Jr. s for indoor playing . It 's been years since I 'd used them for competition , but when you want to work through some music on your drum pad , these are a great tool for that . I probably started using them mostly because I grew up in Colorado and Ralph Hardimon has a huge influence there , but when you find something that works , why change ? You know you 're getting quality with Vic Firth , they go the extra mile when pairing sticks so there 's no excuse to not have your left and right hand sound the same.I 'm not a professional by any means . No professional needs these reviews to know about these sticks . I 'm writing for the person in middle school or high school that wants to march , needs a lighter stick to build up to the outdoor sticks , and does n't have a lot of money to spend -LRB- great prices , always -RRB- .
 This is a beautiful instrument that is almost as fun to look at as it is to play . It plays in tune . At first , some of the high notes came out flat according to my electronic tuner , but tightening my embouchure helped with that . I only play with the straight neck , so the curved neck may behave differently . The sound is what I think of as `` mellow '' , not too dark , not too bright . The included mouthpiece is The Woodwind C * , which is a very nice upgrade from the usual cheap plastic pieces . It is a very free-blowing instrument -LRB- I can put out the low notes easily -RRB- . It is very solid , and the key action is smooth and quiet . There were no leaks in my horn or any other issues at all . Overall , this is an excellent intermediate horn . It 's a very unique and elegant piece but quite affordable here on Amazon . The finish is nice , but I do n't know how well it would hold up to avoid scratches or dents -LRB- I think think it would probably hold up better than black nickel but not as well as regular brass or antique bronze -RRB- . Also , keep in mind that it is a saxello , so for gigs , it might not be ideal since it might be hard to find a stand for this type .
 This is a good mixer , a good start if you ever want to get your feet wet . The drawback is it is only a channel mixer with no pitch changing or beat mapping/altering . A good start though .
 This mixer is excellent for the price . I have used it for 3 years now with no problems . Gets the job done . Cross fader and all sliders remain smooth .
 I had a problem . I have an older double cassette tape deck . A good deck with record on the left and a dubber on the right . I wanted to be able play over what I had recorded but I could n't until I got this little mixer . It allowed me to make the proper in/out connections to make my double cassette a karaoke without the microphone . Of course there is also a mic connection so I can actually sing and play over the top of a pre-recorded tape.I patted my self on the back for being able to figure this out and I also pat Behringer on the back for making this slick little mixer at a very affordable price .
 The Teka chinrest is of medium height and scoop with a wide cup . It is very comfortable for me , but unfortunately , because of the scoop , the underside of the front end of it touches my tailpiece . I 've got a lot of filing ahead of me to smooth it down . It attaches on the side of the violin .
 My 4-year-old nephew requested a drum set for Christmas and I did n't want to buy him something that `` just made noise '' but a musical instrument that could grow with him . I hesitated before spending this amount of money on an instrument that he might not want to learn , but when I passed up the opportunity to get it for Christmas and he seemed disappointed I decided to purchase it for his birthday . When we unpacked the instrument we truly began to realize what a terrific value this drum set is for the amount of money that we paid for it . We received 5 drums , 2 cymbals , a stool , and drumsticks - the set was beautiful and clearly good quality . The birthday guests were all very impressed by the professional look - a family member with professional experience in music `` confirmed '' that this is indeed a quality musical instrument rather than just a good looking toy . It was good that we had this family member around - the drums needed to be tuned and positioned correctly and we , as non-drummers , were fairly off in our set-up . However , the seller had provided us with clear instructions and offers of assistance that made us right enough that our nephew never would have known our errors in any case . Most importantly , our nephew was clearly thrilled with the gift - he played the rest of the afternoon only stopping long enough to let his younger brother take a very brief nap . When he heard his brother wake up , he RAN back to the drums to play again . He says that he is a rock star now and I 'm not sure if he sounds like one , but he sure does look like one with his awesome drum set !
 Got this for my 11 year old son and it has been a perfect fit ! Great bargain for a whole ` real ' drum set but scaled down just right for a pre-teen . I highly recommend as a very economical choice for any 10-12 year old child who is at least somewhat serious about drumming .
 I wondered what type of quality I would be getting for this low price.I was extremely surprised at the sound and quality of the set.My son is really pleased that after assembly , he could start practicing right away and not have the set sound tinny and cheap .5 star recommendation !
 Overall these are a pretty solid . The hardware and cymbals are pretty low quality , but for the price it is nice . It arrived in perfect condition and it is a really sharp looking little set . As a life long drummer it was easy for me to set up , but I can easily see how someone with no knowledge of this stuff would struggle . It took me about 45 minutes to get it all together . Not much more , and I took my time . Of course I knew where everything went . I 'd think a person that did n't know anything about this would probably take a couple of hours . The directions are really poor . Common sense should be enough though.Getting an all inclusive set for around $ -LSB- ... -RSB- shipped is a real bargain though . I debated just getting a normal sized set for my 4 year old , knowing he could grow into it , but that would have cost me at least $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for anything even remotely decent - that included everything -LRB- cymbals , sticks , throne . -RRB- I looked around for months - shopping , comparing , shopping more , and this was by far the best for the money . The 1st Act stuff is pretty junky in my opinion . This was n't as great as I had expected , but again for the money you ca n't go wrong . It 's small , so they wo n't use it for a ton of years . The good part of that is they will be less likely to wreck it . I think I could sell it now for more than I paid for it locally . I know that when I do eventually sell it I will not lose much of anything on it . It does seem durable enough for my 4 year old , though.Really , if you are hesitant , do n't be . I am as frugal of a shopper as you will find and always work hard for the best deal . I found one here , and you can to . I bought the black . Really , really sharp !
 Drum kit arrived today . Opened and inspected all parts - happily everything was in order.I hour later the kit is set up and ready for our son to start playing.Some reviews have noted that is was difficult to set up and this is not the case . Everything is well packaged and putting it together was pretty straight forward so you really ca n't go wrong.Quality of the hardware is excellent so it should last a long time.Shipping was fast and communication from seller was excellent .
 I was impressed by all the positive feedback this product received , so my wife and I thought it would be a good idea to get it for our two year old . He LOVES it . The drums themselves are very professional looking , and they look great next to my personal drum set . The floor tom and bass drum were easy to put together , and they sound great . I look forward to having our son grow into this set . I would highly recommend this set to anyone .
 I originally bought a `` bargain '' from another store and was disappointed by the size and quality . It was a plastic toy that cost $ 100 and it arrived damaged . Then I contacted Vintage . I purchased the GP55 Child Size Junior Drum Set . This is a nice size drum set
 Bought this for my 4 year old and he went nuts when he saw it . Overall , the quality of this drum kit is very , very good ... especially for around $ 200 . You ca n't beat it . As some others have said , the instructions could be better . The picture on the instructions does n't even show the right picture.The finish is very good and the sounds is good.This is nit-picking , but the kick drum sound could be improved . I play bass guitar and have been in bands for nearly 20 years . It sounds like a large floor tom instead of a kick drum . But hey , like I said , for the price I ca n't complain . I plan on putting a couple pieces of tape on a couple of the heads to deaden the sound a bit.You certainly wo n't find anything better than this for the price .
 I have been playing drums for 25 years . i bought this kit for my 14 month old son , who developed a quick interest in playing my drums . this is a nice little beginner kit . easy to set up , however i have knowledge in this area . i threw away the instructions as i have a lot of experience setting up drums ... if you have a friend who is a drummer , do yourself a favor and enlist their help . but it shouldnt be that hard for someone unfamiliar with drums . the drums themselves are very nice for a kids set , and sound great . the cymbals are cheap , but adequate . the hardware is fairly sturdy . my only complaint is the kick drum pedal . super cheap , and terrible action . im also not a fan of the snare wires , but my son could care less . he spends a lot of time banging away on this thing and i think , with some minor upgrades in the future , he 'll have this kit for several years to come .
 Hours of fun and good music had by all . Would recommend someone who knows about drums to put set together . Only complaint got drum sticks from company along with drums and they paint coms off when my son plays . Maybe he is hitting to hard but the drums already look stained up .
 Our son was so excited to get a drum set . My husband and I chose this one as it came with everything ; drums , cymbals , stool . It was easy to put together and tune . The cymbals are cheap , but good enough to start with . I am very pleased with the quality and what we got for the price .
 I bought this set for my son . I have to say , overall , the hardware was better than I expected . The set was easy to assemble . The bass drum hoops was a little oval shape but it was easy to fix . I have no regrets on this purchase .
 Very nice drum set . I am very impressed with the sound quality . the draw back is the instructions ... very difficult to put together .
 I was looking for drums for my 6 year old for over half a year and finally decided on these . It has been over 6 months and they are still in great shape after three of my boys continually abuse the drums . My son is starting to pick up rhythm . and I am happy of the investment .
 Christmas gift for our 4 year old son . Surprised at the quality of this set . Nothing bad to say about this set . The hardware is of good quality , drum heads seem durable , cymbals are not the biggest in the world but the effect is fine . I would have to say this is an excellent starter set .
 Received this drum kit way before the estimated 7-10 delivery date ! Neat little starter kit for a child , price was right . Some of the hardware is a little chinky , but you get what you pay for . Overall not a bad product , worth the price .
 I bought this as a gift for my 4 year old grandson . And boy , does he use it ! He loves to play along with music . He has been enjoying it for hours at a time . If it can stand up to a 4 year old - it can really stand up .
 Bought the GP55 Child Size Junior Drum set based off the reviews on Amazon ... . The drumb set is great , my 5 year old boy is having a blast with them . My wife and I even get on them sometimes and have fun trying to put some beats together.We are not musicians but my son had been asking for a set of drums for some time , we did not want to spend money on something that would fall apart after playing them but could n't justify paying a huge amount of money for something that was going to be a toy for my son . This drum set has lived up to all the reviews . They are tough , well quality built and a great starter set for kids.Note
 I bought this drum set for my sons birthday , he turned 5 but every kid enjoyed it ! Its perfect size but good quality . It 's a great price for such an amazing item . My 11 yr old son even enjoys playing with these .
 I bought this for my daughter as a 5th birthday present on a recommendation from a friend and was BLOWN AWAY by the quality of this kit ! This is n't a toy - this is a REAL drum set for kids ! I love it , my daughter loves it , and the only way I could be happier would be if the cymbals were as top notch as the rest of it . But they are still functional ! As a professional musician , It was important to me to get something quality for my kiddo ; this product delvered just that .
 We bought these for my four year old for his birthday , and he loves them ! They are a great starter set for kids who are interested in music and rhythm . They have a great sound and this was the best price we found for a set that included so many pieces .
 My eight year old granddaughter could hardly wait for these to be assembled -LRB- easy assembly -RRB- . She really would n't have cared if there had been NO other presents under the tree for her !
 Got this for our 4 year old . Was time consuming to put together , but really was n't that bad . Is an awesome set . Very nice drums and seat . We got it in black . It is an impressive set to see and use . All our boys ages 4-14 have used it and had fun creating beats .
 Yo , in this dj package the STR8-30b turntables are great . With there direct drive motors and their 10 % pitch control these turntables will last for years . They work great for scrating or just playin a record . The mixer that comes with this package also rules . It has every thing you need like the mic input ans the low and high control for both chanels . The crossfader is n't the best but it works . So if you are starting dj work than I would get this . STANTON RULES !!!
 The turntables are great for the beginner DJ and are good enough to start scratching and practicing beat juggling . If you get good with these you will be incredible on some better decks . The mixer was not good at all really but it works and you can always upgrade with the money you saved by buying this pack in the first place .
 Unfortunately , Henry Cowell 's review and low rating have nothing to do with this instrument . His comments should have been directed to Amazon rather than blowing off steam here , lowering the rating of what might be a fine instrument and misleading dozens of people who actually found his review helpful . The brand name is `` Woodwind '' which could have easily been discovered by the uninformed Mr. Cowell by simply noting the link under the main title of the page `` more products by Woodwind '' . -LRB- If you read his other reviews - mostly negative - amazingly he is into writing and communication ! -RRB- Henry has left this same negative complaint under another Woodwind piccolo listing also . I have no personal experience with this make or model but for the sake of fairness to this manufacturer I have entered a high rating to offset Henry 's contribution to society and public display of ignorance and obliviousness .
 Do n't let the brand name -LRB- Woodwind -RRB- fool you into not taking a second look into this piccolo because it is n't one of the main brand names . I have performed in many paying professional -LRB- and University -RRB- orchestras using this piccolo . It has a beautiful , sweet sound and plays in pitch and technically allows you to change the timbre of the tone when needed . I HIGHLY recommend it for anyone that is looking for a wood piccolo on a tight budget .
 I have been using these for a year and a half . These turntables are ideal for people who want to try DJing out . These are n't the best for anyone who wants turntables for pro applications . I would have to disagree with Mike about beat matching . If you know how to beat match , these are very good . They start and stop instantaneously , and hold their speed perfectly . These turntables have an equal torque to the Technics 1200 , but less than some numark and other stanton turntables . You do n't need all the extra torque to DJ . You can beat match and scratch very well with these.There are two things you must consider when buying turntables . Firstly , you have to decide whether you are going to DJ or just listen to music . If you are just listening , you need an S-shaped tone arm . These turntables have straight tone arms . The S-shaped gives superior sound quality , so this is not the deck for you . If you are DJing , this is better for scratching than mixing , because mixing is better with better sound quality . So mixing is better with an S-shaped ton arm . If you are doing both scratching and mixing , I say go with the S-shaped , and use scratch needles with extra weight - but only scratch records that you are n't afraid of ruining . There are many different straight and S-shaped turntables . Your style makes your choice.The only gripe I have with the STR8-80 is that the body is made of plastic . If you want your turntables to last a very long time , plastic is unacceptable . Go with the stanton 150s or technics 1200s . Another feature that this turntable does n't have that the two aforementioned do is the ability to change the height of the tone arm for stabilty.This is better for newbies , like me when I started.I just regret not saving up for a few more weeks , to get a longer lasting set . These have been good to me so far , but I do n't have faith in their plastic bodies.Here 's a tip for if you do buy turntables like this , that have key correction . Sure the key correction is a cool little tool , but you sacrifice sound quality and volume . You should n't really mix songs that are have very dissimilar tempos , so use phono output -LRB- louder and does not allow key correction -RRB- .
 This player is so awesome.The sound is great and it is fancy , the looks are so cool.The straight tonearm is the way to go.For all you analog freaks dont be alarmed by the digital part.You get full analog with the red and white cables which has a built in preamp.The digital part is for your computer or hooking up other stuff.For sound i give it a 5 . -LRB- Whoever thinks digital music is better is a true moron -RRB- . Durability I give it a 5 . This machine is a beast.Accually I give everything about this player a 5 . Just dont be frightened because its a djs turntable , i just listen to vinyl on mine and im glad I got a djs turntable .
 We put the Stanton STR8-80 into our system about a month ago and since then our CD player has gotten downright lonely . Records I had previously considered almost unplayable sound pretty good , and records that are in good condition sound excellent . I 'm not a DJ , I 'm a music lover old enough that my music collection contains hundreds of hours on vinyl , but I 'm really pleased with the DJ capabilities of this ` deck ' . One major advantage of a DJ turntable is that the motor can withstand the resistance when I 'm cleaning a record before play -- critical when many record in a collection are 30 to 50 years old . It tracks well , and the blue lights are really fun too . Also , if I want to play along with the record , the capability to adjust pitch but not tempo is very cool -LRB- yes it sounds a little weird , due mainly to the envelope distortion -- but way easier than retuning a piano -RRB- . No hesitation , I 'd recommend this highly .
 Yes it costs more than other brands , but it plays the old 78s I got from my dad , and it plays them about as flawlessly as I could have hoped for , in records that are over 50 years old . I do not use it for any of the dj features nor have I tried to hook it up to my computer , but it is nice to know I can try to copy records to my hard drive and make . mp3s , whenever I have time . heck , I hardly have time to write a review.This turntable was worth it for me , for the 78 speed .
 I bought a pair of these turntables about a year ago . They were my first tables . I use them for mixing breakbeat and I use them to scratch . These are very good for scratching , within a month I was impressing myself and all of my friends . Very good for scratching . I have been practicing mixing on these tables also , but the only bad thing I can say about these tables are the wow and flutter on them . The records do not stay matched up for very long when you beat match , but the sound and features on them are great . Reverse , 33,45 , and 78 speeds and the pitch control also comes in handy , especially when the records you are trying to mix start going out of sync you can adjust the pitch to sync them back up .
 Excellent , super solid turntable . If you do n't feel like dropping 700-1000 dollars for a Technics SL-1200 , this will do nicely . Everything you need to DJ .
 Bought in 2004 , had a girl sit on one coming off the top bunk in college cracking my on/off switch and board inside pushing it all the way in . I thought it was the end , I popped the On/off switch back up plugged it in , turned it on worked flawlessly ever since . Very Solid , plays good .
 I have owned these tables since 2002 . I love them . They have been good to me . I have used every table on the planet . The technics 1200 is by far the best , they last forever and are bullet proof . The stanton is very close . Made for scratching and if you ca n't afford the technics is a great option . I have been a dj for 17 years and love to mix with vinyl . I use final scratch to mix mp3 via a computer and these tables perform flawlessly . They are out of production and the t92 is the current model for sale . I work and guitar center and everyone in the dj dept. agree with me that stanton make the best value turntables on the market . The stanton final scratch interface with trakktor software is a awesome combo . Check it out .
 this mixer is pretty sweet and i was satisfied with it except i have a ton of drag in the fader already , even though the focus fader is guaranteed to never have drag . I have only had it a few months now .
 Great Battle Mixer . Built tough like a tank . I am a professional Hip-Hop DJ and toted this thing around on road gigs , as a back up mixer , for years . It had been tossed around , used by kids , used at public functions for people to try out , and generally beaten up.I did eventually change the Focus Fader out for an Innofader . The cut-in adjustment was basically unusable with the OEM Focus Fader . Also after trying to clean it -- it fell apart . With the Innofader it was comparable to my Vestax PMC-05 Pro3 . I love the push button Hamster Switches . The kill switches were a nice touch.My only other gripes was the lack of 3 band EQ knobs -LRB- Low , Mid , Migh -RRB- . This mixer only came with Low and High knobs . Again , a great battle mixer , but not great for mixing . Also do n't try to contact Stanton for support , parts , or basically anything . They wo n't contact you back . I tried for almost a year.All in all -- I would recommend this to a friend or any Battle DJ starting out on a budget .
 The first time you use any of the Stanton mixers equipped with a focus fader , you 're going to love how crisp the cuts are . While a normal fader , fades the balance between to channels ; the focus fader essentially provides an on-off switch for the channels . This means that any volume fading will have to be done with the individual channel faders , but I do that already . If you get tired of using the focus fader , a standard fader is also included . Using this fader will allow you to adjust the curve of the fading to suit your mixing style . I 've been using this almost since it first came out and i 'm pretty happy with it . One problem I have with it , is the focus fader is much too easy to accidentally knock around . i suggest trying it at the store to see if its right for you .
 This is a fantastic beginner piccolo ... I outgrew mine after a few months of playing it . The key mechanism is stiff , but it is really easy to play , more like a flute than a piccolo . If you are just learning to play the picc , or have difficulty doubling flute and piccolo , this is a decent choice for the price . If you are looking for an instrument that will last you for awhile as you grow as a musician , try something else .
 Being a Baby Boomer , I had a record collection carefully protected , literally 1000s of albums , but nothing to play it on . Have several players , but no needles . Talk about finding a needle in a haystack !! So I was determined to get a new player . Well I checked out a lot of different brands on an average price range of $ 150 and they were all small size players , most were shoddy plastic that I just kept looking . THis is a professional record player , with all the goodies you see DJs using . Not that I want to what they do , but I appreciate the craft in this player and know it is delivering such splendid performance.The player is heavy , the first thing you notice when you pick it up saying it is not these plastic `` toy '' players . The replacement cartridges are a very responsible price , so I wo n't have to worry about not being able to find them . It plays in 33 , 45 and 78 , but the real draw is the easy with interfacing it with various mediums such as allowing you to plug directly into ANY mixer without a phono in or ground cable or connecting directly to your computer . Neat feature is You can use the MP3 line in sending audio through your turntable without having to even touch your mixer.The quality and options and this amazing price just make it one super buy !
 Excellent turntable ! For the guy who gave it one star -LRB- totally unreasonable -RRB- because of no catridge
 Got this monster of a turn-table as a birthday present after my old Technics gave up the ghost a few years back . Be forewarned , it does n't come with a needle so I ordered a Stanton 680HP cartridge/needle from a DJ web source -LRB- Amazon carries it for about the same price -RRB- and with in minutes of attaching it to the player I had burned 2 Kinks 10 '' LPs onto my computer . It was extremely simple , even for me , an individual who can barely tell a monitor apart from a TV . A RCA cable to the amp and then a stereo RCA to Mini 2 m. pair cable -LRB- Amazon or Radioshack has them -RRB- from the amp to the soundcard mic connection and Pow ! all my old punk rock 7 `` s which I have n't listen to in years came back to life . Next to burn is the Miles Davis Mosaic 10 LP Plugged Nickel Sessions . Wow , what a beautiful moment . I 'm using Musicmatch to record and selecting line-in in advance options and volume leveling to boost the sound although it probably does n't need it . Then a few seconds later and the Kinks were on a burned CD and in my car stereo sounding so sweet . StantonDJ web site is a great help especially the message board for figuring out the hook-ups if you have any problems . Now the only problem is figuring out which of the 1200 LPs and 400 7 `` s to burn next ...
 This deck has far more features than I will ever use.The price was very fair , the build quality is really good -LRB- with the one proviso mentioned later -RRB- and it took less than ten minutes to hook up to an amplifier and start playing my old albums.My only quibble is the manual lever which lifts -LRB- and drops -RRB- the tone arm - it 's a small rather weak looking metal lever and does n't seem to match up to the quality of the rest of the deck.I would recommend this deck to anybody looking for a quality deck at a very reasonable price .
 I have been playing on my STR8-100 's now for two and 1/2 years ... I love them . Key correction is good-it even works when using mp3s or cds . Variable pitch rate is great when trying to `` screw '' rap albums or when mixing that track that has an odd time -LRB- Bpm -RRB- . High tourque platter is double of what you will find on Tech 's MKII or MKIII -LRB- Go ahead , check the specs ;-RRB- . Drawbacks are turntable is sensitive to `` bumping '' - record will not skip but a thump is audible . Also , I seem to have developed a spring problem inside of my tone-arm base on my second deck ; the tone arm does not rest properly on its stand anymore . This may be due to my extremely rugged use of the deck though , so do not be scared off . I would put this deck up against Numark TTX or Tech 's SL1200MKII ANY day of the week .
 i have used crappy mixxers in the past and when i got this i loved it , this is the best scratch mixxer that u can get fot the money and the cross fader is great , i have done lots of scratches and not once has the fader gone on me , and the fader glides like butter.get it while u can u will not be disapointed .
 what can be said about a set of instrument strings that has n't been said already ? They 're nice and bright , shimmery tone . They fit on my autoharp . Great !!
 I like the fact that by purchasing my Autoharp strings this way , a donation was made to my church because I used Goodshop through Goodsearch.com . The strings were sent quickly and have a nice ring to them . Thank you .
 For those Stanton fans who use conical styli , club DJs , 45rpm collectors -LRB- as most 45s are made out of styrene and not vinyl , if you use an elliptical styli , they are likely to scratch another groove on the disc surface which only ruins the discs if you use the cartridges too much on 45s -RRB- , fans of spherical -LRB- a.k.a. conical -RRB- styli for its low cue burn , this is the cartridge for you . It is not intended for most hi-fi applications but for what it is , it is a great cartridge . I played a somewhat scratched vinyl of Amy Grant 's `` Unguarded '' with this cartridge and the surface noise got reduced well with this cartridge while my Stanton 680 EL II -LRB- elliptical cartridge -RRB- which I recommend for most hi-fi purposes plays it with surface noise . This is the industry standard for spherical styli and cartridges and is one of the cheapest for this purpose plus the styli can easily be replaced .
 I am sick of all these snobby comments about a classic phono cartridge . I have been DJing for 15 years . I will never forget the night that I opened up for this `` pro '' DJ when I had just started out . He replaced my Stanton 500 's with his Ortofon Nightclub carts . In the middle of his set , one of the Ortofon stylus ' came completely off . -LRB- This has never happened to my 500 's '' -RRB- I had to give him one of my 500 's to use . The sound was bigger whenever he mixed over to my 500 . This could have been attributed to many factors . I just know that in the heat of battle the Stanton 500 clobbered the pretty boy . I love how many audiophiles are out there today . Especially considering the fact that none of them even own an amplifier . Your iPod is not Hi-Fi . The Stanton 500 is durable , inexpensive , and sounds great . Save your cash for a good amplifier and some big speakers .
 This cartridge has a spherical stylus , which gives low record burn . The other review has it wrong . I have two on my 1210s and they work fine . I am going to upgrade to the Shure M44s some time because they give even lower record burn and have a higher output and wider frequency range .
 this is a DJ cartridge designed for backcueing and scratching . They are very affordable and have a reputation for lasting a long time and low record wear . Perfect for new DJs , but if you are serious about it or want to do some scratching get some Shure M44 's . This is not a audiophile highoutput cart . Its meant to be affordable and reliable and it is .
 I just hooked these back up after having used many different carts for quite some time and even getting some hifi tips . This is not exactly a `` low burn '' cartridge . With loud records and a lot of high frequencies , you 'll get some nasty frequency intermodulation distortion ... and that sound you hear is your record being damaged . This is caused by the cantilever thickness being overbuilt and overmassed for enhanced durability . So that out of the way and assuming such records in your collection are already screwed up from this cart and others that do this -LRB- Ortofon dj series tips , I 'm talking to you ! -RRB- , let 's get to what I think the 500ALII and the v3 do so well . They 're neutral and tight as a. . . well , I wo n't say it out loud . You really need a smooth mixer with a phono stage that is refined , and the capacitive loading needs attention to get a good match.But when you get it right , aside from the right channel rasp on the aforementioned hot masters , it 's pretty much flat from about 40hz to 16khz , and the lower bass is only 1 or 2 dB down . Phasing is right down the center line , the balance between beat attack & decay is kosher , and while it 's not the most detailed or delicate presentation , the rest is enough to cause you to question all the money spent on rolled-off 680 's , constrained-sounding Audio Technicas , overpriced aloof-sounding Ortofons , or bloated-bass Shures . To be fair , the Shure is lower distortion , the ATP is even lower , and the 680 better still . Yet on low to medium amplitude pressings , the 500ALII is one of the most CD-like tones you will find . If your separation is poor , I can tell you something is wrong . So in spite of all its failings , it gets an honorable mention . It would be interesting to see if Stanton keeping this ALII/v3 suspension but using a thinner cantilever and an elliptical diamond might give us the best of both worlds .
 I 'm playing in an acoustic trio , and this little washboard gives that cool sound without having to hold one of the big ones , or make up some sort of shoulder strap . Sitting down , the 2 legs straddle your knee so it rides in place nicely .
 Me and a small group of guys sing Creedence Clearwater Revival - Down On The Corner , The Soggy Bottom Boys-I AM A Man Of Constant Sorrow and Hank Williams , Jambalaya -LRB- On The Bayou -RRB- . We use the Washboard , Two-Tone Wood Block , Kazoo 's , Musical Spoons and some other fun little Musical gadgets.We are the North Shore Poorboys Kazoo Orchestra .
 I purchased this washboard for my 2 yr old grandson . He absolutely loves music and instruments . I have n't tried it myself , but it looks just like the picture on Amazon , and he really likes it . It seems to be made very well for the price . I 'm sure he will have lots of fun with it , both now and in the future .
 It 's not your grandmother 's washboard - still it makes great music . Arrives with three thimbles for strumming . Used it for `` You Are My Sunshine . '' Wonderful musical accompaniment . Sturdy enough to allow a toddler to play with it too .
 Cute well made wash board . I painted it black and decoupaged it for my wash room . Made a cute wall decoration !
 I am not sure if it was the postoffice that delayed the arrival or the company I ordered it from . I got an email stating the musical washboard would arrive on December 20th and it did n't show up . If it had n't been intended as a Christmas present it would have been less of an issue . I called the company and they said it was at a postoffice a couple hours away from me and I should get it soon . They also said if it did n't show up within 2 weeks to call them back and they would try to figure something out . Luckily the item arrived -LRB- although it was more than 2 weeks late -RRB- so I did n't have to call again to search for my missing item .
 This is absolutely fantastic for starting a country time band . While washtubs and jugs are still fairly easy to find no one really uses washboards anymore . It 's a very interesting instrument to use and also works well as a stage prop too .
 I am thouroughly enjoying my musical washboard . I cut the tips out of cotton gloves and pushed thimbles through so I can get maximum sound and no wear and tear on my fingernails . I put on some polka music and strum along . I encourage my grandchildren to keep rythem with the spoons -LRB- making the washboard seem very desirable -RRB- . Each has enjoyed our session and look forward to coming back .
 Ok , so you came across this cart and you 're thinking it 's just a DJ cart and the sound is not up to ` hi-fi ' standards . Well , hold on ... Let me school ya ' about what a real professional cart is . Back in the days when radio used to rely on 45 's and LP 's for music , we used Stanton 500 cartridges in the studio . Only one wood describes the performance of a 500
 Great capo , super easy to use even for a beginner . Change positions is simple . Spring tension is spot on . Only capo I need !
 This capo does exactly what it should , and it matches the detailing on my guitar . I love it ! Thank you !
 I love Kyser capos , they 're inexpensive & never loosen , not to mention this one matches my red acoustic ... so dirty ! It 's gorgeous & the shipment was very fast !
 I have owned a couple of these capos and they work great . I would recommend these to any guitarist who needs a capo .
 One piece and solid and easy to move while playing . The best `` Fret Lobster '' I 've used , others have fallen apart .
 I been using this Capo for almost a year now sinc ei got it , I love to use this im very satisfied on this product thanks ...
 I love this capo . I 've owned a half dozen capos in my life , and this is my favorite .
 This capo is awesome . It is quick and easy to use , so you do n't have to fiddle around with little parts when you are in the middle of playing . The spring stays strong for a long time , although it will stay strong longer if you do n't store it stuck on anything but let it go back to it 's natural `` resting '' position . I have three of these things so I 'm never without one .
 I originally bought this for my guitar and it worked very well for that , so I tried it out on my 4 string uke and it works just as great . It 's so much better than the elastic capos . So , it 's doing double duty and going strong .
 Do n't buy cheap imitations . This product has a nice firm grip , while its rubber coating protects the instrument from marring and scratching . It squeazes the frets just right , rendering a nice clean sound with no buzzing or muffling .
 I knew what I was buying when I ordered this . I have a blue kyser capo , and the only purpose of buying this one was to match my red guitar . The product itself works great , and the service was good too . It was delivered in a timely fashion , as expected .
 OK so it is my first capo , so what do I know , but it seems to work great for me , and it 's red , what more do you need ? Package also contained some free online resources for beginners so that was great too . I 'm pleased with this purchase .
 I bought it for my daughter to use with her acoustic guitar . It works perfectly and she loves it , plus the red color makes it look cool to her .
 Easy to use capo . Good strength - holds the strings down well . . Not sure that it 's as good as the G7th capo , which I still find is the best for holding the strings down evenly so that they stay in tune , but the Kyser is much cheaper and does a good job .
 Just what I was looking for . The red is a bit more maroon than fire engine red , but it 's of high quality and was a wonderful gift .
 Pro 's
 Sound quality is excellent . Deep and crystal clear . NOTE
 Adding this mic to the inexpensive ATR288W 169.505 mhz for video is near perfect and for under two hundred for the ATR and this it is a score-most others are using the much more expensive lines in the wireless world so these frequencies are okay to use unless in a catering hall with five mobile DJ 's etc but any other application is sweet and cheap but not cheap sounding !
 This item is not a tuner/metronome its just a metronome.So if your looking to buy this item remember its just a metronome . Its a very good one i might add . This is the reason why i kept it very good for practicing . Hey Amazon fix the heading for this product . : - -RRB-
 I got this metronome because I 've been doing some studying on subdivisions of the beat . Most metronomes will do eighth note triplets -LRB- 3 subdivisions per beat -RRB- , and sixteenth notes -LRB- 4 subdivisions per beat -RRB- . It 's not as easy as you think it might be to come across a metronome that divides the beat even further - into pentuplets -LRB- 5 subdivisions per beat -RRB- , sextuplets -LRB- 6 subdivisions per beat -RRB- , septuplets -LRB- 7 subdivisions -RRB- , and on to thirty-second notes -LRB- 8 -RRB- and nonuplets -LRB- 9 -RRB- . This metronome delivers the goods . Now I can tap out 5 , 6 , 7 , and 8 subdivisions with ease . Once you get 5 , 6 , 7 and 8 down you 'll have what you need for all intents and purposes - but know that the same principles apply to subdivisions of 9 or more .
 I bought this for my 10 year old son so he could use it while learning how to drum . It has a lot of functions that he 's not yet needing which hopefully means he 'll be able to advance in his skills without having to buy another one . I like how its easy to set a beat by just double tapping the `` Tap '' button at the rythum speed you want . It calculates the pause time between the first and second tap and sets the tempo accordingly . It also has secondary beats of a faster strike time that you can turn on or off with the 5 slide pods . I bought this product based on other reviews I 've read and am happy with this purchase .
 I used this on stage to keep time . It was a really good crutch for some of the really slow songs which can break even with the smallest increase in speed . There is a jack , so I put it through my in-ears and added it into my mix . I had to adjust the volume to to get a good mix , but it worked pretty good . The only thing I do n't like , is when you turn it off and back on again , it resets the click volumes for all but the triplets , so even if the click volume is off , it still plays until the slider is put up then back down , but I rarely turn it off at a show , so it did n't bother me . I love the tap feature . If a jam breaks out at a certain speed , I can tap the speed in and play at that speed the whole way through . I love it .
 I purchased my Korg a little over a month ago and I am very happy with it . It has been very instrumental in getting my practice sessions much more organized and more productive . There are some down sides to the product that you should be aware of - first and foremost the documentation is very poor quality , for us diligent nerdy types that may not be a problem but if you 're not into reading the manual and I mean really digging into the manual you may find the product frustrating . Also , the backlight is weak making it hard to see the LED in certain lighting . I especially like the training modules they provide for rudiment practice and review . Also , great for practicing to off beat time signatures like 7/4 . I am getting a lot of use out of this tool .
 I 've been nothing but happy with this little metronome . It 's small , very flexible in terms of programming , easy to use , and the built in snare fundamentals have been really helpful .
 This thing is awesome . I 'm amazed this does n't have any other reviews.I love being able to play things backwards and forwards at the drop of a hat . Plus , you can also block the original sound so only the delay repeats can be heard , which makes for some neat , irregular , trippy stuff ... especially when played backwards . Even more , it works reasonably well as a chorus pedal.I recommend combining this with one or more other delay pedals to get some even weirder , jumpier sounds .
 I 'm no musician , so I 'm just blowing away having fun and enjoying the sounds . As for my friend , who knows how to play , I got her one too . Now that sounds great .
 This pedal has incredible features . Five position EQ switch , Low and Hi concentric tone knobs , Level knob , distortion knob , and mix knob for clean-distortion blend . Also dip switches for Humbucker , Single Coil or no bias and a selectable 5 db or 10 db boost for the clean boost button . In the battery compartment there is a push-button switch to enable an additional delay -LRB- medium-longish slap type delay -RRB- . It 's a heavy duty metal enclosure with indicator lights for both the distortion and boost modes . IF this thing had a final stage it would be a complete amp . If you want distortion , you really ca n't go wrong with this pedal . Your sound is in there somewhere , just have to tweak it to coax out the sound you want .
 In my experience , the most problematic link in a stomp-box chain is the overdrive or distortion unit . Despite the plethora of knobs that many offer to dial in that sweet spot , most seem to be ` all or nothing ' affairs . A medium , dynamically responsive overdrive seems to be something of a rarity , despite the enormous pedal market that every company contributes to nearly weekly.Having endured love/hate relationships -LRB- mostly hate -RRB- with a half-dozen of fairly esteemed boxes , I have happily settled on the Wasabi for a number of reasons . First , I like a little guitar with my effect
 These picks are the perfect alternative for ukuleles . It saves your fingers the pain of strumming for long periods of time , and it saves you ears the pain of the high-pitched , plastic sound created by plastic picks . Would definitely reccomend to any ukulele player !
 I ordered a set of these picks because I recently got a Ukulele and wanted to use a pick , but was not a huge fan of the sound coming from a standard plastic pick . I was referred to these picks , and they sound great . They sound much better , and very similar to strumming with your fingers/thumb . I have two of them in a Wedgie pick holder atop my uke , and could n't be happier
 When I got these , I was experimenting , trying something new . I absolutely love these ! although they sort of get ` sanded ' away as I strum my 12-string -LRB- expected from rubber/steal friction -RRB- , the sound of a very quiet fully strummed chord without the typical pick sound has enhanced the emotional effect of my music . I highly suggest these .
 On non-metal strings these picks create a clean and sweet sound . I like them as a change from the softer muted finger picking tones .
 First time for a soft wedgie ... pick that is -LRB- I did have an older brother
 LOVE THEESE PICKS ! I 'm a guitar player so when all of my picks randomly vanished one by one I found theses ! Basically they 're soft and rubber . Sound quality is similar to playing with your fingers but sounds a bit cleaner!P.S . shipping was pretty fast ! -LRB- :
 although I 'm new at this , I can touch , see and use other pics . I bought the soft , medium AND hard pics since I did n't know which ones I would want . I bought them for bass and Ukulele . I also bought the 5mm thick , but I do n't like those too much . What I would like to see is a larger diameter version . I ca n't speak the longevity or useful life . Sorry I ca n't help much more than that .
 This product adds to the sounds the uke makes as you play it . The Wedgie is easy to use and gives a different tone to the strings as you strum . Quick service and excellent quality .
 very comfortable to the touch , and cuts down on the harshness created by guitar picks on ukulele strings like felt picks , without having to be broken in or being as bulky -LRB- for those that would prefer something smaller , although i still prefer a felt pick only because i am used to them -RRB-
 These picks are great for ukulele because unlike generic plastic picks they make much less of a flapping sound against the strings .
 These are the best picks I 've found for the ukulele . Downside - they wear down and leave some rubber residue on the instrument . Upside - easy to wipe off .
 I got this for my uke , to soften the notes-dislike the loud clacking that plastic picks can make . Sounds nice for single notes , but drags on chords , & leaves itty-bitty bits of shaved rubber sticking to your instrument .
 This is a great pick for all those that use picks , but need a softer sound occasionally . Much easier than getting your fingers all tangled up . The only negative is the way they seem to be packed here . They come in three colors and the colors stand for soft , medium , hard . They also come in 3 and 5mm which is the size of the grip thickness -LRB- where you grip the pick . -RRB- The white is soft , the medium grey is medium , and the dark grey is hard . I use the white and medium grey in 3.1 mm and find that easy to adjust too . They are soft and they do wear fairly quickly , but you just keep playing them or do a little cutting to sharpen them back up . You get a nice soft tone and , just like using any other plectrum , you develop a picking style to get various tones -LRB- double bass , acoustic , finger style , etc. . I use the soft picks for a smooth tone , and the medium pick for a deep jazzy sound -LRB- think Motown . -RRB- I never leave home without at least three of each in my gig bag.For a real trip , if you are able to finger pick , try out the Jam Cat pick holder sold here . It is so easy to switch from finger to pick in an instant and it is always there when you need to rock it up a bit .
 These were a gift to my daughter . She said they stick slightly to the strings when she plays her guitar , but then again what do you expect from a product named wedgie .
 I bought these for when I get my new guitar and they seemed like such a comfortable alternative to the common plastic or metal picks . When I tried them on my ukelele I was happy to find that they are just as good and so much softer !
 Rubber picks are awesome . I 'd never even heard of them , but hated the sound of plastic picks on my uke . They 're perfect for the ukulele and I love the sound they give my steel string acoustic - especially when amplified . Added bonus - if you have any stringed instruments without pick guards you 'll never have to worry about scratches ! Love them and may never use plastic again .
 I 'm a beginner on the ukulele , and I bought these picks because I had a hard time gripping felt picks . I 'm so glad I purchased these ; not only are they very easy to hold -LRB- without slipping -RRB- , they create a beautiful sound . The felt picks I 've tried sound sharp and harsh , almost as if you can hear the sound of the pick hitting the string more than the vibration of the string itself . Not so with these picks . The sound they give is much cleaner , much more pure . At first -LRB- like some of the reviewers pointed out -RRB- , I thought these picks grabbed on to the strings a little too much . They do take a little while to get used to , but once you do , you wo n't want to play without them .
 I 've been playing the Uke -LRB- my first stringed instrument -RRB- almost daily now for almost two months and have a repertoire of 17 songs . I do not like the sound of plastic picks on strings , so when I discovered that there was such a thing as rubber picks for the Uke , I jumped on the chance to try them . I must say that I LOVE these little picks ! They have made my Uke sound louder , and it is vastly easier to strum with these picks than with my thumb and/or fingers . I 'm able to strum different patterns EASILY , like never before , & without the annoying sound of picks.These picks are exactly what I needed and wanted to propel my playing to the next level . Musician 's Friend prepared and dispatched my order in a timely manner , and I would not hesitate to order from them again .
 It makes the sound of playing with picks on my ukulele so much softer . The sound is not sharp , but sweet and soft . I hate to play without these using regular picks because of the harsh slapping sound of plastic on string .
 These picks have totally changed the way that I feel about playing guitar . I 've never been a fan of the harsh sound of a plastic pick against my strings ; but I 'm not exactly a gifted fingerstyle player , either . In my opinion , these are the perfect middle ground . They sound awesome , and once you get used to holding them -LRB- they ARE a little different -RRB- , they work wonderfully . If you play as heavy handed as I do , you 'll find that your strings start to eat up the picks , but it 's fully worth the tradeoff for the amazing , natural sound . wI 'm a huge fan .
 For the soft-hearted feel-good guitarists is this soft guitar pick . It is a rubber pick , much thicker than a normal plastic pick , and gives your music a soft , not-so-sharp-and-tinny sound . You will love this . It 's like the damper pedal on the piano .
 I have a small fairly simple lap harp that my 5 year old grandaughter is learning to play . It was quickly obvious that using her fingers was not going to work - much too tender.I purchased a package of these - they are easy and comfortable for both of us to hold and work nicely for our purpose . Our UNTRAINED ears can not tell the difference between fingers and the picks .
 I 've tried about 4 different styles of picks for my uke . Strumming for me is a challenge because w/o a pick I lose my rhythm as my fingers tend to get ahead of the rest of me . This pick not only helps me to keep my fingers focused but it also allows me to play loud too . The rubber wedge offers a cleaner sound and is much more comfortable to hold than any other pick that I have tried . For the price and the fact that you get 3 - how can you go wrong ?!?!?! If you want to use a pick and either are n't pleased with the felt styles you 've used in the past or realize that the guitar pics belong no where near your uke PLEASE order the SOFT WEDGE - Oh if only they came with funky designs then it would be a pinch of perfection !
 As the saying goes , `` you have to start somewhere . '' I am a relative late bloomer to string instruments . My first instrument was an inexpensive soprano uke that I got on our `` once-in-a-lifetime '' trip to Maui and I have had alot of fun with it . I am by no means an expert player , but I sit and come up with funny little songs . I put Martin strings on it and tweaked the hardware and have a decent instrument . I think the ukulele is just hilarious , it 's tiny , it 's tinny , and it brings a smile to my face and others.This Johnson Baritone Ukulele is a decent instrument . I would call it a mid-line uke like the Kala Makala and others . I tried out a few Lanikai out at the local music store , but was n't really blown away . In fact , I liked their competitors ukes a bit better . I liked the finishes , how they felt , their more digestible price , and mainly because they were n't pushed on me by the salesman , which made me suspicious . That experience led me to this Ukulele . I have to say that a baritone uke is easier to play than an electric guitar , but I am really pushing myself to learn both of them simultaneously . The main reason being that chords on either is transferable to both with little modification . My fingers get in a bunch on the electric and that does n't happen at all on the Johnson Baritone . Soundwise , imagine if an classical acoustic guitar and a soprano uke -LRB- or a leggy tenor -RRB- got together and their baby was this ukulele . The higher fret chords sound like a guitar and lower ones like a ukulele . I debated between this one and a guitalele -LRB- Yamaha or other -RRB- and I am glad I made this decision I did . I saved money , I am already enjoying it on day one , it came with a decent carrying case , and it is a good value for someone with more urgent financial demands . In the future if my interest persists , I have my eye on an exotic wood -LRB- I really like zebrawood and purpleheart -RRB- one , or I will get brave and build my own . I have some crazy designs in mind that would have say , a tenor sized uke body and a electric base neck with all sorts of cool embellishments . My musician friend says that some of recent creations look like props from some film about ancient times !
 I ordered this baritone ukulele about 4 weeks ago , and I must say that this instrument is well worth its price . The wood is smooth , the strings are strong , and the overall sound is beyond belief . I play this instrument all the time . I am no professional ... yet , but I will definitely be using the instrument for a good while and hopefully many years to come . I 'm going off to college in a few weeks , and bought this fine object to show the college ladies that I can sing as well as play lol . In fact , I 've already begun to impress a few . Johnson company , I salute you for your ukulele services . All of you who are reading this review , please DO NOT hesitate to buy this Johnson ukulele . If you are hoping to play guitar in the future , like I hope to , then this is the type of ukulele to use in making the transition , since it is tuned exactly like the first four string of a guitar . The ukulele is very easy to learn and you 'll all be serenading your sweet hearts in days . Trust me , you wo n't be disappointed when you buy from this company . I recommend Johnson to everyone who lays eyes on this review . Again , I say , thank you Johnson company !
 No . despite being Michael Johnson , I am not related to the Johnson Guitar Co.The uke is well made , no scratches , visible glue or that sort of thing . The wood is not shiny . The neck is good , being thicker than most so it is nearly as thick as a guitar neck , not as flimsy and prone to bend as most ukes . The tuning machines excellent . The sound is good , the action very good . The strings surprised me by how quickly they stopped stretching . I tuned it last night and it was still in tune -LRB- at least with itself -RRB- this morning on the second day.The only gripe I have on the uke is that the plastic part of the bridge is not wide enough . The first and fourth string are right on the edge of it , and can fall over if you strum too hard or the string stretches . When it arrived I thought the fourth string was too far from the third , but found it had slipped over the edge.The carryine case is fairly shoddy . Only one zipper down the side , no pockets , no straps , only a carrying handle and thinner plastic than the case that came with my cheaper tenor uke .
 I 'm not gon na lie and say that it sounds as good as ukes that cost ten times the price - it 's no Kamaka , for goodness ' sake . But I will say hyperbolous things about it.I 've owned several baritone ukuleles and I can say with confidence that it 's comparable to ukes that cost 3 times the price . It 's probably the loudest laminated-top ukulele I 've ever played.As I see it , you can pay $ 300 for a uke that will look a lot better than this one and * maybe * sound just a tiny bit better -LRB- with mass-produced instruments like these , it 's already a gamble as to how good it will sound -RRB- . You can pay under $ 100 and get a uke that will be of lower quality than this one -LRB- the Makala is a bargain , but this one sounds better -RRB- . I 've had it for 4 years . The worst thing about it is the tuners , which sometimes need to be oiled in order to turn comfortably . But other than that , the neck has stayed strong and never warped , and everything else about it has held up very well , too . I like it so much that I even got the tuners replaced for $ 80 rather than buying a new instrument , because none of the other baritone ukuleles in the store sounded as good as this one . It 's a great bargain and it 's probably the best lower-priced baritone that you 'll find . -LRB- For the record , I 've played Lanikais , heard Kalas and Ohanas , and still own a solid spruce-topped Oscar Schmidt . -RRB-
 I love this ukulele . I got it for Christmas and ca n't put it down . It is very easy to tune . I got a tuner that clips on the head stock and it is a breeze to tune it . Its stays in tune good . I would highly recommend this ukulele .
 I used just a dab of this wax after the `` Restore '' option in the kit . Just a little dab helped remove so many scratches accumulated on my friend 's guitar body that didnt ' have a pickguard . The finish looked dull and old , before I started off , and after i finished off with this wax , most scratches were gone , with only faint lines that indicated that there had been any.Do note that i used only a couple of tiny dabs on the guitar face !! That is brilliant , and I have a whole bottle left ! If i used more , i wonder what would have happened . I used a regular flannel cloth , and did n't use one of the polishing microfiber cloths too , and it does a pretty reasonable job . Make sure you put some elbow grease into this so that your finish looks new , and your guitar looks like it never did before!Five Stars !
 This is a safe and effective guitar wax product ... no need to buy anything more expensive ... Planet Waves does a really good job with offering quality products for good prices ... everything I 've purchased by Planet Waves has been a good value ...
 The wax is white colored , i think its like the flooring wax product , it makes ur guitar shine and of course protect it , after use - kinda shine and clean and i dont know how to say and its kinda like a dried wood feeling.it also needs a little bit power to clean off the wax , and this product is made to be use with other steps of protect from planet waves , and this wax is the step 2 of their guitar protection thing . .
 I use this wax to make my guitar shine . If only my playing shined
 This was a gentle and effective wax . Applied smoothly in circular motions . Then easily wiped off the instrument without a residue .
 Hi MusiciansI would like to take a moment and share with you my thoughts on the rubber picks known as WedgieI have been playing Bass since 1968 and still own the 2nd Bass I bought in 1969 . I have no guitar experience and partly due to that I have never really used a pick . I do occasionally pick one up and fiddle about with it.I saw the Wedgies a few months ago on Amazon and placed all three styles Hard , Medium , Soft in my wish list . I purchased them 3 weeks ago and have rarely put them down while playing , I have a 40 year old Felt pick and it is 40 because I rarely used it and it has always given that nice -LRB- non plastic -RRB- sound.I will tell you that I am very impressed with the sound of Wedgie I am getting ... . particularly from the Hard Wedgie and it seems the best for me and my playing , as I said I have not put them down and I usually play 3-4 hrs a day.I do see the tip of it is getting worn a little bit . But of no concern I am sure it will last a very Very Long Time -LRB- many Months -RRB- I imagine it could get lost before worn out and the price is for 3 of them.I will update it 's useful as the years go by.So if you are looking for a great deal on a great pick this is the choice , Wedgie !!
 I got these picks on a whim , in an attempt to soften the tone a bit with basic chord strums . I was pleased with the sound . No plastic pick sound , just the tone of the strings . A little fat and soft -LRB- obviously -RRB- for individual string picking , but a very nice sound for softer chords . The only drawback is after considerable playing , the rubber does break down and gets into and on to the guitar . Use them sparingly .
 Playing an acoustic ukulele with all nylon strings , I 've preferred just to strum using my fingers because `` traditional '' plastic picks are just too harsh and loud . Even felt picks are too harsh -LRB- not to mention the dust/shedding they do -RRB- . The Wedgie is EXACTLY what I 've been looking for . Harder than my thumb , softer than plastic or felt , the 3.1 mm Hard Rubber Wedgie is the Goldilocks pick ; right in the butter zone.I tried the `` Soft '' and `` Medium '' Wedgies , but both were just too soft . The Soft Wedgie over-grabs the strings and winds up dragging and producing a dull tone . The Medium is better , but is still too dull and the action is a bit too soft.But the Hard Wedgie is the clear winner . I get great volume and tone without the harsh twang of plastic on nylon strings.The only negatives I 've found are :1 . They can leave skid marks on your pick guard . No big deal , as it wipes right off .2 . They break down faster than I 'd like . Of course , that could just be my expectations.Still , if you 're looking a softer-than-plastic pick , this is the one to get . No pick noise , just strings . I could n't be happier .
 These picks have a nice soft warm tone to them . They do n't have that bright , sharp attack like plastic picks do . Nice for Jazz , Blues , and Country/Western , but maybe not hard driving rock/metal . I like the 3.1 mm hard and medium , but prefer the hard pick more . The soft pick is a bit too soft for my liking . They do grab the strings a bit more than plastic picks , but it 's not hard to get used to I think . I just started using them so I do n't know how long they 'll last . It 's a nice alternative to other picks . Nice addition to one 's sound `` palette '' .
 Good picks ! Although I prefer Dunlop picks I have to admit that these picks are very good -- especially for guitarists who just started playing their instrument !
 I decided to get a pack of these to try out , and so far I really like them . The word `` hard '' in the description can be a bit deceiving though . First you need to realize that these things are n't made out of a normal hard rubber , but more of a neoprene type of rubber , so they are lighter and more flimsy then you 'd expect from a harder type of material . But as far as neoprene type material goes I would consider these to be on the harder/denser side of the spectrum . Actually they feel exactly like `` crocs '' -LRB- the shoes -RRB- , which I believe are neoprene . It 's not like using a hard plastic pick however . Hard plastic is far more stiff than these . Then again one of the reasons I like these wedgie picks is that they have a soft enough feel and texture to them that you do n't get the harsh twangy sound you would with a plastic pick . I actually like using these ones in-particular on a bass , though they work fine on an electric as well . If I was going to be playing just electric I 'd opt for a thinner version of this one , or if you 're a bass player you can get even thicker ones than these -LRB- which seem to get a lot of praise from bass players -RRB- . I also like the molded area for the thumb , it feels very nice and comfy to hold.While I do n't have any issue with these at all I know a lot of players talk about having grip issues with picks . While these do n't seem to be as slippery as a plastic pic would be you need to realize that these things are smooth with absolutely no checkering or texture to assist your grip at all . So if you get really sweaty hands or have issues holding onto a regular plastic pick then you are likely to have the same issue . Yes they are easier to hold on to than plastic , but only slightly.I have n't used them that much yet so I ca n't say much as to how well they hold up , but just going by the feel of the material I 'd say your likely to go through these fairly quickly with normal use , which does n't make me feel all that great as they are a bit on the expensive side -LRB- as far as picks go -RRB- . But hey , if it gives you the sound and feel you 're looking for then that 's what really matters , am I right ?
 I am learning the Mandolin and I chose this pick to use . It works very , very , well and produces a very warm and soothing pitch from the Mandolin . Also , a positive benefit from these picks is that they Do Not scratch the sound board of the Mandolin even if you get wild playing , it will do No damage or mar the Mandolin 's finish -LRB- Great sound , easy on the fingers and easy on the finish of the Mandolin -RRB- . Great picks ...
 I use this for my bass guitar , and it produces pretty nice sound when I use it for slow music . I would n't use it for fast music .
 This pick is as the company portrayed it , a pick that has the sound of fingers . It does n't make that clicking that a regular cellulose pick makes so when you need the speed of a pick but you want the sound of fingers , this is the pick to use .
 These picks do exactly as promised - they DO give your guitar an excellent tone with minimal pick noise . However , I used one of these picks -LRB- roughly -RRB- for a few minutes , and it was already wearing down a little bit . I expected that though , since the picks are made of rubber . I still think they are great , and would probably be best suited for bass guitars . These picks are pretty thick and are very ergonomic . They also `` grip '' the strings a lot more than regular `` plastic '' picks . Very cool !
 These were for my son . I bought one pack and he loved them so I bought 5 more . He says they are great .
 I got this for my son to use and he just loves it . Says it is very strong and works great ... Would recommend
 Because of my lack of finger speed , I decided to look for some guitar picks that work as bass picks for my electric SX Ursa 1 . Luckily I found Wedgie picks and I have n't been happier with picks . They claim to have a sound similar to plucking with your fingers . Ca n't argue with them there . They 're made of rubber as you can see in the title , but not of a hardened , almost plastic rubber . It 's like holding a pink eraser shaped like a pick , only with more durability.I am also fond of the concave/convex on the top of the pick . It really does make it easier to grasp while playing . And the point I am most fond of is that it does n't hurt my fingers after a long session of bass/acoustic practice -LRB- Yes , they also work with acoustic guitars very well -RRB- . The only issue I see here is that they do wear down after a little while -LRB- but not rapidly -RRB- . Even if they do give you three picks for a dollar , I hope to see larger quantities in one order available soon . Overall , this was a great purchase selection and I am happy with my Wedgies .
 I use this as a filler item to get free super save shipping . My husband is an avid guitar player , so they always get used . I do n't like that they eventually disintegrate from the friction of the guitar strings , but I expected it , considering the fact that they are made of rubber . That 's the only downside to these things . They give the guitar a nice , warm sound .
 Easy to hold and gives a softer finger style sound . No problem at all with `` sticking '' . I do n't play with any great speed so that 's not an issue . Picking single note accuracy is good . Love the feel .
 I was expecting a much harder rubber so when I opened the package I was n't sure what I had . The rubber kind of grips the strings so fast picking does n't work so well . However , strumming jazz chords is all kinds of wonderful with these babies . A very soft , mellow sound that has a warmth you just ca n't get with regular picks . Another benefit of the soft rubber is how easy it is to hang on to these picks . I do n't think I 've dropped ond yet.These have n't replaced my hard picks , but I find myself keeping one in my pocket all the time and it seems like I play with it at least once every practice session . I 'm glad I have them .
 I bought thisWedgie WRPP31H 3.1 mm Hard Wedgie Rubber Pick , 3 Packfrom Amazon.com out of impulse but well worth it for myKala Makala Soprano Ukulele.I needed an alternative from using my fingers when jamming with my ukulele so I thought about buying a set of picks . I did n't do much research on these picks , but if theres a specific color/hardness you 're looking for , you should search the brand instead since there is a lot more to choose from.The price is INEXPENSIVE with free prime shipping . You get three -LRB- 3 -RRB- picks of the same color -LRB- this one is dark gray , the middle one of the picture -RRB- and it 's hard rubber.The difference between the rubber picks , the plastic pics and your fingers : Fingers - No clicking noises . But sounds are dull while playing.Plastic Picks - Some clicking noises . But sounds are loud while playing.Rubber Picks - Little clicking noises . Sounds loud and almost like fingers are playing.Basically if you 're going to use picks , I would get the rubber ones like these.What more can I say ? These picks are worth it . My ukulele sounds more beautifully while playing with this pick and every string also seems to get hit more evenly than using my just my fingers .
 These are the best rubber picks I 've ever used , and they sound so much better than plastic picks do . They were shipped very quickly and I was able to start playing with them right away . I definitely recommend them !
 I am a beginner ukulele player . Never played any string instrument before either . Although the instruction books advise against using picks , I have tried them with mixed results . These rubber picks eliminate clicking noises that hard plastic picks produce -LSB- the objection to use of picks on nylon strings -RSB- . I ordered the harder Wedgie after reading the reviews of others ... the hard ones do not shed rubber bits or wear excessively . As to playing characteristics , they are easy to hold and help my notes ring out more consistently than plucking bare-fingered , at this very early stage in my learning curve . I recommend them .
 So I 've been teaching myself to play bass for about 4 months now . I thought I 'd give this pick a try because I wanted to see if I could save my fingers from the little pain of plucking . I think this rubber pick is great ! ... BUT , I hate using it . I think it 's only because I 'm not used to using one , but I find it almost kind of awkward to use . I just need to practice more with it , but I already know I prefer using my fingers and not a pick . Overall , I think this pick is great for playing bass because it sounds just like fingers plucking , but I 'm probably not going to use them that often . Thanks goodness they were cheap ! But the quality IS pretty good in my opinion . -LRB- I 've been practicing a lot -LRB- hours at a time -RRB- for the past week , and there 's been no sign of wear and tear and my bass strings do n't have any rubber residue -RRB- .
 Of the two types of rubber picks , one being medium and this one being hard , I preferred the hard rubber . It took less time to get used to it and I loved the mellow sound it gives the strings . I have a Fender Jazz bass and a Beatle bass copy andboth guitars sounded great . With the Beatle bass copy being semi hollow in design , the sound the pic gave was very close to using the fingers to play the bass .
 Right out of the package I loved this pick . It 's nice and thick with a soft rubber texture making it comfortable to hold . I like a nice warm round tone and this is perfect for that . It 's also nice that the rubber grips the strings so it 's less cumbersome . The only downside I could see is that after a lot of shredding you 'll actually wear off the rubber and have to replace these , but it seems worth it to me .
 My daughter loves these for playing bass guitar . They provide a punchy alternative to fingers , while not adding too much attack . Great for rock music .
 This is a very thick pick and so those who like very small ones do not buy . As for sound quality though ; it is by far one of the best picks I have ever used . It really gets rid of that distinct pick sound you get with flimsy picks . It is also quite comfortable , but it does take some getting use to on placement .
 This is a fun pick . I play a lot with my fingers and thumb and thought I 'd give this a try . Its great ! I love the tone of this pick striking strings . I love the way it transmits the feel of the strings . More organic than plastic picks . Yes it might crumble on you if you play too hard . I think if you play as hard with this pick as you would with your thumb you 'll be fine . Its a lot of fun and for such a little price can open your playing to different tones for your instrument . Worth a try .
 These little picks -LRB- they are n't so little , actually ! -RRB- work very well for strumming chords lightly . Very lightly . You should not play heavy riffs on them like I tried . I also tried strumming chords softly and man do these picks sound great ! But after an hour of hard playing , I can notice the rubber wearing down . If you 're an acoustic player , these picks are great for you for the price ! However , if you 're the electric , riff playing player , stick to nylon 's and plastics .
 I 'm hard on strings and these babies really hold up well . Not only are they durable but they sound fantastic . They cost more but they 'll outlast cheaper strings by triple the time . Give 'em a try !
 These strings are great for the acoustic guitar . Beginner & intermediate - more inclined to get these strings . They do n't hurt your fingers as much as the other &#34; cheaper &#34; kinds do .
 great strings - long life and good response . string preference is a complex thing , but I like these and also give then to others as gifts so there can decide for themselves .
 These Elixir Strings were recommended to me by a friend and they keep me coming back . Great tone and long lasting .
 These strings last longer than anything I have used . I like the feel of the coating vs. the gritty nature of other strings . I have several instruments and I do n't have time to change the strings on all of them as often as I would like to .
 Elixir nano webs are my favorite guitar strings . They are very durable . I perform a lot and find I change my guitar less when using this brand . The sound is phenomenal !
 These are the best coated strings I have found . They maintain their brightness and sound much longer than conventional strings . They stay in tune and will endure open tunings and lowered tunings for quite some time .
 Purchased from Brook Mays via Amazon . Great strings and and great value . Retail cost in Australia is about 60 % higher than the Brook Mays price . Delivery was about one week quicker than estimated . Postage cost was very reasonable . I bought 5 sets to offset the moderate postage cost . I 'll certainly buy from this company again .
 Ever since I started buying these I have never gone to any other string . I also finding me recommending them if not harassing my friends to buy them as well . They will change your playing for the better . Better sustain better intonation . I ca tune my guitar about twice as fast now , and I 'm not exaggerating . Also make sure that you keep you strings clean . Even though they are elixirs , they can still gather dirt and grime that adds weight to the string and keeps it from reverberating as well .
 I have a Gibson Jumbo and a Hummingbird . I 've been using the Elixer Phosphor `` custom lights '' on both guitars over the past 6 months and found them to have very good tone and they last for a good 3 to 4 months . I also like the silky feel of the strings - better on the fingertips . Both of my acoustic guitars have the LR Baggs element pick up system and these strings sound great with or without amplification . All things considered , I really like the strings and do n't see myself going back to conventional strings anytime soon .
 These are great sounding guitar strings , with a clear , bright tone . The nanoweb coating helps them keep their tone for a long time .
 elixirs sound great and last longer than any other string I 've tried . they cost twice as much but last 5 times longer .
 I purchased these as part of a birthday present for someone . I heard that they were the best ones that he has used , and that they were better than the `` Polyweb '' ones due to the difference in sound and feel . They feel more like actual acoustic strings in comparison to the Polyweb . He has tried the polyweb and likes them too , but they sound too `` used '' for his liking and likes the fresher sounding nanowebs . So if you ca n't decide which ones to order - order the nanoweb !
 Yes , it 's true that these strings are sturdy . Even after several months of use and moist weather , these strings still ring and sound a bright as when I first installed them . They 're pricey but I expect that their long life will make them more than a bargain in the long run .
 Got these strings to practice barre chords and boy did n't they sound great ! I noticed a significant difference in tone compared to my previous strings . The extra lights are really easy on the fingers and the special coating helps you slide across frets real easily . At first the string kinda gave a slippery feeling , but after a while you get use to it . Overall a great set of strings and is highly recommended !!
 I have been using these strings for about a year . With the Nano coating I get about 3 months of life from them , playing about 40mins a day , before they start sounding flat . Much less string noise when you are sliding to another fret and the phosphor bronze gives you great tone . A little more expensive than regular strings but well worth it ! Cheaper in the long run beacause you have to change the strings less often .
 Simply put ; the best light strings available . Tone , playability , longevity all top notch . Highly recommended for all levels of play .
 These strings are easy to play , and last a looong time , at least twice as long as regular wound strings . Also , that squeak that comes between very chord change with most stings is almost gone .
 Elixir is my favorite brand of strings , thanks to their Nanoweb coating . Not only does it improve the feel of the strings , but it keeps them clean and smooth far longer than any typical set of strings . I do n't like changing strings very often , and I can get a good 3-4 months out of these even with fairly frequent usage -LRB- 1-2 hours a day of playing -RRB- . The acoustic strings feel just as good as the electric strings . They also sound just fine to my ears ; I 'm of the opinion that when someone complains about the sound of strings , it 's often their fingers that deserve most of the blame.I wish they were slightly cheaper , but compared to other strings , the price is n't bad , and they easily last twice as long , so you 're still saving a lot of money in the long run .
 I have a Yamaha APX500 and had a tough time findings the right strings because of the neck size -LRB- smaller than most -RRB- . These strings are easy on the fingers and sound exceptional ! Thank you Amazon !
 I put these on my Fender acoustic and love them . The tone is great and they are easy on my fingers . Last for a few months easily .
 These are the best strings money can buy . They wo n't tear your fingers up if you work the neck and they last 4 times as long . A real no-brainer . Plus the tone is AMAZING .
 Love the feel and sound of these strings compared to others ; however , the price is a bit high . It 's your choice to trade off your wallet for quality strings .
 Good Strings . Quick Shipping . Recommend this seller . I was trying out different strings for my Seagull Folk SWS and I thought I would try these Elixir 10s . They feel pretty good . I mostly fingerpick and needed a smaller gauge string and these fit the bill . I like them and will probably buy more of them .
 I was looking for a durable acoustic guitar strings , because I never feel happy when wearing my old strings , they were rusty quick . One day , I saw Sungha Jung played his guitar using Elixir Strings . I 'd like to try it , so I found and bought Elixir strings in Indonesia , a bit hard because those strings are rare in Indonesia . I bought NANOWEB 80/20 coated bronze . When I 've changed my strings , I felt like playing guitar in heaven . This is amazing , then I 'm looking the PHOSPHOR BRONZE in amazon.com . This is so much better than 80/20 coated bronze . My order delivered only a week after I paid -LRB- 7days -RRB- and it delivered eight days before estimated delivery . I 'll use this strings forever for my acoustic guitar . Elixir is the BEST strings I 've ever used .
 I have owned a quantum 5 bass for 8 years now . The best bass i have played . No dead spots . Never goes out of tune . Highly recommended .
 I play both the violin and piano . Bought this so that I would have the piano accompaniment in case I ever wanted to perform one of the violin pieces . Have found that I like playing these accompaniments on their own too . Some can stand alone as great songs .
 These yellow label strings are perfect for the distinct growling sound Warwick basses are famous for . I 've tried all the Warwick brand strings -LRB- black label , red label -RRB- and these top them all . The nickel plating is much easier on your fingers than stainless steel , and overall I think they make your bass sound much better than stainless steel strings . Put these strings on your Warwick and you will get the perfect sound that you wanted when you bought your Warwick bass .
 Nice item to have for the instrument , it is made solid and will last you for a long time . I recommend this item for your purchase for the instrument .
 Impulse buy at Guitar Center , -LSB- ... -RSB- they were out of basic tuners . This has tons of features I did not need which confused me , but learning . Had to call a friend that is a REAL musician to find out what key I should tune in -LRB- C -RRB- . Guitars tuned up fast with it in auto mode . Directions not really needed -LRB- useless -RRB- if your reading this , unit is very self teaching and it remembers how you used it last time , so you just turn it on and tune . I now know what transposition tuning is thanks to a 5 minute phone call . Or you can read this
 This is an incredibly accurate little tuner . As a long time guitar performer and teacher , I 've used most tuners on the market . This is as good as any I 've ever used at a great price . Having the needle and percentage flat or sharp degrees onscreen means you tune extremely accurate as well as quickly . I only wish it had a backlamp for onstage tuning in dark environments .
 This is a fine tuner for school bands . It responds quickly and accurately !
 I was a little apprehensive trying this one out because of my terrible experience with GPX - CD+G Karaoke System -LRB- JM258 -RRB- that I got from Best Buy . However , it was all put to rest when I turned this machine on . The sound is far superior , and more importantly , the microphone quality is very commendable . This may be too basic for serious karaoke buffs , but for general folks like us and kids this model fits the bill perfectly . I was able to connect my MP3 player to the machine through the provided cable and it works . So , one can get around the limited number of songs available on a CDG if you transfer them to an iPOD or MP3 player . However , you will not be able to get the lyrics on the screen if you do that , that 's the trade-off . We are really enjoying it almost everyday . I wish they had pitch control for the CD as well -LRB- it 's only for playing the cassette -RRB- .
 I bought this for my 7 year old granddaughter for Christmas but , of course , I had to check it out first . So , I 've been playing with it . Not only is it a lot of fun but the sound quality is great . I ordered a second microphone -LRB- a $ 39 microphone on Amazon for only $ 14.99 -RRB- so two kids can sing at one time . The built-in camera feature will be a lot of fun for her - allowing her to watch herself sing and dance on TV . There is a wide range of voice and sound control so it makes even the WORST singer -LRB- ME !! -RRB- sound pretty darn good . Besides the karaoke feature , it plays cassette tapes and you can record yourself singing with a CD - onto a cassette tape and it comes out really well . It 's not too technical or difficult to adjust so that even a 6 or 7 year old can really enjoy it . Although it 's not a kids toy , the quality is outstanding and I highly recommend it especially for adults but also for children who are old enough to understand how to operate it . One NOTE
 I bought the Singing Machine for my 6 year old daughter . She really enjoys it , although she does n't play with it quite as much as I hoped . It is such a big and heavy system , that she ca n't move it around . It stays parked on the living room floor . Still , it works well and everyone in the family has enjoyed a turn with it .
 This product is great for the price . It has a video camera although black and white , very nice feature . The sound is a little low through the microphone but it may just be the microphone . We had a great time using this machine . We bought it for our 8 year old daughter and she plays with it every night .
 It is a fun singing machine for a 10 year-old , but the screen is a bit small and dark . The video camera works fine but the images are also in black and white ... Otherwise , the sound is OK , the features quite awesome . Good value .
 Its a great way to interact with everyone in the family . The karaoke machine it self is great and super cheap price!The one thing is that u might need to buy many karaoke cd 's to have a good selection of songs .
 Very satisfied . Have a daycare and the children just love it !! Easy to use for all ages . Great quality !!
 Fun , Fun ! Having a blast with the machine . The recorder is also a great tool ... let 's you know in the privacy of your own room how awful one sings !!! But that the fun of it !
 This machine was a hit at Christmas for our 10 year old grandson and his 6 and 7 year old sisters . It was fun having an oldfashion sing along !
 This Machine is great !!! My grandchildren have had a wonderful time with it . It is a little complicated to work but the kids work it fine !!! They love it !!! My grandchildren are 7 through 2.5 . They are having the time of their life .
 I got very nervous when I ordered this singing machine in mid-December and it had n't arrived by Dec 20th ... and it was promised before Christmas . Then , I received an e-mail stating that it might not arrive by Christmas . I confirmed the order anyways -- figuring I would just give it as a birthday gift instead -LRB- and secretly vowing never to use Amazon again for important Christmas gifts -RRB- ... and then ... on December 24th at 10am in the morning , the UPS guy is at my front door with the package . Christmas was saved -LRB- I was leaving at noon that day -- so anything delivered later that afternoon would have not mattered -RRB- . My faith in Amazon was restored , and my daughter LOVEs the singing machine .
 I bought this at Christmas time for my then 3.5 year old daughter . She and her best friend LOVE it and so do I ! I also bought the partytime CD to go along with it . It has 16 kid friendly songs . My daughter loves watching herself sing and dance on the TV . The resolution is not LG or anything but we LOVE it !
 I got it for Christmas and my husband and I are have fun with it .
 This is too great of an offer ! It 's a little pricy but its worth it . Try it !
 I purchased this stand for my new acoustic guitar and am very pleased , so far . It is plain looking , but has adjustable supports to accommodate various guitar shapes and , therefore , is quite functional . My guitar is custom-made and has an unusual shape -LRB- Renaissance Guitar -RRB- . This stand supports it very nicely with no wobble and folds up very nicely for easy transport . It is an attractive addition to the guitar and seems solidly built . My only `` complaint '' is that the rosewood option was not available . But I could n't find it anywhere else , either . My general feeling is that this stand is well worth the price .
 Item arrived well packed and ahead of schedule . It is very pretty and is narrow enough to comfortably fit on a 7 year old girl 's shoulder . Unfortunately , the `` c '' in `` Daisy Rock '' is missing . Not a big deal , but , it detracts from being the perfect accessory from Grandpa for my grandaughter 's new pink guitar . This defect was clearly visible in the original factory package .
 Daughter loves this for the colors and as she has the pink Daisy Rock Guitar . It does seem to slip off quite easily ... but we are new to this so maybe it 's just us .
 I bought the guitar/additional padded bag , picks and this strap from you at AMAZON and my granddaughter loved it all ! She plays . . or tried to play it everyday ! Thx .
 I bought this strap to fit a princess guitar I had purchased for 4 year old granddaughter . She was thrilled .
 Great colors , was perfect fuofuo my niece and her purple daisy rock guitar . I liked that on the end it had strings so you can tie it to the headstock because a lot of beginner/student guitars do n't have strap mounts on the bottom of the neck , so this is a great feature . Cant beat the price either . Thanks daisy rock for a great product
 This strap is so cute with the pink guitar I bought my granddaughter for Christmas . The guitar is a bit big so this helps her when she walks around with it .
 I ordered this for a young girl who is receiving a pink guitar for Christmas.It is really well made and good quality . Very happy .
 I recently bought this guitar strap for my little niece 's guitar that we are giving her for her birthday . It 's very cutesie , I think she will love it . I took it out of it 's packaging and inspected it and it seems to be good quality and actually a little bit too good of quality to be used with a toy guitar .
 Bought this as a present for my neighbor 's grand-daughter 's 10th birthday . She had a guitar but no strap . Her thank-you card reads
 This rainbow guitar strap is so cute ! It matches perfect with my daughter 's pink princess guitar . She is 3 and the strap adjusts small enough to fit her and she loves her guitar even more now ! Thank you !
 MY NIECE IS ONLY THREE YEARS OLD , BUT WANTED A GUITAR AND STRAP . THE STRAP IS VERY DURABLE , BUT HER DAD HAD TO TRY AND GET IT INSERTED TO THE GUITAR SINCE IT WAS BIG FOR HER .
 I actually bought this used off a friend for 1/2 of what is listed here . At first I was just wanting a great new distortion pedal , and this one had 2 different options built in!Now , as I play often , but through traveling , I do n't always have an amp to plug to . Yet , I can patch from this preamp straight to a mixing board/sound board for a great `` amped '' live sound . The preamp and tube inside this thing really makes it sound great . You can get awesome distortion and sustain.I highly recommend this - and best part is the two outputs . Ideally , i plug the `` direct to amp '' to the amp and `` direct to mixer '' to ... well you know . that way i have control as does our tech.You wo n't be dissatisfied !
 This is a small box , only 9x9x3 inches , that provides super guitar sound in great variety . It features three channels , clean , crunch and distortion , and each channel can be adjusted individually . There is master adjustment of treble , middle and bass and a master volume , but each channel has a seperate volume and gain adjustment -LRB- not for the clean channel , of course -RRB- . On the back side there is a in-plug for the instument , and two to connect it to a power amp or a mixer/recording station . This is also where you connect it to a home stereo or head phones , to practice without a guitar amp.The box is basically a preamp , that provides a great sound which you can use however you want
 I like this one , but there is no Volume Control nor Start/Stop Button , It 's starts automatically and to stop we need to switch it off .
 This little gadget fits in your ear . It emits a rather loud `` chirp '' that , like all metronomes , can be adjusted to different tempos . I play both the piano and the bagpipes . For piano , this would drive me nuts , because it is chirping right in your ear . However , for piping , it 's wonderful - it 's loud for a reason - so one can hear it over the pipes.The only downside to this teeny metronome is that the buttons for adjusting tempo are quite small , and the `` on-off '' button is almost invisible ! In fact , the first time I used it , I THOUGHT I had turned the thing off , but I had n't , so the battery drained.Overall - it 's just what it says it is - a teeny portable PERSONAL metronome . It 's PERFECT for the serious bagpiper !
 Sure it 's important to tune your guitar , setting guitar intonation is equally important , especially if you want to ROCK & ROLL !! We 're not all gifted with perfect pitch , so most of us need some help to propery tune & intonate our guitar . I had been using a Quick Tune tuner , it worked ok , but my guitars still seemed slightly off , the Quick Tune tuner indication would jump around irratically at times , making it difficult to see what was really going on . While watching a documentary on the building of Les Paul guitars , I noticed this awsome tuner they used , it turned out to be the Korg DTR-2000 . I bought one here on Amazon , it is AWSOME !! it precisely follows the note to allow for precise tuning and intonatation . I also found out that harmonics can cause the note to waver , that was what caused my Quick Tune to read erratically , but was totally obvious on the DTR-2000 . My guitars never sounded better !! You 've got to get one of these !!!!
 I 've been reading the reviews for this product , and I have to say that I 'm extremely surprised at how bad some of them are . I have a lot of old audio tapes with live recordings , and I wanted a way to convert them to digital format , edit the tracks , and possibly clean up some of the sound . Most software that offers these features is pretty expensive . The next cheapest alternative I found was $ 80 . Since I am completely new to this , I was n't sure I wanted to spend that much money . I did n't want my ignorance to get the best of me.I tripped over this product in a store , and purchased it without hesitation . A $ 30 mistake is much easier to swallow than an $ 80 mistake . The one thing I did n't do was read the reviews first , which I usually do . I have to say , I 'm glad I did n't because they may have swayed me , and I ca n't complain.This software does exactly what I want it to do . It allows me to use a line-in to record from my tape deck to my PC . It allows me to easily cut the recording into tracks . This is made easier by the visualization feature . It 's a lot easier to cut tracks when you can see the fluctuations in the volume . It allows me to do some simple sound cleaning . And an added bonus , which I had n't considered , it allows me to record directly from streaming audio . So if a band or someone is playing a live show , I can capture it and enjoy it again . I wish I had this software years ago!For $ 30 , you ca n't beat it !
 I do n't understand all the hate for this product . I admit it has a learning curve . But once you get all the details down it works just grand . This years version also lets you burn on CD/RW disc which makes it even better than last years version that I thought was just as good . The sound reproduction is the best i 've heard . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is the learnig curve . Otherwise im very happy with pyro 2004 .
 The Cakewalk Pyro 2004 offers the usual CD copying , mp3 , WMA and wav ripping , data cd creation , playback , file organizing , ID3 tags , CDDB lookup . However it offers a boatload of useful features not found elsewhere . You can record line-in from the microphone , as well as hook up your stereo . Then clean up hiss , cracks and pops , as well as add Reverb , Delay , Chorus , & other effects with Plasma FXPad . You can work with a waveform , tweak the sound effects , graphically edit crossfades , volume , start & end times , and playback segments until you get it just right before burning to an audio CD . Additionally , you can encode entire mix playlist to one continuous MP3/WAV/WMA , or split audio files graphically into multiple tracks.You can also selectively rip tracks from a CD by preselecting them before ripping . You can easily arrange playlists and then burn them into audio or mp3 , wma CDs.The best feature for me is the ability to record anything playing through your sound card including streaming audio . This is not fully explained in the documentation , but the instructions at their website explain how to set this up . You can either record live , or you can set a schedule timed to start at a particular time , for a particular duration , or end-time . This beats running the output from one computer 's line-out into your line-in . You can convert this WAV file to MP3 or WMA , with a choice of quality for MP3 files.The strongest feature set is the extensive audio editing , enhancement , cleanup , crossfades , and volume leveling controls . This is not found in the other comparable programs . The jukebox feature does not compare to other programs , and is basically consists of playback of playlists . The user interface is not too intuitive , so expect to spend some time with the documentation or to go to the website and newsgroup . For example , to convert audio format , you need to select the files , and then hit a `` More '' button at the top of the pane . There is no `` right-mouse-click '' as you might expect . However all in all , I 'm highly satisfied with this program for the audio capabilities not found elsewhere .
 I almost did n't buy this program based on the negative comments I read here . I run XP and wanted to take my old , out of print vinyls and make CDs from them . I found it to be very good for that . I just record an entire side of an album to a file , split it up into tracks visually by looking/listening to the waveform , and optionally cleaning up , enhancing the sound . I can truncate tracks if I let the record go too long . I found the process to be very easy , and it produced a good quality CD . I also used it to rip MP3s from CD so I could combine a number of audio CDs onto a single data CD -LRB- I just got the Cambridge Soundworks table-top radio CD player , that support MP3s ; love it -RRB- . There were a few small user interface things that I thought could have been better . Like automatically putting my ripped MP3s into a folder hierarchy based on artist and album title . But all in all , I 'm very pleased so far .
 Pyro does an incredible number of things really well . It took me a little while to figure out a few of the interface features , but after I sorted it out , it was really easy to use , as well . You can rip CDs to MP3 , burn CDs , play music , record and edit audio files , and even interface with a portable MP3 player . I ran this under XP and I personally did n't have any trouble with bugs in this software , so I ca n't corroborate the problems some previous reviewers had at all . Perhaps the version I got had bug fixes already applied.The interface is organized into tabs , and the start page gets you started with links to common tasks . It launches you into the appropriate tab of the interface with a little help bar that tells you what to do next . That part works pretty well . The issue I had with the interface is that switching amongst different tasks within the sam etab involves using some little icons . It took me a while to notice these icons , and there was n't a manual to point this out . This meant that the first several times I used Pyro , I kept having to go back to the start screen to do anything different , and it meant that I did n't know about some of the views built into the system . For example , I initially thought that Pyro had the most broken interface ever for listening to an MP3 playlist , because the only view I could find was the waveform view , which organizes tracks left-to-right as waveforms that you can apply effects to . Needless to say , that 's not exactly the most intuitive way to listen to a playlist of songs . After I decciphered the interface , it turned out that there was also a straightforward list view , and it was really easy to switch between the two.As a CD burner , Pyro is very effective . It 's easy to build simple playlists -LRB- once I found the list view ! -RRB- , but you can also build more elaborate DJ mixes in the waveform view . Even if you do n't want to do all that , you can still use useful features like adjusting the audio levels to make sure all your tracks have roughly the same loudness . Personally , I make DJ mixes using Traktor by Native Instruments , which is a powerful tool for live DJing . The problem is that by making one long file of the whole mix , there are n't any track breaks . So the track split feature of Pyro is one of the most useful to me . I can insert track break points , and either burn the resulting mix as a series of tracks , or even save the individual tracks as files -LRB- WAV , MP3 , or WMA -RRB- if I want . Pyro can also make straightforward Data CDs , by building a list of files and folders you want to burn.As a CD ripper , Pyro uses an adjustable , high-quality MP3 filter , so you can get extremely high quality results -LRB- or smaller files , if you prefer -RRB- . It also can rip to WAV or WMA , though I have n't tried this . It was easy to use , and grabbed CD info from CDDB , as you would expect . My only complaint in ripping CDs was that it did n't let me set the filenames like I wanted to . By default it used the track name as the name of the file , and there was an option to prepend the track number . But there was n't an option to include the artist name or album name in the filename , which is a little annoying.I have n't tried to use Pyro with a portable MP3 player . The program includes a link to a webpage that shows which players are compatible with it . If you 're interested , here 's the page
 I dunno what people 's problem is , maybe they are using Windows 98 or something . But for Data back-up and music compilation , it could n't be simpler or more reliable -LRB- so far - it 's been a few months -RRB- . So , what 's the Problem ?
 This item should not miss in your rack . It 's a little sensitive but a great equipment , tune without problem B string -LRB- 5-string basses -RRB- , good and fast response .
 This is perfect for me to extend the antenna further away and high at my location.Thanks for having it available .
 Great for Studio management , but if u try to go to stage with it maybe You ll back with a broken piece , too much plastic 's pieces .
 I 'm NOT a drummer , but I am an engineer . Having put this together and playing it myself , I can say this is a solid instrument - not a toy . Each piece is sturdy . It 's vastly tunable , adjustable , and sounds really good . If you do n't think the heads sound good , you can always replace them - but I do n't think you 'll feel the need .
 Very nice set , not for children over about 9 or 10 years old , small . Made of wood , easy to assemble . Great for beginners .
 We received this guitar well-packaged . FINISH
 Hi , I would give it 5 stars if it wash ' t because the word `` Natural '' in the name is misleading . The color of the guitar is not natural . It 's tinted with a slight orange color . I 've gotten used to it and I like it , but if you are looking for a natural color , this is not your instrument . I 'm glad that Amazon changed the picture recently , because this new picture is a lot closer to the exact color -LRB- the earlier picture make the guitar look kind of yellow -RRB- , I think they would do well by removing the word `` Natural '' too.Now , the most important
 i searched for over 2 weeks for an entry level classical guitar with a solid wood top at a decent price . it has great sound and projection . the finish is beautiful . it comes with d'Addario pro-arte classical guitar strings . nice wide neck so my fat fingers only touch one string at a time . looks even better than all the pictures you see online .
 I had been waiting for a very long time to get this guitar , and after waiting 8 months , all the online guitar stores I had looked at were sold out . So I checked . . and of course , Amazon pulled through for me . It arrived quickly and well packaged , and I could n't be happier with the sound quality of this beautiful instrument .
 Thingy that we got it my 9 years old rushed to put it on here 1/2 violin and she loved it . She is a beginner and she had a dab experience with the last shoulder rest she had -LRB- it was a cheap one -RRB- . But she enjoys playing violin now .
 My daughter 's violin teacher recommend this brand of shoulder rest because they do n't slip ! She was right ! this shoulder rest works perfectly ! would recommend ! Super fast shipment and great seller , might I add ! Love this shoulder rest ! Would definitely recommend !
 My daughter 's violin teacher recomanded it for my 7 years old girl and she said it 's it the right one for everyone.My girl said it very confortable and much better than other one she used use before .
 My daughter has just started violin lessons and was getting a sore collarbone from playing . The Kun Collapsible Junior Shoulder rest fits her violin very nicely and she no longer is uncomfortable while she is playing .
 My daughter has been using this shoulder rest for her violin for over a year now . It has held up just perfectly for her and has worked well for both her 1/2 size violin and now her 3/4 size . She says it is very comfortable too . I like that it easily collapses so that it can fit into her violin case .
 Very nice beginner violin . . Hard to keep in tune but hoping that will change over the course of time . . nice product overall ... very good staff
 Same Kun quality as the full size shoulder rests , this 1/2 -3 / 4 is especially nice because it is collapsible . It is working great for my 7yo who is beginning lessons .
 My daughter loves the collapsible shoulder rest . Her friends have to carry theirs , but hers folds up to fit right in her case . Worth the extra few dollars .
 I was so surprised at this shop 's quick response to my order . I received the package from this shop in 4 days even though I chose the standard shipping . My son got the shoulder pad and my 4 years old daughter got a complimentary pencil and a name tag for the violin . I would like to check this shop first whenever I need to buy violin things .
 This shoulder rest was just what we were looking for . My daughter is a beginner and her teacher recommended this rest . We especially like that it fits in her case .
 Bought this Kun for my daughter . Its easy to use and because its collapsible its perfect for transporting to school . Not a lot of money and way better than piece of sponge that music store provides .
 This popular shoulder rest was a great value . It is the choice of students and advanced players in our area .
 I bought this when my son moved to the 1/2 size violin . I just did n't like the foam pieces . Once set , it 's a breeze to use . Purchased this primarily because it collapses . Very pleased with it .
 Product arrived on time , good packaging . I 'm happy with the transaction ! Thank you !
 This has been the perfect compliment to the 1/2 size violin that my daughter has ; add to the fact that she can continue to use this when she get to 3/4 size ; Her complaints with regards to her collar bone pain has now disappeared and we love the fact that it is adjustable . A great little purchase , I also recommend to use the collapsible rest as it fits neatly into her violin case .
 The unit arrived in good condition and was as promised . The assembly took a few minutes because the instructions were n't great , but it went smoothly enough . The description says that it works for acoustic and electric , but I 'd agree with the other reviews that it gets pretty tight when used for acoustic models . We have it in our dining room to hold the kids 5 guitars so it works well enough for keeping them safe and off the floor . However , they do have to be careful taking them on and off the rack since they do have a tendency to hit each other if you 're not paying attention . It 's a good value for basic use , but if you have expensive guitars or plan on heavy use , there are probably better models if you spend a little more .
 The stand works very well for those looking to conserve space while still having their instruments readily available . It may not be ideally suited for stadium gigs with quick switches but is great for small shows and home use . Set up is fairly easy and once the weight of the instruments is on this stand , it is very stable . The only caveat I would add is that if you also have acoustic guitars , or plan to use this for both electric and acoustic instruments , you many want to get the stand designed for acoustic instruments as this electric version has narrow slots designed for the slimmer bodies of solid body electric guitars.All that said , I 'm very pleased with mine and prefer it to the older , traditional tri-stand models . The padding and design keep my `` babies '' safe and sound .
 After successfully playing the piano for 8 years , it was time to move on to another instrument . What better than another classic
 This was exactly as described and well worth the money ! It arrived on time just as promised !
 This is a excellent product that worked exactly a I needed it to . It 's excellent for a small home recording studio . Easy to use , good sound quality . And it arrived quickly .
 I have been using Jargar strings since the 1970 's . I do not buy all four strings for my instrument that are the same brand or type . Currently I use for my `` G '' string both the `` Silver Sound '' as well as the Chromesteel version . I find that both are very good . Jargar strings have a warmer , more mellow sound than other company 's strings . The `` Silver Sound '' is the slightly more mellow of the two . I have had some problems with surface irregularities with the silver sound version but this seems to have been resolved .
 While this is clearly not an instrument on par with a professional 's guitar costing $ 2000 more , it can easily hold its own with guitars costing twice or even three times as much . If you are just starting to play I would go with something like this over a $ 99 student guitar every time . Even when you decide to move on to a guitar costing thousands , I ca n't see why you would n't keep this one around since it is a good quality instrument.The build quality is very good and mine came without flaws in the finish or other defects . The tone is clear and the guitar will ring cleanly and loudly with bright mids and highs and a decent bass range . I 've had no trouble keeping it in tune.The guitar comes set up and no adjustments are really necessary other than tuning it . The factory set up includes stringing with D'addario mediums which are not bad at all . I still replaced the factory strings after a few months with sets of Ernie Ball slinky and have also used John Pearse . I prefer the guitar set up with the slinkys and a lot of new players might prefer them to the D'addarios as well since they , to my fingers at least , require less force to fret cleanly . I think the Ernie Ball strings also give this guitar a slightly richer tone that it benefits from . Since strings are $ 4-7 a set , just experiment until you find something you like ; you might end up liking the D'addarios since strings are a very personal and subjective choice.It does not come with a case so anyone ordering this guitar should order a hard shell case at the same time to keep it safe ; for example a gator ABS hard case can be had for under $ 100 and will serve just fine . The only other thing you might want to order along with a case is a polishing rag if you do not already have one ; a pre-treated cloth or chamois will keep the finish smooth and extend the life of the strings if used after each playing session .
 My husband and I selected this guitar as a Christmas gift for our left-handed 17-year-old son . My husband was familiar with the Takamine brand and he chose it for the large sound the guitar can make . Before this guitar , our son had restrung my husband 's -LRB- right-handed -RRB- spare backwards to play for several months . He is just a beginner , but doing great ... . already wooing some girls with his new guitar , lol .
 I already had the same right handed guitar for my son but my daughter needed a left handed . It sounds wonderful for the price , holds a tune forever and is really beautiful . In another 2 years I 'll buy another right handed for my 2nd son !
 I 've had a chance to play my new Takamine G340 LH for a few days now , and I am ready to give a review . First , I am just getting back into playing guitar , so I wanted a basic dreadnought capable of a folksy campfire sound . I gambled on the Takamine , and I won ! Honestly , it is beautifully designed and the sound is warm and very nice . I was very hesitant buying a guitar online without playing it or hearing it ; also , there 's relatively little written about this guitar . I rolled the dice at $ 199.00 , and ladies and fellows , you should do the same . This is probably the best priced left-handed starter guitar you will find anywhere . The finish is stunning and the abalone is radiant . There is nothing bad to say about it . You may question yourself , saying , `` Maybe I should spend a little more and get a Yamaha or a Seagull , '' but do n't hesitate . Trust in the Takamine . I promise I do n't work for Takamine , just a happy picker ...
 Overall I am very happy with this guitar . It has very good sound for its price and will be a great guitar for my son to grow into .
 The guitar is pretty good . It came well adjusted and has a really nice sound .
 I 'm a college student . I bought for carring my scores . Not so cheap . . But looks cute and strong . Okay . .
 I found this book good for the beginning banjo player . It explains the different rolls and gives you exercises to practice them with , as well as simple songs to practice them on . Well written and full of good information .
 I ordered this powered mixer for our small church . It replaces a burned out Peavey . This Pyle sounds great and now gives us stereo . The USB capability works great and is very easy to use . We no longer have to make cds with one song on them , we can just use the USB feature . We do n't use condenser mics , but the phantom power capability gives us the option , now . I gave it 4 stars because the fan is a bit louder than I would like . It does n't seem to run hot at all so it seems to be overkill . All in all , it 's great for us , I 'd recommend it .
 Delivered , opened the box , read the brochure and hooked it up . For the price the quality was great . Strong yet clear sound . I would recommend this to others .
 This mixer ... being powered and compact , What more could I ask for ? This is a full sized mixer with complete control ! NOT A TOY !! Bass , Treble , Tone , Volume , Graphic EQ!Tons pact in this small space !! SO happy I bought it !!
 This product is excelent . Very appropiate to be used with laptop or PC systems since has very high impedance and sound is good . Also comes with XLR cable , so you can buy an additional XLR male to male cable if you need to connect the cable to a mixer for example or use an adapter . I also bought the model Shure 8900W and the model C606W is better . I have 3 pieces .
 The only issue is the voice volume is kind of low compard to my old one . So sometimes it created mismatch if I sing Karoke with the background music is loud . But the clarity is definitely better .
 What can I say ? You get what you pay for . I 'd give it 4.5 stars if I could . This is a pretty solid microphone , somewhere near the top of the inexpensive line of mics . I 'm sure if you 're looking for some serious quality and/or recording , you 'll probably want to look elsewhere . I use this one for karaoke and singing while I play guitar , and it 's pretty solid .
 It 's a good Mic . I just had to turn the amplifier about 20 % higher for this mic than my other mics .
 Very nice thing for the price , good for singing , recording instruments and all that you can do with micriphone . Great thing for a DIY indie music .
 I use this microphone in home with my computer system and home entertainment system . It is very good for both of the useage and I like it .
 This is of course not a high end Shure Microphone Product . So , for anyone expecting this to sound like a studio quality mike , then this is not the mike for you . However , this mike does have some very nice features for the price . It comes with an On an Off switch . . it comes with a 1/8 jack for your computer and an 1/4 adapter to use on your amp , or tape recorder . Its sylish and smart looking with a proffesional weight to it . Like any other mike , dont sit on top of your amp while your using it or your gon na get a horriable screaching feedback , or a hum ... I am getting a windscreen think that might help cut down on some feed back , cause I like my amp close at hand . I have not used it on my computer yet but am sure it will do a great job . The Mike 's pickup pattern is such that you do have to have your mouth pretty close to it for it to pick it up . I found turning up the volume with my amp this close only created more feed back . But I finally found a happy medium for which all sounds great . I would buy another one .
 First thing I did as soon as I got this microphone was test it out . It worked better than I expected , to be completely honest . I thought it was going to be just a mediocre microphone . I needed one to use temporarily , so I decided to just buy cheap on on amazon . I 'm sticking with it ! I was planning on getting a more expensive mic along the way , but I really do n't need one anymore . There 's no delay , the sound quality is superb , and it 's perfect for recording . Aside from that , it has a good weight to it and looks very presentable and professional . The cable it came with is great too . It 's long but it does n't get in the way .
 Sound better than my other Radio Shack mic which costed me the same price . This mic sounds even better -LRB- less distortion -RRB- when I use the XLR cable instead of the one that came with it -LRB- XLR on one end and 1/4in on the other end -RRB- .
 Great mic for the money . This will do nicely until i have the money to buy a more profesional studio mic .
 For $ 25 it 's kind of a no-brainer to me . It works pretty well . Sorta quiet , but clear .
 Good buy for the price . Unless you need something special , this lower-priced item should fit most needs .
 This amp/mixer is an exceptional deal ! My band was looking for an affordable combo unit and were resigned to getting a used one when we found this . For less money we were able to get a brand new , far superior unit . It 's so clean and powerful we are actually thinking of using it directly with our instruments and leaving our individual amps at home ! 14 inputs give us a lot of flexibility in this regard . At 600x600 watts it has sufficient power for medium to medium-large clubs or small outdoor events . The instruction manual is terrible but if you 're somewhat familiar with these types of units , it 's pretty standard and easy to figure out . I am somewhat apprehensive about its quality as the first one arrived damaged . It powered on but it was like all the knobs were wired wrong . Some inputs did n't work and we could n't get it to consistently operate so we shipped it back . The second one was great , exactly what we were looking for . I was also suspicious that there was n't a single review of this product to be found anywhere . Normally I research products to the point of distraction before buying them , especially online but nary a review was to be found which is why I 'm taking the time to write one . It was a gamble but so far it seems to have paid off . Granted I 've only used the new one for about three days but so far so good . Hopefully it lasts !
 Its a good powered mixer , plenty of power and easy to use if you know how to use one . Manual lacks .
 Not a bad deal . Sounds great . Plenty of power for my PA -LRB- two horn/15 's and 2 18 &#34; subs -RRB- . On board effects are suitable for live shows . Lots of inputs for a pa/head . Knobs for level control not faders . Pleasantly surprised by this amp so far .
 Great mixer ! Very powerful and plenty of inputs . I wish it had panning on the individual channels . Lighter in weight than expected but solidly built . I will buy other products from Pyle .
 Your ability to use this software may depend on your soundcard . The previous reviewer does not say what card is in his system . I have an earlier version of this product . When first installed , it worked perfectly . Then my card -LRB- Soundblaster Live -RRB- died , and I replaced it with a generic cheap card , at which point Audio Cleaning Lab and various other programs either locked up or otherwise failed to work . I replaced the no-name card with an Audigy and everything works again , including Audio Cleaning Lab . I 'm not trying to sell Creative products , but not all sound cards have truly Soundblaster compliant drivers . Maybe Magix need to test more widely than they do , but when it does work , ACL is very useful .
 At last , an affordable `` Mastering Studio On The PC '' package!My experiences so far have been very good for the most part , being able to clean up old cassette recordings and such from my archives has been a huge blessing . I like the Spectral Cleaning option that , with some practice , allows one to eliminate specific noises -LRB- like clicks , static and other sonic pests -RRB- . For someone new to this whole world of remastering and cleaning up old recordings , this package is a great tool with a lot of great features for the money and the analyzing wizards are useful for newbies . Getting the hang of this package is n't very hard at all and with time becomes progressively easier to fine tune and tweak to your liking.Not absolutely perfect but a darn good deal for the money .
 This is great software for editing albums to CD 's or live recording to CD 's . I have been able to clean the sound on 40 year old albums . Now I have no clicks , pop , s or surface noise . I have also used this product to record my band live and the next day have a CD to sell at our next gig .
 The main problem seems to be the MP3 encoder message for 20 uses . It 's really just Magix getting you to register . Once registered , they send you a code , you paste into the message window and MP3 conversion is now unlimited and there is no extra cost involved -LRB- on reinstall , just do the same -RRB- . Just read the instructions before going ballistics and badmouthing an excellent program . Audio Cleaning Lab is an awesome piece of software . It will capture , clean , edit , and burn flawlessly . Records streams or anything that plays on your system . I 've owned it for 3 years and have never had a hiccup and I use it extensively . I like oldies that are hard to find and not always the best quality streams - this program brings them to life as it does tapes and lps . It 's by far the best of breed , retail or free.I made the mistake of buying Roxio 's EMC9 -LRB- not for audio processing -RRB- . To test it , I recorded a stream of an album not DRM protected -LRB- which I do often -RRB- with EMC . When it was done , the EMC editor would n't open the . wav file it had created , not would Windows MP10 . I pulled the file into Magix , it said there was a file error , went ahead and fixed it , autodetected the 18 tracks perfectly , it played in Media Player . I tried EMC9 again and this time it opened the file , but detected 20 tracks -LRB- 2 in error -RRB- . Magix made it easy to list tracks , broke out and named single files for my library , burned a cd and converted everything to MP3 which will play on anything . It did all this in a very short time.I did find a flaw in the program . It just will not wash my windows or do dishes .
 The product works exactly as described . It 's easy to use , although the instructions could be stated more clearly . All my old vinyls will be on CD in the near future .
 This program does exactly what I need it to do , record from tapes , LP 's and off the internet . I 'm not an expert , so I do n't look to do any sound mixes or very complicated tasks . This version of Audio Cleaning will capture in MP3 , you just have to activate it , there 's no extra fee or anything that you have to pay extra for . There is some confusion on that aspect , but it 's included . You will need a splitter if you are going to record off the internet . You can import these files into Itunes and any other media player program you use , as well as burn CDs from the program itself . It takes practice to get the `` cleaning '' done correctly , but all the features are there and do a great job . I could n't do without it now .
 This is a beautiful and well made classical guitar . I sold one years ago because I normally play a steel sting guitar . I am very pleased with the sound and the electronic on this instrument . I would stand this guitar up to any of the high end classical on the market . It was very affordable . The guitar was also shipped in a timely manner too !!!! Keep up the good work !!!!
 I chose this pickup because of it 's output and eq -LRB- nice highs and mids , eazsy on the lows -RRB- . It 's a neck position super distortion with added clarity and puch . I 'm using it on a Stealth Esquire I made , using split coil option , and it has been great .
 This is a great addition for any piano student . It has an affordable price , and is comfortable to read . I am in the first part of the book , and use it as a skill builder for other pieces . I should add that my copy did not come with a CD , for it was a used edition .
 I 've had one of these for awhile now , and it does the job well . The instrument end of the cable is nice - really does prevent the nasty pops when you plug in . Try it , but you can probably find it cheaper on websites devoted to musical supply . .
 I was very skeptical ordering this product because I bought the Zoom electric processor & was not impressed . However I must say I am totally blown away by how well this unit works out of the box . Most of these processors are packed full of over-done processed sounds that needs lots of tweaking so you do n't sound like you 're playing in outer space . Two days after I got this unit & less than an hour playing & barely having to fiddle around with it I was jamming live in front of 500 people that weekend , and at least 5 of the factory settings were usable without any tweaking at all ! It was like my acoustic guitar , only better , sweeter & more vibrant sounding . Not overdone , not too spacey nor too much reverb , just a little more color & better EQ & sound quality . I got several comments from my band members about how good the acoustic guitar sounded.The unit has some cool modeling features so you can have your guitar sound like the standard Martin D-28 or Gibson dreadnought & others . What I also really like about this unit is it has REVERB , EQ , CHORUS , DELAY , MODELING , PICKUP SELECTION , AND VERY IMPORTANT
 I used this plus an old zoom bass pedal exclusively for all the acoustic & electric guitars on St Vytus ' cd Supercool . I mothballed all my other pedals . I love it & I never even bothered programmimg my own sounds . They should give me an endorsement deal & loads of free stuff . The only drag with multi effects is scrolling through fron A1 to D12
 Man ! this thing does what I needed and more , I can now record decent acoustic tracks of different models without waiting for quiet time and setting up mics . Perfect for an in home low budget studio .
 I never really wanted to do acoustic shows until I started doing one last year . I have an old Takamine , not sure of the series , but it was cheap , that I pulled out to do it with . After seeing the response there was to acoustic performances and the idea of not as much gear to lug around , acoustic solo and duo seemed the best way to go.Since I 'm picky about sound , I was n't real happy with the way the Tak sounded just running through the PA , I 'm primarily a lead player . I tried using an electric multi-effects pedal , which gave some effects but did n't help the tone , as I knew it would not.I did the research and decided that this pedal got the best reviews for the money , and I did n't want to spend $ 600 bucks or more on this deal . I got it , tried it , and it worked right out of the box . Many of the presets are pretty useable , for me anyway . I did n't get right into the manual , but it seems pretty intuitive if you are used to multi-effects processors . It really adds some tone that the Takamine was lacking , seems to add some genuine resonance and clarity and does n't get sucked down with another instrument playing.The effects are clear and simple , designed for acoustic , and some maybe even beyond the scope of acoustic , depending on how much of a `` purist '' you are . To me , if you are plugging an acoustic into anything , you 're not a purist , we all cheat some to get a better sound.It has a nice flange , phase , chorus -LRB- and I never have cared for chorus on electric -RRB- , the tremolo is nice , as is the delay . I have n't explored all of the things it can do , but suspect that it 's not lacking anywhere if I take the time to investigate.The modeling seems good . Not 100 % , but what modeling is ? But it 's pretty nice and makes an old , cheap guitar sound nice.I thought about getting the A2 .1 u which has an expression pedal , which I would only use for volume control , until I found out that it does n't have a minimum setting for the pedal , ex ; the volume either goes all the way up or all the way down , and I like a minimum so I do n't have to think about it . I already have an independent volume pedal with that feature so that was n't necessary . The A2 .1 u does have a USB connectivity that can interface with a computer , but that 's not anything that I need . If that 's something that you want , the you may consider that version , it 's about $ 80 bucks more.What I thought would be a drawback was the output connection . It is a headphones stereo out , which I thought might lost something if running a 1/4 TS plug without splitting , but sounds great . If you want to run true stereo , get a splitter and run into separate channels or two amps . To me , stereo is over rated . Stereo chorus is really the only thing on this that would stand out , and not that much.If you want a great acoustic pedal at a reasonable price , this is the one you want .
 This product does what it 's supposed to do . Be sure to read the manual or you 'll never get the full value . It has a lot features but is complicated to use .
 I use this all the time with my acoustic playing groups . Its good for some effect.I find it helps to play with the effects , the drums and percussion sounds great with a Roland AC-60 ; helps to keep you up to speed with the music you are playing.Very nice , very portable .
 I do a one-man show , mainly at nursing homes . My larger rig has plenty of effects , but I wanted something for a smaller setup . Mainly , as I play an electric guitar , I wanted a quality acoustic simulator and clean chorus , but did n't want to lug around my large GT-6 multieffects pedal for just a couple of effects . This fits the bill in every way - nice and small , but with very high quality effects . I love it .
 Great range of effects , simulations and presets . All my individual effects pedals will be on ebay before the end of the week !
 I bought this for my daughter to use for gigs & recording . It has every acoustic effect you need and is very user friendly . The effects are good , not great , but the price is great . 99 % of people will never hear the difference between the Zoom A2 and a much more expensive processor .
 My son loved this . He is a very good acoustic guitar player and he did not expect this . This put a huge smile on his face .
 The Zoom A2 delivers what it claims . Clean sound with very low noise at a great price . Modelling sounds good but as I do n't own all the guitars it models , I ca n't say it sounds accurate . I bought this unit to go with a LR Baggs X-Bridge mounted on my Strat . I wanted something that would `` mask '' the piezo sound , add some compression and a splash of reverb and this unit does that beautifully . Tuner works very well . 4 stars because the display is inadequate and makes the unit harder to operate than it should be - for example `` 30 '' in the EQ donates 300Hz and it 's quite hard to tell what 's going on.Things it lacks ? Balanced line XLR mono output -LRB- for which I would be happy to pay more -RRB- and separate Left/Mono and Right outputs.I was mystified by the presence of the simple drum machine - if you want to add something useful I would say a looper would make more sense here.If you have a good high end acoustic and / or you want to run long cables you might want to go for the Tech 21 DI , Baggs Para or the Fishman Aura . But if , like me , you are close to your PA -LRB- about 2m in my case -RRB- and want to mask your piezos , this is a killer buy.My postage to South Africa was very low -LRB- $ 17 ! -RRB- and turned out to be Fedex !! - so I got it in only 7 days as opposed to the usual 12 - 16 days -LRB- it would have been less if the weekend had n't gotten in the way too -RRB- Bravo Amazon . Very happy
 I bought the zoom a2 for an upcoming gig where I will be playing my Taylor T5 through a PA for the first time . I was used to playing it through my Roland Cube Street that has reverb and chorus ... I did n't want to have to play without chorus or have to settle for the sound I would get through an unknown PA. . Very confusing when I first took it out of the box but it did n't take long once reading the manual to figure it out . I really only ever use one sound and change the pickup choice to switch from a more acoustic sound to a little more electric . So I got to work on tweaking every parameter
 I love the sound processing on board the zoom A2 acoustic effects pedal . For its price , it is definitely recommended for any acoustic electric guitar .
 i bought the A2 then got a great deal on a G2NU . After a week of playing with both , I decided that I could get my acoustic and electric processing from the G2NU and the G2NU 's bigger display made it easier to program . The A2 is easy enough after you get the hang of it . I returned the A2 after trying it out for about a week . The one feature I may miss is the feedback notch filter but I do n't think my new acoustic duo will get that loud . There are many more good A2 sounds that I 'll have to live without but I mostly just wanted EQ , reverb , delay , and chorus so the G2NU will do that . I really will miss the A2 's `` nylon '' setting . Even though it was n't totally accurate , it was a great change-up sound .
 i just bought the item . it is not as complicated as PS-04 palmtop studio which i had to ` study ' the manual thoroughly . this unit is easy to operate . as a purist i dont like to ` manipulate ' the original sound my yamaha ljx6ca offers . yet / instead i tried it with my telecaster and i think there is no need to have an accoustic guitar when you plug in this ! not thru an amp , only with flat monitors ; it replicates a real-like accoustic sound out of tele surprisingly . since it 's the honeymoon period with it , i gave it 5 stars to start with .
 Great product , have used it a lot and love how easy it is to use and the built in tuner is fast and easy . built tough can be dropped and kicked and still keeps on working . very realistic effects and an ok drum machine , great for keeping time . I would buy more and have bought more Zoom products .
 Es una excelente herramienta si estas en una banda , es como comprar 30 guitarras diferentes , no sabia que mi guitarra podia sonar asi . Excelente compra
 Dunbar 's polypenco bagpipes provide a low-cost alternative to the otherwise very expensive African Blackwood bagpipes . They are very weather resistant and maintenance-free . I have a set that I use as bad weather pipes . They have a very smooth consistant tone and although not as refined or crisp as African Blackwood bagpipes , most non-pipers , and some pipers even , ca n't tell the difference . I recommend these bagpipes as a great starter set , for small children , or for people that do n't want to perform the maintenance on wooden pipes .
 I chose Dunbar polypenco pipes -LRB- P-2 's -RRB- as my very first pipes over a year ago now . They are beautifully finished , and have a fine sound which easily holds it 's own against many traditional wood pipes . On hearing them , many experienced pipers were surprised to find out they were not wood . Because polypenco is so durable , cracks are just about impossible , and there 's little worry over the occasional accidental bumping into things . Living in an area of wide temperature and humidity changes - I 've found these pipes to be reliable under all conditions - -LRB- tempermental reeds aside -RRB- . I would recommend Dunbar Polypencos to anyone , without hesitation .
 I ordered these for my daughter who wanted to learn to play bongos . They are nice drums . I have a friend who owns a music store and he was impressed with the quality verses the price . These are a great starter drum . They are tunable which means that they can be used over and over and tuned when needed . That means they are not a toy . My only problem was the picture at the time I ordered them . The picture showed a set of blue bongo drums with the word signature on top of the pads . I was pretty excited because my daughters favorite color is blue and I knew she would love for the drums to be blue . The description listed the drums as two toned wood . So when the product arrived I received drums that have stripes of light and dark wood and the word hisonic on the drum pad . I was a bit disappointed . They look nice and played well so , I kept them anyway . I am sure she will love them regardless of the color .
 These were a gift . There were black smudge marks on the skin part I had to work at to try get off before wrapping as a gift . The person I bought these for is a well honed drummer , but a bongo beginner and he is having a lot of fun with these ! You can tell by looking at them that they are not a high quality set , but perfect for beginners . He also liked the fact that you are able to tune them . It is what I expected for the price .
 These fit my Gibson beautifully and are both mechanically and aesthetically lovely . However , only after stringing did I discover that they were packed improperly
 This product was not listed as being for my Epiphone Les Paul , but seeing that the dimensions on this Kluson were the same as my stock ugly green tuners I ordered them . FIT LIKE A GLOVE and look 100 times better !
 I bought these tuners to replace some clunky chunky Schallers on a vintage Martin D28 . These are gorgeous , and look identical to the late 1940 's style that was on these guitars . They are easy to install , although because I was replacing another type of tuner , we had to refill some of the old machine holes , but this is no big ordeal for your luthier . The ratio is great and I love the brushed nickel finish - they even bring the guitar into better balance because they are less weighty on the headstock . Previously , I 'd only buy very expensive Waverly tuners for older guitars but am delighted with the performance and very pleased with the bargain on these - and their great vintage look !
 This product 's purpose is to prevent feedback when used with an amplifier - it prevents the sound form the speakers from entering the guitar body , therefore reducing feedback . It is NOT intended to make the guitar `` softer '' . When used for the intended purpose , it works well .
 I am the proud new owner of a Martin OM-42 guitar , and I discovered after a short while , that all the sound hole covers to purchase in Denmark was to big for the sound hole in the guitar . So I tried to buy one and cut slices of the rubber - did n't work . So I tried to `` consult '' the internet and found after a while this product
 These are very nice standard thickness hoops . The 3.0 mm hoops of course are thicker and more rigid but these are on par with most non cast hoops out there .
 I bought this pedal at one of the nationwide retailers . they actually have a little display pad with sample sound clips of the pedal in use . I am really suprised , it does a nice job at adding a `` chorus '' effect to the string . Many little rock ballads from the 80 's used this effect to do intros to song etc. . Just a plain entry level pedal , good for a casual player or beginner , does n't break the bank as well . Standard depth and rate dial adjustments .
 I was suprisingly delighted with the perfomance of this effects pedal . This pedal is extremely easy to use and would be ideal for guitarists who are perhaps not fully experienced with guitar effects products . It performs exceptionally well for top end solos and will give your guitaring experience and extra edge and bring more enjoyment . Overall this pedal is good value for money and sounds great .
 I got this pedal on a whim at one of the nationwide retailers , the actually had a display set up with push button sound clip demos . I must say , it does add a nice bit of distortion to my little set up , almost feel like a true metalhead when its on . Contains basic dials -LRB- level , low , high , gain -RRB- to adjust the amount and type of distortion . It not a top of the line product , but for a casual player , its a fun toy that does n't rob the bank . Great price here on amazon .
 What 's odd is , I did n't buy this for a guitar ; I have a few guitar pedals set to the output of the sound module for my Keytar , and this did n't get what I was going for , but it did a great job nonetheless.Adjustable settings -LRB- speed , depth , volume -RRB- allow for small , swooping Phases or a wiggly vibrato , or anything in between . I do n't know what a guitar player would need this for , but if you get it , good on ` ya .
 My box got a bit squished but thats ok.The 2 small cables are good for effects chains , but the longer one is one i would n't really ` trust ' for much else . They are thin cables , but they do the job . If you only have one cable for your guitar , this package is good as it will provide a long cable to attach to the first effect -LRB- to move away from the amp -RRB- , then enough cables to add 3 effects.Not heavy duty , but they work . 5 stars because they are cheap too !
 They 're not very thick , so they 're light , and are also a really nice quality for the price . I will probably buy more of these in the future when my pedal collection grows . The 1 ft. cables are the perfect length too , not too short -LRB- i.e. able to reach from my pedal to my amp -RRB- and not too long -LRB- i.e. able to go between two pedals without too much bulk cable in between -RRB- .
 Washburn Pedal Cable PackI choose an item by what I see and read as described in Amazon . If what I get is same or close to what I saw and read , I am very satisfied . This pedal cable pack was just that .
 I have bought a couple of packs of these as my pedal collection has grown , and you ca n't beat the value . 2 short cords for between the pedals , and a longer cord to run to amp if needed . You can go to a music store and buy expensive cables , but for a guy just having fun , these get the job done with no loss of sound and at a huge value . definitely worth picking up a pack .
 I bought this after scrolling around E-Bay for guitar parts . Lyon guitars are best for the beginners ; parents buy them for their kids at Target and Best Buy . This model was a special limited run for Musicland / Sam Goody 's which are owned by the same parent company as Best Buy . Musicland/Sam Goody 's were closed in 2006 or 2007 , so this guitar is hard to find . In fact I heard of the Washburn version , but not the Lyon . So , the lowdown . Actually how many teenagers know Scott Ian/Anthrax ? Very well made for a beginner guitar . This is the same design as the Washburn professional models ; light and compact , Scotty being the evil elf . Much better in quality and features than the Benjie Madden/OLP model that was kicking around . I was surprised that the Scott Ian had the `` Anthragram '' inlays , and a cool tribal pinstriping . I like it , some might not . The pickup does have a very strong growl . Simple SINGLE HUMBUCKER PICKUP , volume push/pull knob , I 'm assuming for coil splitting . Neck has medium jumbo frets , slightly rough on the edges . This might be limiting for those who do n't want to play heavy metal . -LRB- NOT ! -RRB- My only complaint , out of the box , this guitar is very dirty . It needed a wipedown . Also you will need a set-up
 I bought this guitar mainly because I wanted to play an light weight instrument , due to a back bone problem I have . Let me tell you that this guitar really rocks ! - The quality , weight , tremolo system , balance correspond to a MUCH MORE expensive guitar . The only thing i recommend is that you change the pickups . . I chose the Seymour Duncan AHB-2 for the bridge ... and just removed the 2 single coils -- Damn ! , the sound of this Seymour D. pickup is just amazing -LRB- I am used to playing EMGs 81 -RRB- . . Try it , and you 'll not come back to EMGs .
 The only headless guitar in this style that is better is the actual American made Steinberger , it 's even better -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- than the lower end Steinberger . It 's solidly built . I have to say though that I bought it when I had a shoulder problem and needed a lighter guitar . This guitar is solid maple body , that 's a hard wood and quite heavy . But the guitar is small so it is lighter than a full size guitar . The 3 toggle switches give this guitar a bevy of sound choices from the quackiness of in-between Strat sound to a full humbucker meaty sound . There 's even a combination that mutes all the pickups -LRB- ? -RRB- . For what I do n't know . The company itself is top shelf . They 've been around a long long time . These people know how to make musical instruments . They are headquartered in Germany . I had lost a part -LRB- the whammy bar -RRB- and I called them -LRB- USA -RRB- to find a replacement . The friendly person on the line actually sent me the part free of charge ! That is service . I left the stock PU 's in but I 'd agree for pros or for a more mature sound to change out the PU 's with your favorite . The EMG Select are low end but they really are n't that bad . It has a nice feel to it and the playability of this guitar is smooth and comfortable . The neck is between the Fender and Gibson shape , a very slight curve but really comfy . The standout is the licensed Steinberger tremolo and bridge . I would suggest doing a little reading up to familiarize yourself to this excellent and innovative bridge setup . Because the body is so small using the whammy -LRB- holding it while playing ala Jeff Beck -RRB- it 's very hard to pick the strings over the PU 's and crazy hard picking close to the bridge and you end up picking over the neck . It 's the nature of the beast . If I want a headless guitar I 'll pick this one over the Steinberger Spirit GT Pro Standard -LRB- same pickup set -RRB- , it 's better . The double ball end strings are easy to find if you search . I have a dozen guitars but this is the one I leave out next to the amps to jam around on . I hope Hohner keeps making these and I 'd recommend buying one of these unique sounding axes.P.S . I rate in the real world which means I do n't overuse 5 star ratings . 5 stars is outstanding , superlative and excellent in every way and my rating of 4 stars is very good to excellent value .
 I 've had some pretty great deals with behringer in the past , but this tops everything . The kx1200 is an incredible value and I recommend it to any keyboardists , vocalists , or other musicians in need of a powerful 120W amp with a broad range of sound . With the inclusion of the tape input , you can have 5 channels going at once and this monster can handle it . It also has an effects path and the handy xlr input if you are a rad singer . Its perfect for smaller venues and rehersals if you really wan na crank it . The price alone , though , was enough to buy me over . You can buy FOUR of these for the price of a fancy 60W fender amp . In conclusion , buy this.P.S . It weighs 52 pounds -LRB- HEAVY -RRB-
 Power Acoustik amplifiers take a lot of abuse , look great , and for the money , there in not better amplifier line . This amp is hooked tri-mode pushing a total of 9 speakers ... not even working hard . Looks wise , it is very appealing , and it is a shame to have to hide it behind my seat . Maybe the only drawback , is the size . Power Acoustik does not attempt to hide anything ... the size of their amps make that really apparant .
 Salutations . First off let me say that i am no proffesional by any stretch of the imagination . With that being said i would like to add that i play for myself and that i like to add effects pedals as often as they become available , delays , distortion , reverb , echos , phase , pitch shift , and others . Playing bass with Jimi Hendrix and Purple haze , 1 , or 2 shifts out of pitch and distorted and out of phase is exhilirating to say the least . Get your self some tab for Disturbed or Static X and rework the bass and you feel that you own the band . All of this i have done with this Lyons guitar by Washburn . The guitar it self is well made as far as i am concerned and carries out low notes with a mellow hum and the higher notes with veracity . The strings supplied are adequate for the interim but i would reccomend changing them out to a set of your choice as soon as the strings become hard to keep in tune , ie
 I have played rock , heavy metal , and 60 's rhythm guitar for for almost 30 years and have always thought I would like to play bass , too . When I finally decided to look for one to purchase , I was naturally looking for the best bass I could find at the cheapest price . I started out looking at a Fender Squire but just about all the reviews I read about it were pretty unfavorable . This Lyon by Washburn bass was about half the price and when I found out it was made in China , I was pretty sure it would be of poorer quality than the Squire . I checked the reviews on the Lyon and much to my surprise they were all near a 9 out of 10 overall , so I decided to take the plunge . When I got the bass , I found that I agreed with the reviews . For a very inexpensive guitar -LRB- less than half the price of the Squire -RRB- it is a great value ! The action is fairly low and there is no problem with buzzing frets . It appears to be very well built . The finish is very shiny . I polished it with Gibson guitar polish just to bring out all the lustre , and there were no hairline scratches when I was finished , so it must be fairly hard . The volume control works smoothly with no static or noise , but I ca n't see where the tone control does much . This may be because I am playing through a Peavey Bandit guitar amp because I do n't have a bass amp yet , and do n't dare to turn the volume up too high because I do n't want to blow out the speaker . At higher volumes I would probably find the tone control has more effect . The machine heads work smoothly and stay in tune . I have played it with and without a pick and can get mellow or punchy lows or highs . Overall I 'm quite impressed with this bass and it will probably be all I need for quite a while . I highly recommend it !!
 I play guitar and wanted a Uke for home and occasional stage gigs . This instrument is Very good quality for the price . The neck seems true , the electronics produce a good quality sound and the finish is excellent . After 10 months of ownership I feel it is exactly what I wanted for home and stage . It is just plain fun to play and generates lots of positive comments .
 This is the most like a wood or gourd guiro you are going to get . I think they actually have a unique sound of their own , though , and I like it . Neither as hard-sounding as a metal guiro or as uneven as some hand-made guiros can sound , these sit nicely in the mix . They can be played hard or soft . The sound can be varied with different sticks -LRB- two provided -RRB- , and you can also provide some variation by manipulating the thumb holes in the back.Indestructible is good ! Drop it , kick it , toss it across the room or into a band equipment box . Nothing hurts it ! I 'm not advocating abusing it , but it 's good to know it can take it !
 It is loud ! It cuts through the mix in a loud combo . This guiro will not crack or break when dropped or crammed into a case/gig bag ... Sounds like plastic , not like a gourd , but the sound is not a bad sound , just different . Recommended .
 hola , recomiendo este producto tiene un gran sonido , y lo compre a un precio moderado , vale la pena , como todo los productos LP . . saludos desde venezuela
 Good Product , Great loud Sound and performance . Very resistant . I recomend it . Came with two sticks , wood and plastic each one .
 This product does its job . It is basically used for certain types of latin music like boleros , danzon , and ballroom latin dancing . in other words , mellow latin music . Now , for more rythm and less melody like the salsa and merengue music , other types of g&uuml;iros are used . this one is good for what it was designed for.It does the job well . and this company knows how to make them with a good sound .
 Easy to use . My wife and just have fun playing it while listening to our favorite music . Fun with the grandkids too .
 I waited to long to get this ... never cheat yourself , treat yourself!I love LP gear ... made well and excellent tone and quality timbre!Highly recommended !!!
 This guiro looks a little cheap up close because it 's plastic , but it is rugged and LOUD . If you need a durable guiro that needs to be heard above a loud band , this is a good choice . Much easier to play than the cheap wooden fish guiros .
 The sound is really good and the rubber on the finger holes really makes it easy to play . This is a great sounding guiro and it works well for beginners to profesionals .
 Excellent product . LP is the best ! It 's fun to play , especially for Salsa , Chachacha , Son Montuno , Bolero ... Got a great deal from amazon . ! Excelente producto ... LP es lo mejor ! Muy divertido para tocar , especialmente para Salsa , Chachacha , Son Montuno , Bolero ... Lo compre por un super precio aqu&iacute; en amazon . & iexcl ; Lo recomiendo !
 i had my doubts about a graphite guitar , but after playing the first chord they were gone . This is a tough guitar and though I do n't recommend kicking it around , it can take a beating and stay in tune , thanks to the fact that graphite does n't warp . The action was too high for my tastes but that was easily remedied . I was surprised at the richness of the tones . It definitely sounds different -LRB- richer -RRB- to those sitting in front of the player than it does to the player him/herself , but it still sounds great . I was also a fan of the Applause and Ovation series and while this is quite different in design , it still shares that `` plastic '' body sounds that reminds me of those guitars in their sharp and unique punch -LRB- I admit I like a lot of treble but the bass and midtones are gorgeous . The onboard electronics are superb , especially the built-in tuner which comes in extremely handy . With the right boxes you can go from playing pure fuzz to totally clean aiethIf you are a traveling musician or just need a workhorse that does n't need to be pampered yet constantly performs , this is it . And the soft case with its gold trim will knock your socks off -- best one I have ever owned , from the wealth of handles , straps , and pockets , to the neck secure strap inside . All in all a beautiful instrument that gives even the best wood guitars a run for their money -- and often wins the race .
 It 's not a bad instrument for the price . Good sound , nice resonance , comfortable , sturdy feel . When it came out of the box one of the screws was out of the resonator and the others need to be tightened down , but nothing was broken or missing . I wish it had came with a change of strings , since I 'm not sure how long this set has been on it , but I guess that 's why it only costs a hundred-fiddy . I 'm a beginner on this instrument -LRB- played electric bass for 6 years -RRB- and I 'm definately pleased with the cost and the actual product .
 I am a first time learner of the banjo so do n't know much about them , butI am pleased with the quality . Did n't get the case at the time of purchase so it was shipped in a cardboard box which got a whole punched init at time of shipping . The banjo had a dent on the back but not bad enough to make me want to go to the trouble of returning it . I recommendthat you request better packing or order the case at the same time .
 Banjo arrived in new condition - nothing broken , I just loosened the strings , set the bridge , tuned it up and started plunking around on it . It 's only the second banjo I 've had , but it sounds great , rings well and frets well.I 'm surprised to get this good of an instrument for such a low price . Granted - I 've never played one of the gold standard banjo 's . For learning or just plunking around , this one is great .
 Great beginner Banjo . I 'm 60 years old and have played guitar on and off since I was 13 . I purchased one just a month ago . This is a great Banjo to start with . I wish my first guitar had this much quality . You will however have to do some setup work on this , which is a little more complex than setting up a guitar . There are several sites on the internet that will guide you through this . If you are unwilling to do that , take it to a music store that deals with banjos , and pay them to do this . Do n't expect this to be ready to play right out of the box-no banjo shipped through the internet will arrive ready to play . You will need to change the strings , center , tighten and adjust the action of the neck , tighten/tune the drum head , place the bridge in the right location-adjust intonation , adjust the tension of the tailpiece , and then bolt the resonator back on . These are all things which all banjo players must learn to do . While researching I found that this is the same banjo that other brand names sell for nearly twice the price . So , save a few bucks now-there 's no need to spend thousands on a banjo to start with , and you might just keep this one for the rest of your life . Do n't forget to buy some metal finger picks , plastic thumb picks -LRB- Nationals are the best -RRB- and also you 'll need a strap-even sitting down , resonator banjos are n't easy to hold .
 When this banjo arrived I had one of my music professors help me set it up and check it out . He said that it was a good quality instrument from a standard brand , but the one that I was sent had a cracked neck , making it unplayable . Understand that this is not a defect of the product itself but a mistake from the company , but do make sure to check out the instrument well before keeping it , making sure that there are no cracks in the fragile wood .
 This is THE banjo every beginner should own ! Quality materials and workmanship usually only found in MUCH higher priced banjos . It only took me twenty minutes , from the time I received the box from the UPS man , until I was strumming the strings . Very easy set-up and tuning . This is a banjo I 'll be playing for years to come .
 I received the banjo very quickly . It had a chip on the bottom . I contacted Amazon and the issued me postage to have it returned . I received the replacement very quickly . I 'm new to banjo but this banjo was recommended to me by a long time banjo player . I had it set up at the local music shop by a professional . I ask his opinion of the banjo . He stated it was a good banjo and I probably would n't find one much better unless I wanted to spend $ 5-800 . It 's easier to play than I thought . Overall , it is a great banjo
 I bought an Oscar Schmidt guitar a few yrs ago & had a good experience so I took a shot that this banjo would also be a good player & I was rewarded for my risk . This is a great sounding instrument , It plays well , & looks really nicely made . The finish is very well done . The aluminum body gives it a clear crisp sound . The cost was very reasonable , the best deal for the money I could find anywhere , & I looked everywhere.The only bad thing is the threaded inserts that allow the thumb screws to hold the resonator bowl on were coming out . It was not a huge deal , I glued & clamped them in which worked well . It is rock solid now . Some of the other screws were not as tight as they should be . You 'll need to tighten the head , & make sure you get the bridge in the right spot . Once you do a little set-up it is an very good banjo . I think you might find any banjo will need to be adjusted even really expensive ones . If you are afraid of tools just take it to someone who knows what they are doing & pay $ 25 to set up it will sound awesome ! You could easily sell this banjo for $ 250-300 or more .
 This banjo sounds and looks real good . Sturdy built and sounds fantastic . This is my first banjo but I think I made the right choice . Great quality at a fair price . It is exacly as pitcured and arrived safe and sound . I would reccomend this banjo to anyone . I really like it .
 I 'm a noobie when it comes to banjo 's but i purchased this as well as the books `` banjos for the ignoramus '' and I have to say they are working great , both the books and the banjo , fast shipping , little assemble required so it was a great purchase
 Maybe I 'm a little biased - I 've never met a banjo that I did n't like . I 've had this banjo for a year and a half and it has been great . Previously , I played guitar and I was looking for something different . Now I play this thing much more than my old guitars . For a while I was dealing with some buzzing from the drone string , but with a little tinkering that has n't been an issue anymore . I have n't had any other problems , including no problem with holding its tune . The instrument looks great and I love the sound . I thought that I 'd give the banjo a try with this one and get an up grade later if it really stuck . So far I do n't have any reason to get anything else .
 We purchased this banjo from Amazon 10 months ago for our 11 year old son who was begging us to take banjo lessons . We figured it would just be a passing thing for him and purchased the least expensive instrument we could find . When it arrived , I immediately saw the `` Made in China '' label and nearly packed it up and shipped it back . But , my son 's instructor said that it was a great instrument for beginners . So far , he was right . For the past 10 months , it has held up to an 11/12 year old boy 's abuse , not fallen apart and still holds its tune . My son practices a minimum of twice a day for at least 1/2 hour each time . He has had zero problems with it . It looks good , is well made and should last him quite a while . There is a noticable difference in tone when compared to the instructor 's $ 4,000 banjo , so it is by no means a professional-grade instrument . But , we did n't pay for a professional instrument either . An excellent value for the money .
 I ordered the banjo for my husband for Christmas . It has a beautiful finish and was easy to tune . I would recommend it to any beginner . Has a great price and is well worth it .
 It was great , arrived in wonderful condition . Everything was as expected . It is my first banjo , and I feel that I can take this one a long way , before needing to upgrade at all . Recommend to anyone , and at this price -LRB- 202 -RRB- , this is amazing .
 I am very new to the banjo . I am pleased with the quality and the sound . Wish me luck in my banjo adventures .
 El aspecto es bastante bueno pero tal vez falta un poco en cuanto a la resonancia ...
 I play a number of stringed instruments and recently wanted to try out the banjo . I found this one and it suited my needs just fine . It was a decent banjo for the price . Nothing fancy , this banjo is for anyone wanting to learn in their free time . This banjo is not for the very serious intermediate player . Only casual beginners .
 Great Banjo ! is very nice for the price . Equals many of the mid level banjos . Fantastic beginner instrument and is very good looking.Great sound !
 I have an old folk style open back banjo that I really cherish . But I also wanted a bluegrass banjo for more volume and brightness of tone . This Oscar Schmidt banjo does a great job . I cant find a flaw any where on it . -LRB- I was expecting a b grade instrument -RRB- So I got a first class banjo at a bottom of the barrel price . Thanks Amazon . And thanks to the folks at Oscar Schmidt .
 First Time banjo Player . This banjo appears to be very nice for the price . No complaints .
 For an entry level banjo at an entry level price , this is a great instrument . The bridge needs to be installed , but it was an easy job , as there are plenty of online sites that tell you how to do it . Sounds great and stays tuned . 30 bracket tone ring creates a loud and crisp sound . I recommend .
 I got this banjo for Christmas and I ca n't stop playing it . If you 're considering learning banjo , do it . I 've learned a little guitar and harmonica , but I never had half the fun that I have with the banjo . I 'm a beginner , but the banjo itself seems excellent . Solid , good sound , and very nice-looking . Out of the box I had to set the bridge -LRB- which had a small crack in it ; my only complaint -RRB- and tighten the head a bit . If you 're new to music , you need to get an electric tuner to tune the banjo and set the bridge in exactly the right spot .
 I haave had this banjo for a few years now and I am pleased . I bought it as a banjo to learn on and figured I would buy a better one if I learned how to play it.I learned but have been so pleased with this that I have not needed to invest in another . Great Banjo .
 ive had mine for months , neck feels really nice , nice ring , very easy to play , i would def pick this over a rogue or another low end company , schmidt has been making banjos for a long time , and the do it very well , great instrument for all ages , find your rhythym in a joe !
 I bought this Banjo and when it arrived I was pleased to see it was quite nice for what I paid for it ... It has a very nice finish and seems to be fitted quite well.I had to get it a case because I have little ones about.I would recomend it to any one looking for a starter banjo ...
 After reading other reviews and feedback , I was expecting something of lesser quality but excited nonetheless . When I pulled it out of the box it smelled like a music store and was sturdy and awesome . I have no banjo experience , and have only taken one guitar lesson when I was about fourteen , but so far , with two weeks of practice in -LRB- teaching myself with Banjos for Dummies and the internet -RRB- I know the basics . This banjo is great quality for the money -LRB- and I have seen it for $ 250 + at other places -RRB- . One day I will be ready to upgrade to $ 500 banjo , but for now this is a great one to learn on .
 I purchased this OB-5 banjo about a year ago . It arrived in good condition without any shipping issues . The 5th string nut snapped off when I started to practice with it , I am deducting one star for that . I took it to a local music shop and they replaced the nut and tuned the head . Since then it has worked good . It stays in tune fairly well . I am not a banjo expert but the quality seems to be good for the price I paid for it . It is a very good looking banjo as well .
 So I have always wanted a banjo . I got this banjo for christmas and I love it ! It 's super loud and well made and was very easy to set up it also stays in tune really well . YAY . Hate tuning my instruments thousands of times over . . Anyway , It 's a beautiful instrument and so much fun to play.Only con is that this sucker is HEAVY ! -LRB- maybe that means it 's well made ? -RRB- I have a strap for it but if I wear it for two long my shoulder will get sore .
 Great sound , easy to setup , holds the tune nicely . I was told by several musician friends that this was an excellent choice for a starter or intermediate banjo . Ordered some books , its time to learn to play the banjo .
 This is a very fine banjo for the money this is the way to go if your a beginner.very easy to set up and play.I would recommend this banjo to anyone wanting to learn the 5 string banjo . good quality sound and craftsmanship.is very good.and a beautiful finish.If you are wanting a good beginners banjo this is the one.R.L.P . okla city , ok
 This banjo is very good for its price . It was shipped without any flaws and is able to maintain its tune without having to continuously adjust the strings . This is a good for any beginner .
 Just got this and very happy so far . Product arrived quickly and was well packaged . As a beginner I looked at a lot of banjos in the local Mom and Pop stores . Much as I would like to support the mom 's and pop 's , I can not afford to pay double to keep them in business . Couple hundred bucks for this banjo is a real bargain . This is a real pretty banjo . Wood is just beautiful and the workmanship looks great . Not a banjo expert , but can not find any cosmetic flaws . Even though it sounds horrible when I play it , the problem is me not the banjo.UPDATE
 30 brackets beautiful inlays nice playability nice resonator very good tuners i prefer planetary tuners but these work great ! mine came with a plastic cover over the head which is rarely found on cheaper banjos the cover is important because it protects the head from damage and keeps the oil from your hands from getting on the head and dirtying it and thus ruining its tone the plastic cover keeps the crisp sound in the head tailpiece is very nice the only complaint i had is that the neck was very loose but that was an easy fix just take off the resonator and tighten the truss rod and that problem is solved i have been playing banjo for about a year and this thing sounds like a deering ! i love it ! its great for the seasoned picker and the beginner i definitely recommend this you wont be sorry !
 Wow what a beautiful banjo , Saw the same one on e-bay for over $ 200.00 , I payed $ 146.00 , such a deal , Now I hope I can learn to play it , I 'm going to give it my best shot . I never played a string insturment , played the trumpet back when I was 10 , I 'm 63 now wish me luck .
 This was a smooth transaction . Product was as described and arrived quickly . This was a gift for my brother and he is enjoying the rich sound .
 This was my first uke , and I found no flaws . I learned how to play quite well with it . Perfect for beginners , also very pretty .
 First off , the look of the instrument is just fantastic . Abalone along the binding is great , wood tone great . Awesome . Glad I got the concert model because my chunky fingers would of struggled even more to do any complicated chords . Over really happy sounds great , fun to play . . play it more that my acoustic guitar . The only thing that I would of loved more is if it spit out money and poured beer out of the headstock . But hey cant get it all right . . Action wise the thing is pretty good , I was actually suprised , probably could get it better by filing down the bridge but I 'm not a pro and I 'm not going to risk messing it up .
 My daughter and I bought this for my husband for Father 's Day . He LOVES it ! He plays guitar and was able to pick up the Uke and play a few tunes in an hour . Honestly , this one is probably nicer than he needs for playing around ever couple of days . However , this model is much more beautiful than any of the others , and I 'm glad I got it for him . The only trouble he 's had is keeping it in tune , but I 've heard that 's normal with any new instrument . Highly recommended !
 This is a second Oscar Schmidt OU5 Concert ukulele I am giving as a gift . It is beautiful and sounds great . One string was buzzing on the first ukulele but the buzzing went away after a while ; the second one seems to have no problems at all.I bought it together with Kala Concert Ukulele Gig Bag and it fits perfectly .
 Well made Ukulele I purchased as a starter after visiting the Fijian Islands and hearing Uke music every night . I already have a musical background so picking it up has been pretty easy . I 'm having a lot of fun and though it took a couple of nights to stretch the strings , it has kept its tuning between playings pretty well . It has a really nice finish , too .
 When I decided on the Oscar Schmidt OU5 Concert Koa Ukulele , my only apprehension was the distance the order had to travel - I live in Canberra , Australia . My order , placed through Springdale Music in Chardon , Ohio -LRB- via Amazon -RRB- , arrived well within its estimated delivery time . Although the outer packaging sustained some damage -LRB- as I had worried it would -RRB- , I was relieved to find the ukulele survived unscathed . The order was definitely well packaged . The OU5 was in its own separate box surrounded by air pillows within another larger box . Springdale Music has certainly put in the extra effort to ensure the ukulele would survive the long journey . THIS SHOULD BE AN IMPORTANT CONSIDERATION FOR OVERSEAS BUYERS . I am a very happy customer , to say the least . The OU5 is exceptionally beautiful and well-made . It has an antiqued old world charm about it . When I first read that the OU5 is made in Indonesia , I took comfort from the fact that good Indonesian craftsmen - if Oscar Schmidt were to use them - can be very good indeed . Highly recommended item and seller .
 The online pictures here are a little bit deceiving ; the actual ukulele is even more beautiful ! . We bought this for my teenage son who loves playing guitar and is trying to learn anything with strings and he loves it . Not only is the Koa wood finish beautiful but it has mother of pearl trim all around which we did n't realize and is absolutely stunning . It has a great sound - not cheap or toy-like . Very highly recommended .
 Looked at several ukes . Found this and it appeared to be of good quality and value . It was advertised and said the purchase included a hard case for the instrument . The package was a box in a box . Took out the uke shaped box and that was all that was contained in the outer box . I assume Amazon considered the cardboard uke shape box to be a hard case?The uke is beautiful and seems to be of good quality . It plays beautifully and has great sound . Other than the lack of a hard case as advertised , I am pleased with my purchase .
 This is a great concert ukulele and I recommend it to anyone who wants to learn how to play the uke . Do n't waste your money on a little cheap piece of junk -- get this beautiful Oscar Schmidt ! The tones produced by this instrument are quite pleasing . In addition , it is well-constructed . While you are learning chords and strumming techniques and you 're not very good , you 'll still get compliments because you have such a pretty ukulele .
 I bought my husband this uke for Christmas ,2006 , and he absolutely LOVES it ! The abalone inlay around the edge is very attractive . He did have to keep retuning it every so often , as the strings stretched , but now it 's just fine . He just has to `` tweek it '' once in a while.I had looked at a simalar uke at our local guitar center , but they wanted $ 149 and that was without the abalone inlay . My husband and I both agree it was a `` super buy ' !
 I am an avid ukulele player and this uke is one of my favorites . I own a Kala solid spruce uke and it cost 200 dollars more than this did.The intonation and the projection on this uke matches my style in playing , which is soft and smooth . Even though this is not a solid woodinstrument it plays like one . Very nicely made and the design on the woodwork is flattering to say the least . Love this ukulele and recommendsit to beginners and professionals alike . You 'll never need another one unless you want a bigger ukulele.Note
 I received this as a Christmas present a few years ago - one of the best Christmases I 've ever had . Even after purchasing several ukes since then , this is EASILY one of my favorites . The price on this ukulele might raise some eyebrows , but the OU5 DOES hold its own when compared with ukes that cost $ 200 more.First of all , the aesthetics of this uke are absolutely incredible - I 'm constantly complimented on this instrument . The wood is stunning , the abalone inlays around the edges and soundhole are gorgeous , and it 's very well put together . No shoddy construction work to speak of . Mine was ordered online ... not something I usually care to do , as I prefer researching online and then going into a local music store to buy in person . Fortunately , I received it along with the Oscar Schmidt Brown Leather Concert Ukulele Case -LRB- which is equally amazing -RRB- without any damages , flaws , or imperfections.Like I said before , I own other ukes that cost way more than this one , and generally I 'm a firm believer in the whole ` you get what you pay for ' mantra , but this IS an exception . This is my go-to ukulele . It 's sound is excellent for an instrument in this price range , and the action along the fretboard makes it extremely hard to put down.I DID have a luthier sand the nut down after two years or so of playing it because the top frets were buzzing a little , but now its perfect . That may or not have something to do with the fact that I live in central Florida , where one can steam vegetables out in the open air during the summer months.In conclusion , if you 've been looking for a high-quality concert ukulele with great looks and sound , grab this one . You wo n't be sorry .
 I wanted to wait to review this product to see how well it held up . I 've had it for a year now and it looks exactly the same as the day I bought it and that 's not because of under use . I bought this uke last summer when I decided I wanted to learn how to play . True it 's a pretty expensive investment when you 're not entirely sure how far you 're going to go , but I was positive that I was going to learn . It 's a beautiful uke and has served me well . It arrived on time and in perfect condition . Since beginning my ukulele obsession I 've met several travelling uke players who have exclaimed how nice this product is . Needless to say , it 's one of the best purchases I 've made in a long time .
 Given the price reduction , I had a bit of the nerves when I ordered this instrument . I 'm used to selecting instruments in a `` real '' store , so I can have a bit of a chance to examine the thing and play it a bit before I make my purchase . When the package arrived , I eagerly opened it and was very happy with what I saw . This is a beautiful little uke ! The Koa wood is a knock out ! The `` ab '' inlay is pretty cool , too . It plays well , with decent action , but if you are used to playing guitar and are shifting to a uke for the first time , you 'll have a bit of work to get used to cramming your big old fingers into a bit of smaller space on the fretboard than you are used to.Some basic things to understand if this is your first uke . First , you 've made a good choice . Buying a decent instrument is a good step for a beginner . Second , like all nylon stringed instruments , you 'll need to tune the instrument quite often as the strings have to stretch out a bit , but it 's a good practice to tune up repeatedly as you practice anyway . Buy a decent but cheap uke tuner and you 'll be able to quickly tune up with no problem . You 'll want a case or at least a gig bag when you see how great looking this thing is , so best buy that at the same time or you 'll be losing a bit of sleep worrying about your dog , kid , wife or whatever banging this around when you are not looking.The instrument projects sound well . Start out with some simple three chord songs at first and work your way up to something more difficult . There are plenty of free uke related sites that have a wide variety of songs online that you can learn.Back to the OU5 Concert Koa Ukulele . You 'll like it . Do n't mess with a 40 dollar instrument , you 'll just be disappointed . For about 200 you can land this uke , a case and a tuner . Perfect for sitting on the porch on a summer eve and figuring out how to jam out a cool rocker on a nylon instrument .
 This was my first ukulele . . actually , it was my first instrument . It was very easy to learn and from there I learned how to play guitar . It is easy to tune and it has a beautiful sound . The aspect I like most about it is the looks of it though - it had a really nice finish and style . I recommend it to anyone who 's looking into ukulele 's on this site !
 i bought this ukulele several months ago . i had been using a cheap one that i bought at a tiki shop . then , i started taking a ukulele class . i needed something better . it feels wonderful and is sounding better all the time . this ukulele has great sustain . i 'm a beginner , and i highly recommend this ukulele to anyone , at any level . it 's beautifully crafted . it makes me very happy . aloha !
 I 've owned the Concert Koa for about 6 months & am quite happy with my choice . The construction and finish are fantastic . Tone is great even though I 've read reviews saying that a laminate 's sound is n't as good as a solid wood ukulele . Recently I started a group ukulele class and I can truthfully state that mine sounds better than some of the more expensive ones in the class . An excellent buy for $ 120 .
 I used to play the uke years ago but lost interest when my old uke -LRB- a cheap model -RRB- literally fell apart due to the heat in Florida . I started missing my uke playing and went online to find a well-made model that would n't put me out hundreds of dollars . I took a chance on this one and I am very pleased that I did . This looks great , feels solid , and sounds as good as I can imagine a uke could sound . I know that there are pros out there that claim that more expensive woods give you a better sound , but I am not a pro and I no more need a $ 2,000 ukulele than an average violin player needs a Stradivarius . I want to have fun , have an instrument that sounds the way a good uke should sound , and feel that I have a well-made instrument . That 's what this is . Do not hesitate about this instrument . It comes with aquila strings on it -LRB- the ONLY ukue strings you should bother with -RRB- . You 'll need a uke tuner , a gig case -LRB- a soft , padded one will do fine -RRB- , and the Daily Ukulele songbook -LRB- for 365 songs -RRB- to get going.Ukes are supposed to be fun , friendly , unintimidating instruments . Spending hundreds -LRB- or thousands -RRB- of dollars makes it all seem too , too serious . Get this .
 I 've played Martins , Kalas , and Schmidts . The Oscar Schmidt is by far the best instrument for the money , Aquila strings and Grover tuners are a big deal - these alone make the instrument well worth the sub $ 150 price tag . The Aquilas take a while to settle in , but after the first week of playing and retuning , they 'll start to stabilize and become tonally rich . The fit and finish on the instrument is quite nice - which does n't matter unless you are in it for show and not tonal quality . While many players are Martin-obsessed , which is understandable , the lower end Martins with friction tuners and Martin strings are much more challenging to tune and keep in tune , with a sound that is not nearly as full as the Schmidt instruments .
 I 've been able to play chords that I was unable to do on other instruments . The cd has been very helpful and the instructions by the instructor are first class.ed
 My brother has played the guitar since his teenage years . Now days he 's more of a super-dad then a rockstar ... but that gave me the idea of getting him this ukulele . I wanted to find him a gift that he could use that will allow him to enjoy himself while entertaining the kids , and a uke fit the bill . I was looking for something that held tune , looked great , and had a good build . He could n't be happier . Every time I visit he has new singalongs up his sleeve ... hah .
 It feels great , looks great , and plays even better . I do n't have a hard case for this , but after some use , the pearl-esque inlay on the side neck of the fret started splintering off . Does n't affect the sound , but I know the spot is there ...
 This was a Christmas gift several years ago from my husband after I expressed interest in learning to play the uke . It is a beautifully crafted instrument with a lovely abalone inlay around the body . I know it should n't make a difference how great it looks , but there is somehow a pride in playing an instrument that looks great.More importantly , it sounds great ! I have n't experienced the problem with the strings falling out of tune ; in fact , I 've been impressed at how well it stays in tune . I have been attending a uke group for about six months that has given me the opportunity to listen to a lot of instruments , many of which are much pricier . However I have yet to hear a uke that has better tone . The OU5 has a beautiful quality to its sound that ca n't be duplicated for anywhere near the money.I could n't be happier with it , doubt I 'll find a uke I 'll like better .
 Ok so I 've only had this for two days -LRB- I know , I usually hate these reviews too but I 'm just throwing in my 2cents -RRB- but I will say that it sounds great , with a prominent presence in the lower frequency range . Definitely NOT as high-pitched as your standard ukulele . The construction is solid , no obvious problems with the frets or tuners or neck . One thing that I noticed right away is the string 's boundary condition on the bottom -LRB- opposite the tuners -RRB- . The strings are tied off and then are run over a raised bar of plastic with no notches or anything to keep them from vibrating . Up by the neck , however , there are notches to hold the strings in place . This is n't much of a problem once you actually tune it , there 's more force holding the strings down . Regardless , once in a while when I strum it , I hear a noise as if the strings are bouncing on the plastic bar . Not sure where that sound is coming from ... Definitely needs to be re-tuned constantly , but maybe the strings and neck/body need to stop moving from the new tension , another review said this could take up to 2 weeks . In the end , nice solid wood with shiny varnish , great sound with plenty of body down into the lower frequency regime , easy to handle and plays fine.UPDATE -LRB- 8/7/11 -RRB- : So , after practicing a bunch on/off for since I got it last christmas , I 'll say it sounds pretty good , everything I would want out of a beginner instrument . Not to say it sounds bad , it 's more than enough to satisfy you up until you can play `` while my ukulele gently weeps '' . Three key points :1 -RRB- The vibrating sound I mentioned above was just me not pressing hard enough on the strings against the fret bar . Also , you have to be careful so that your finger does n't bump against other strings on the fret bar , same problem happens .2 -RRB- The tuners . sigh . they work and hold tune pretty well . However , they do this hysteresis business where they go through loose region then a very responsive region as they are turned . Then going backwards does n't trace back perfectly , and there 's a little lag .3 -RRB- Holding tune . Despite the less-than-satisfying tuners , the uke will hold tune to within 5 Hz after about an hour of practice and a night in the case . This is after a break-inn period of about of week of daily hour sessions.So there you have it ! a great uke for the price that has plenty of quality for the beginner.FYI , I talked to one local store that sells ukes and whatnot , and they said that if you 're serious about learning to play ukulele then you should spend at least $ 250 ... we 'll leave that to the people that make over $ 100k .
 I bought this ukulele for my daughter as a birthday gift . The item came in on the day of her birthday . Good timing . I opened the box because I was excited to see it . It was more beautiful than I would have imagined.My daughter was very excited to receive the ukulele . She too was amazed how beautiful it was and how nice it sounded . She has learned quite a lot since receiving it.I would do business with the seller again . The item was packaged nicely and I received it as promised . Well done .
 My Uku does not look like the one pictured . It has more details . It sounds great , its easy to hold , it was easy to tune , it keeps the tuning and yes it sounds great !
 This is a much better sounding instrument than I expected for the price . It keeps going flat but I 've been told that 's just the nature of nylon stringed instruments until the strings stretch out completely . My previous experience is all with steel stringed guitars .
 A very good roduct for a cheap money ! This is a very good ukulele for starters and also more advanced players.I will recomend also to buy the Ukulele tuner when purchasing a uke , itvhas a tendensy to get out of tune especially when itvis new . The $ 19 it cost for a tuner is worthwhile .
 This thing is sweet looks amazing for how cheap it is . I would pick this up for a starter , I will keep this thing forever . I plan to upgrade to a solid wood ukulele soon , but need to be more comfortable with the instrument first . I absolutely love the ukulele and sounds good with some harmonica and bongo 's when I mix them together . Through recordings of course . I wish it was possible to be a one man band lol .
 I love this ukulele , it 's just a beautiful instrument , and so much fun to play . I have nothing bad to say about it . And it arrived in like 3 days , which was a surprise . If you 're looking for a very reasonable price for a starter ukulele , look no further .
 Two years ago I bought my first ukulele -- an inexpensive Lanikai LU-11 . I had played guitar for decades , and wanted to see how I would respond to a ukulele . I was hooked . Over the past two years , I have rarely picked up my guitar . After about a year , I decided to upgrade . After shopping around , I decided on the OU5.This is a beautiful looking instrument and it sounds great . For the money , you wo n't find a better ukulele . Best purchase I 've ever made ! VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
 The instument is well made has a very good finsh plays well and in conparison with similar ukulele , s of this quality is exseptional value for money five stars
 I am not a musician and this is my first instrument . I figured out how to strum along with You Are My Sunshine within 2 days . The delivery was under a week and the finish and craftsmanship are impressive . On close inspection I noticed a couple places where the gloss finish is a bit dull and another spot with a slight groove , but overall , beautiful . Does need retuning 2 or 3 times a day , but using an online tuner works well and helps me practice tuning . I 've read that this will get better . I 'm not sure if it is a good thing or a bad thing , but the tip of my left index finger is a bit numb after only 2 days . Hopefully that will get better too . The Oscar Schmidt Concert Koa is a real beauty and I am really pleased with the purchase .
 I received my ukulele yesterday , and I am so far very pleased with it . It is my first uke , so I do n't really have anything to compare it to , but it has a very good sound and looks great . It is also very easy to play compared to a guitar . In one night I already learned a few songs . Many of the other reviewers have already touched on this , but because of the nature of nylon strings , the intrument goes out of tune very quickly . This is really not a big deal . I have an electric tuner for my guitar , so I just used that every few mintues to check the tuning . As other reviewers have said , this problem should subside once the strings get stretched out properly with use .
 This is extremely cute . And sounds very good too.I spent 30 dollars on a cheap mahalo soprano uke to try out . Now i made the jump and im impressed by the difference.One of the things i didnt like about the cheap uke was that the notes you produce wasnt perfect when calibrated with digital tuner . This one doesnt have that problem.It comes with black strings . When i tune them , they only hold the notes for few hours , then it goes like 1 semitone lower . Good thing is all strings lower almost the same so it doesnt feel that out of tune . Im told it is natural when you have new strings.Edit
 This is an extremely beautiful instrument . For the price the wood finish and mother of pearl inlay is exceptional . The action is ok , and the sound fine , but I have to say my lanikai lu21 has a better tone for less price and a slightly better action . If you want a lovely and perfectly fine sounding instrument the ou5 is a great choice , if you want great sound for lowest price go with a lanikai.I bought this with the uc3 case . This is an extraordinary case - 5 stars + , I 'd never get anything different .
 After some research , I elected to go with this uke . I 've had it now for about 10 days and really love to pick it up in the evenings when I get in from work .
 Look this up on oscar schmidt website , the suggested retail is 350 . Its definitely worth $ 250 . Is this mispriced?The tuners , abalone inlay , and finish alone are worth $ 100 on any instrument . Whatever you planned on getting as a beginner or intermediate uke , abort mission and switch to this one .
 A pretty , solid instrument that comes with good strings and stays in tune . My daughter -LRB- 9 -RRB- loves to play it . Got the case too , since it is worth protecting .
 This is a nice instrument at the $ 120 price point . It has a nice glossy finish , and the abalone inlay at the binding and rosette is a nice touch . The top is not solid . The koa veneer pops in certain light . The tuners are smooth , and the action and setup out of the box is nice.The sound is nice and bright , sweet even . The intonation is pretty good it goes a tad sharp up the fretboard , but not enough to notice when strumming chords near the nut . A professional set-up may take care of this by lowering the action just a bit -LRB- this could be at the expense of playing loudly -RRB- . There are no dead notes , or buzzes . I am sure a solid soundboard would make this sound even sweeter , but that is only found a higher price point.Overall I am very pleased with my ukulele , and I would purchase this model again .
 That is my third ukulele . Now I have two sopranos and one baritone . The OU5 concert have a great sound . I love it . I keep my other soprano for my twins , they know that 's a real instrument and not a toy .
 Love this instrument ! Perfect for what I was looking for in a preschool situation , I strum and the children sing , ideal ... For all of you having a hard time with the tuning ... just tighten your pegs a little with a small phillips , and it holds its tune beautifully . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 I bought my first beginner ukulele only six months ago , but enjoyed enough that I decided to move up from the toy class to something a little better . The OU5 was on sale at under a hundred dollars , but I have to say that the leap in quality and sound far outweighed the $ 70 price difference between this and my first ukulele . Like others who have rated Oscar Schmidt products , I have been impressed by the beautiful finish of this instrument , but it 's the improved action and sound quality that totally won me over . Go ahead and buy your $ 20 Rogue instrument to see if you like the ukulele , but when you 're ready to step up to the next level -LRB- but perhaps are n't ready to shell out $ 250 -RRB- , this is a solid stepping stone . I 'm really happy with this instrument . Keep your really cheap one to take to the beach , though . You 'll like this one enough that you wo n't want someone grinding sand into the finish or spilling beer on it .
 One night I 'm watching Joe Versus the Volcano ... and Joe is afloat on his steamer trunks playing the Cowboy Song on his ukulele ... and it hits me
 I have been playing guitar for almost 5 years and to be quite honesty , I 'm still not as great as Carlos Santana or Slash . I 'm just pretty much an average player . When I wanted to learn how to play the ukulele , I was skeptical on which brand/type I should get . After three months of debating , I finally wised up and bought this one . It looked like the one I borrowed from a friend and the brand name sounded familiar to my ears . After much anticipation for four days , it finally arrived and it is an incredible ukulele . I could n't be more satisfied with it ! The frets are placed perfectly for someone that 's familiar with playing the guitar , not to mention someone that 's beginning , it 's easier to place your fingers when you can see them -LRB- the soprano ukulele is really small compared to this concert size -RRB- . Overall I love my uke . I suggest getting this if you know how to play guitar already .
 I can hardly be considered a musician and playing the ukulele is only a pastime involving some enjoyable minutes of strumming through a few cords , but I must say a few words about the Washburn -LRB- Oscar Schmidt -RRB- OU-5 ukulele I just bought from Amazon.com.My previous ukulele was a nice low end soprano box that served me well for several years . It looked OK , it stayed in tune and sounded fine to me . However , I wanted something a bit better and the concert sized OU-5 caught my eye . I researched the heck out of ukuleles in the same price range and decided the Washburn OU-5 was the best.When the ukulele arrived I opened the box and was absolutely amazed . The uke was a beautiful thing -- a work of art . Its highly lacquered finish and distinctive Koa wood construction was stunning . I was looking at a true musical instrument . At that moment I knew my old ukulele was a piece of junk -- a toy . I suddenly hated it.The OU-5 sounds ten times better than my previous ukulele and the somewhat larger size makes it easier for me to `` play '' and move about the fret board . The mellow and resonant tones that come from the OU-5 are stunning . I know my judgment about that is not based on a lot of musical know-how , but the contrast with my old uke was certainly remarkable . I can recommend this Washburn ukulele to anyone who appreciates fine workmanship , a great sound and wants an fine instrument at a bargain price.Oh , one other thing -- the picture of the Washburn OU-5 ukulele in the Amazon.com description is not a picture of the OU-5 with the Koa wood top . The illustration is probably -LRB- a mistake -RRB- the Washburn OU-13 with a spruce top . Do n't be put off by this apparent error . The product is indeed a Koa wood OU-5 .
 I have had my OU5 Laminate Koa for about 3 years . I have a Martin Soprano my dad gave me , but wanted another uke to play so I did n't wear out my vintage Martin . I got this with the case for less than most places sell just the uke today and I can tell you both are incredible values . The uke looks like a custom uke costing 10 times as much , and the case is better quality than most soft cases for other stringed instruments . Being a laminate , I was especially surprised by the sound . After installing Aquila strings , tone and sustain for a uke in this price range are incredible . If you are a beginner , or even a seasoned player looking for a uke in this price range , this uke is a no-brainer . Get one .
 I picked this uke out based on reviews from other websites and then came to Amazon to see if they offered it . They did , through Musician 's Friend , so I ordered it . It is now six weeks later and the thing FINALLY arrived . Over the course of the six weeks , I called Musician 's Friend three times . Each time they explained that they had moved to a much larger warehouse and that the larger warehouse 's previous staff were supposed to stay on as new employees of the company . The former staff apparently did n't get that info and on day one nobody showed up for work . Musician 's Friend was forced to hire a whole new warehouse staff and train them . That , according to them , was the cause for the shipping delay . Take it with a grain of salt . However , each time I spoke to them they were very professional and , in the end , they took appropriate measures to convince me that they are , indeed , concerned about customer satisfaction.Anyway , about the ukulele , it was worth the wait . Front , back and sides are all book matched koa . The sides are half heartwood and half sapwood which makes some dramatic contrasts . The back has some light figure to it . The finish is flawless polished high-gloss . The mother-of-pearl inlay is beautiful . It 's almost like a new car ... I 'm going to be on needles and pins until it gets it 's first scratch ... then I 'll be able to relax a bit . After the strings settled in it seems to be holding tuning well and intonation seems very good . The tuners are very nice and make precise tuning very easy . This thing sure is pretty ! You can take this second paragraph with a grain of salt as well , this is only my second ukulele , however , I did sleep at a Holiday Inn Express last night : -RRB-
 i have played classical guitar for 25 years . most my guitars are high-end classicals and electrics -LRB- $ 1000 + -RRB- so when i wanted a uke i did ` nt want the $ 40 toy.i wanted something to last me a life time.i bought the ou-5 after much research.i have read comments from other dime-store `` experts '' say `` oh you should forget the oscar uke and go for the solid woods bla bla '' ... nonsense.the intonation was perfect on my OU5 -LRB- checked with digital tuner not my lying ears -RRB- the fit and finish is beutiful.as for the build quality , i have a unique perspective ; see my house caught on fire and exploded a few months back and after digging through the collapsed ceiling in my destroyed bedroom i found my OU5 with a fist sized pick-axe hole in the side from a fireman searching for wall fires . just today i rounded out the new `` soundhole '' in the side with a dremel and put some martin strings on.the old ones had melted off because there was charcoal from the burning ceiling in the sound hole/body of the OU5 . the OU5 has perfect intoniation and even WITH a huge hole in the side sounds very good.i will replace with worth strings soon as they REALLY bring out the sound and nice tone.i will be buying a ohana CK-50 but keep this OU5 as a trusty great sounding $ 140 uke .5 starsMAKE SURE TO SCRAP THE original GHS STRINGS FOR SOME QUALITY `` worth `` or aquila strings -LRB- NOTE the OU-5 is NOT a solid KOA uke.it is a laminate with KOA veneer -RRB- buy it you wo n't be sorryquick edit
 Musician 's Friend seems to have fixed whatever problems the previous reviewers had . I ordered this uke directly through their web site , plus the UC3 hard case and a Korg tuner , on Thanksgiving weekend and it arrived the following Friday.As to the uke itself , I 'm not an experienced player of string instruments so I ca n't really comment on the intonation or action . But I found the many reviews of this and other ukes on the Musician 's Friend site very helpful , so I 'd suggest looking there . This uke seemed to be the one in my price range with the fewest negative comments about playability , plus I liked the thought of the koa wood for a more Hawaiian connection.I agree that it 's a pretty little instrument , and sounds nice to my untrained ear . When I can play like Iz , I 'll write a follow-up review : - -RRB-
 Amazing . This is a great uke . came in like 3 days and the ukulele sounds beautiful . I like how they included aquila strings wit the ukulele .
 Bottom line , this is a cool UKE . I 've been a musician 40 + years and this little instrument has me smiling ! Stays in tune and sounds great after replacing the stock strings . If I was buying one again , I would be sure to put fresh strings on first thing.Enjoy !!!!!!
 I got this on a whim . Being a guitar player already , I wanted to take on the Ukulete . It brings back memories of elementary school when we had these for a few weeks in class to learn music.I 'm pretty happy with this model . The wood finish looks very nice and had some depth to it . The back is a two piece back . Some are one piece . I like the one piece better but ca n't expect much from a instrument this price.The packaging was n't great when it arrived . The Uke was in a thin foam bag and double boxed . that was it . no instruction manual or any warranty cards . I bought a few books at the same time which included some CDs . Those where very helpful because one of the track had the tuning sound to help tune the instrument . These nylon strings take a long time to stay in tune because they stretch . So it will require frequent tuning until they aged -LRB- like my classical guitar -RRB- . I need to pick up a soft case for this thing.If you have an iphone or an iPod touch , there is a few free apps . One I like is called Leleon . it 's free , and has lots of chords plus built in tuner so you can tune your instrument .
 I have never played a Ukulele before but I was really excited to learn . This Ukulele is very well made and the sound is quite good as well . I was a little skeptical about buying one online but I am very happy with the OU5 . I did n't have to much trouble with tuning but I highly recommend using a electric tuner instead of a pipe . I have no complaints , I am so glad I bought this I 'm already playing songs . ITS AWESOME !!!
 I got my OU5 Koa ukulele 1.5 year ago.It 's still one of my favorite instruments I own.I also ordered an original ukulele case from the same maker -LRB- Oscar Schmidt -RRB- . I only gave it 4 stars because it is not made from solid Koa .
 This OU5 is a great deal considering what else is available in this price range ... especially with the free shipping . I was pleasantly surprised at the quality and the feel of this inexpensive instrument . I have played nylon string guitar for many years , and wanted to have a uke around so i could learn to play that too . I love this little uke . its amazing quality for the price . not sure how they do it . :-RRB- in fact , i liked it so much that i bought the OU-53 as well which is the baritone version if this puppy . both of em are really nice . I highly recommend this is you are looking to get into a cool uke without a jumbo price tag . this is definitely worth the money , and gives you a chance to experience what the Ukelele is all about .
 This Oscar Schmidt is beautiful . It 's the perfect size for me . The action is a little high for my taste , but other than that , sounds wonderful . It is quite satisfactory for my needs at this time . It would do better to come with a little zipper up case/cover of some kind . I 'm pleased with this , I have noticed them at Costco for a little less , but did n't feel at all like I was overpaying for what I 've got .
 Really inexpensive Uke with electronics . I had to fix the graphic eq on mine . The eq was breaking away from the wood when I received it . Other than that , you get what you pay for . The Koa looks cool .
 I was quite suprised with this ukulele . Excellent tone . For the price I paid for this uke , I was quite impressed . Nice solid chrome tuners . This uke is one of my favorite in my collection . I would purchase another one . This is an awesome buy imho . I was n't disappointed .
 This pickholder is very convenient , easy to use , and it looks attractive anywhere on the guitar . It holds around 8 picks , but you can squeeze 9 . The only drawback is that once you place it , it is final . I wish that it could be moved after placement .
 What 's great about it ? Yes , it 's a simple product yet it 's so prectical . I affixed it to my guitar right by the volume and tone knobs . It 's out of the way and I have a pick whenever I need one , and it looks badass too ! I usually remember to put them back , but I keep 5-6 of them in there just in case . The only issue is , I have a second guitar which I 've started using and I 've begun losing picks again . So here I am getting a second one !
 First off , this holder does NOT hold 8 .88 tortex picks . At this very moment , I am trying to unjam my 7th pick that barely fit inside the pickholder . It only comfortably fits 4 or 5 , but you can squeeze a sixth in and even wedge in a 7th -LRB- stupid pick , come out already ! -RRB- Anyways , the holder looks and feels great , there 's no problem getting them in or out as long as you have less than 7 in it , and the sticky thing is great . If you slowly peel it off after application on the guitar , it wo n't leave behind a nasty residue -LRB- or the pad -RRB- . But do n't place it somewhere super obvious . I put it on the top left curve of my acoustic , with it hugging the neck . It 's easy to reach down and slide a pick out , and when you hold your guitar , it is n't super obvious to the audience . It is definitely worth the 1.89 , but if you want to hold tons of picks on your guitar , look for something else .
 This is exactly what I was looking for to go into my case or my pocket . I will not put this on the back of my guitar but you do have the option . Perfect fit for medium picks . Ease of use , and durable . Have purchased another one ! Good deal !
 If you 're always dropping picks , losing picks , breaking picks , this is perfect to have . Fits about 5-8 guitar picks or so . Stickies onto your guitar , wherever . There seems to be enough sticky-ness to move it around a few times and still have ti grip like new .
 This little guy holds picks and sticks where ever you put it . I stuck it on the side of my amp . This is really good quality little guy . I would recommend this to a friend .
 The first thing I do when I get a new guitar is buy a Dunlop Ergo Pickholder . A guitar is naked without one of these . Who knows where I put my pick after using it , but there is always another one waiting for me when I pick up my guitar .
 Very handy and inexpensive.Well worth the cost , it can fit many picks and could be stuck to something such as your guitar or case .
 Handy & convenient , stick this thing just about anywhere and you 'll have instant access to your picks . Holds about six med . comfortably , any more and you * will * struggle trying to ever get them back out .
 Nice little item for holding 5 or 6 medium sized picks . I would suggest this to anyone who wants to get a cool and useful gift .
 I keep losing picks , so when I saw this I bought it immediately . It does its job of keeping them all in one place .
 This thing is awesome . It 's like a pick self-dispenser . It holds about 7 medium celluloid picks . It has a peel off adhesive padding on the back so you can stick it anywhere on the guitar . For the price you ca n't go wrong , best dollar I ever spent.p.s . If you wan na take if off you guitar at any time , do n't worry about leaving a mark or damage the paint , this thing would come right off .
 It 's a good , cheap pick holder . There 's an adhesive patch if you want to stick it to something.Holds roughly 7 picks .
 it held about 5 picks . which is fine with me since i dont have to many . it sits perfectly where when you drop one its easy to just grab another . alot of people have asked where i got it at : -RRB-
 This was a great buy for my son and he loved that you can stick this on the wall . I had no idea when I bought it , so that was a plus ! And it also came with a pick inside . .
 I bought this for my boyfriend about a month and a half ago . It looks great and feels great , and he is happy with it for now . The only concern I had was the ton of wasteful packaging this came with - encased by huge plastic pillows of air -LRB- relative to its size -RRB- in a massive cardboard box -LRB- relative to its size -RRB- .
 Great price , does exactly what it 's supposed to ! I stuck it behind the head in a nice and discreet location , and it makes pick storage much simpler . For the price , I do n't expect anything fancy , nor did I need anything else !
 Overall satisfied with my purchase . The product was as described and arrived in a timely fashion . I would reccomend these guys
 Like all of Dunlop products , this worked great . It 's real convenient on those rare occasions when you drop a pick in the middle of a performance . I 'm a Dunlop fan .
 Very handy to have . Could peel paper off bottom and stick to guitar -LRB- or something -RRB- to keep your picks close at hand . I have n't done that myself as I do n't want to mess up the finish of my guitar but could see it being handy . Picks fit snug but slide out easily when needed .
 I do n't loose them anymore.Highly recommend to any who play . I need 9 more words but the first sentence say 's it all .
 it didnt hold as many i as thought -LRB- it only holds 8 -RRB- but that didnt matter , now i finaly have some where to put my picks so i dont lose them.the pick holder also has a sticky thing at the bottom so you can stick it to your guitar or somthing .
 Never be pickles again . Mounted on the back , your guitar snob buddies wo n't even know you desecrated your gorgeous guitar .
 My gr ` daughter was thrilled to have this to keep track of her picks ! Prior to getting this , she was always losing them .
 My son loves these to keep track of his picks and I 'm a happy mom because I no longer have picks laying all over the house .
 Exactly as advertised . Very secure ; even with just one pick inside , they 'll hold well . Small , can be hidden on a side of the guitar that wo n't show it off .
 Can always have a pick at your fingertips with this handy holder . Keeps you from searching through cushions and under rugs !
 Got these for my son as part of his Christmas package and he loves them . They stick very well and stay in place .
 I see everyone saying this pick holder will handle 6 to 10 picks but I find that while it 's a good item , it only holds up to four of the `` thick '' picks I prefer to use and maybe barely two of the really thick translucent picks I sometimes experiment with . So if you like the thicker picks you may want to buy a larger pick holder unless you can live with only 2 to 4 picks on hand . ` Ron
 I bought this item as a stocking stuffer for the husband . He typically keeps a pickholder on his pedal boards instead of having them all over or on the mic stand . It works as expected . I believe he put about 6-8 picks in there .
 Lets just say , I have n't misplaced a single pick since I bought this . It 's sturdy , holds about 10 picks , and mine actually came with 2 free picks !
 my hubby keeps this on the bedside table since he does n't want to attach anything to his precious bass . it 's the perfect size and holds several picks .
 Good quality . It was a great price for it . A + + + + + + + + + +
 This pick holder works for me . It holds a number of picks well and easily discharges when needed . It fits my Jasmine well . Buy it from GO-DPS since they have one of the best customer service and quality products !
 Very inexpensive item for keeping your picks in 1 place.My son loves his and it made a perfect stocking stuffer this christmas!Thank you .
 Protects and organizes you picks and even gives you a free pick!Can ' t hold that many though , only about 6 or 7 .
 Nifty little holder . Does as it states in the description . I would pick up another one , just to have it on hand .
 It did n't wreck my little Johnson 's finish have n't checked it on my other guitar though . But it works pretty well . You just got to put it where you can easily reach it and it wo n't be in the way . I love it for when i accidently drop my pick which happens often enough . : P
 It 's easy to use , lightweight , can be inconspicuously placed if wanted , and fits many different sizes of picks . My husband and I have each had one of these on our guitars for almost a year now , and we have not had any problems with it . This includes springs , the way it is held onto the guitar , and pretty much everything else . The only complaint I have is that it does n't hold very many picks , but really it 's okay . I do n't care about that for myself , but my husband loses picks easily ! ; -RRB- Overall , great product in my opinion
 Holds ~ 8-10 picks depending on thickness . I stick it on top of my amp so ive always got a pick close by .
 Nifty little trinket . At least now I do n't have to worry about finding picks all over the house ! Good add on to help you get over that $ 25 limit for the free shipping too ! ; -RRB-
 This works . It 's basically a pick pocket with a spring to keep them in place . It works great , i 'm glad I found it.The sticky stuff on the back keeps it where you want it -LRB- on my guitar -RRB- , and it comes off without leaving a mess .
 perfect for keeping picks from getting scattered everywhere . Easy to find and has enough weight to it that it wont just slide off the table .
 I ordered this product 3 days ago . Great , fast shipment and service . I would do business with this seller again !
 I have no idea why anyone would write a review for a guitar pick holder but ... Anyway this little Item as you would imagine is really handy . I think in my 7 years playing guitar I have probably purchased 1000 guitar picks . And at any given time I can find maybe one . Then you clean your house and they turn up everywhere `` I do n't remember playing guitar on top of the fridge . . '' This little guy holds about 6 picks snugly in its little kangaroo pouch . I stuck this to my main acoustic guitar and instead of sticking the little pick in-between the strings I just stick it in the holder . And when I clean and start finding loose picks everywhere I just stick them back in the holder . The little adhesive strip keeps it really snug on the guitar , and im sure a little goo be gone will remove residue after you do n't want the holder anymore . Anyways If you actually read this review thanks and buy it you wo n't be disappointed . Your everything guide - Andrew
 We bought this pickholder for my 6 year old son who just got a guitar for Christmas . The pickholder has a little peice of paper on the back of it that you just peel off and then stick the holder on your guitar . It 's great to not have to worry about him losing his picks . I think the holder fit about 10 picks in it . The picks fit into the holder perfectly and come out with ease . Great product , especially for kids .
 Yeah , so this holder is probably the best thing that happened to me since I started playing . I used to always lose my picks , but this holder stopped that from happening . 5 stars man !
 This Dunlop `` Ergo Pickholder '' is so convenient for storing picks directly on the guitar . This is a great way to always have picks handy , especially if you drop one while playing . Here are my observations : + Small Size ; is fairly unobtrusive when mounted to the guitar + Easy to Attach ; just peel of the paper backing and stick it where needed + Good Capacity ; easily holds 6 picksMy only note of caution is that if you overload this and then fumble pulling out a pick , you are likely to get more then one dispensed in your hand . Try it once or twice and it is easy to avoid.RecommendedCFH
 When you buy a pick holder , you expect it to hold picks . That 's what it does . I can fit about 8-10 Fender mediums -LRB- the blue ones -RRB- in there . The sticky part on the back works great . It sticks well and does n't leave a LOT of goo stuff . I did n't put my holder on my guitar , because I thought it would get in my way when I was strumming or something . So , I stuck it to my wall . It 's nice to always have my picks in one place . But , if you travel a lot with your guitar and you do n't want to stick it to your guitar , I would just keep a pick in between the guitar strings or something.Overall , I highly reccommend this holder to anyway who has a hard time keeping up with their picks . Or just any guitar player that uses picks . It 's great .
 I am just learning the mandolin and bought this as a afterthought and I am glad I did , I am a longtime guitar player and the way you hold a pick for a guitar and for a mandolin are totally different combine this with the twin string setup on the mandolin and how close the twin strings are to each other and I have suddenly developed a case of the clumsys as far as keeping hold of my pick , its bad enough dropping my pick in the middle of a jam session but it would be worse having to go fishing around for it or a replacement , I stuck this on the back of my mandolins head between the strap and the tuners so when I drop my pick I just flick a new one out and continue on .
 So , this works exactly as advertised . A pick holder is just that , a pick holder . Nothing too amazing but it does what it 's supposed to and I do n't lose my picks as often anymore ! I 've had this for about 8 months and it 's still working perfectly and I love it just as much today as I did when I first got it . Definitely a must have for any guitar player , it keeps you from seeing picks lying around all over the place or losing your favorite one .
 It 's very handy to have eight picks available when you want them . The device is well made with a good spring inside and it just looks cool on the guitar .
 This is got ta be it . It is very easy to pull out a pick , a sticker behind it holds it steady for long times . Also it is very easy to insert a pick in there . However I ca n't put my dunlop nylon .60 mm all together , then all the picks come out . So the picks with grips , put that one and put another pick with no grips , then put one with grips . I hope this helped !
 I use to store my picks on my shelf , i would drop them in the carpet , walk off with them , sometimes even swallow them ... But This pickholder is Amazing ! it has a sticky back that can stick to any surface ! i stuck mine on the wall right behind my guitar , so anytime i pick up my guitar , BOOM , i got a pick . And everytime i put my guitar away , BOOM , my pick goes in the Ergo Pickholder . Its simple convenient and a must have for any picker !!
 As a musician that plays shows with several , I found this Pickholder very useful . I placed this pickholder to the right of my hand near the output jack . This spot works best for me because it 's not in the way , but I can still easily slip a pick out during the strumming action of my hand.This definitely makes storage and retrieval of picks quite efficient and fast when the inevitable event of losing a pick occurs . Thanks to this , I do n't have to run to a pickholder on a mic stand or run to my amp for some picks . . It 's right there , ready to go , only a few inches from my hand .
 The Donlop Ergo Pick holder made a very nice gift for my 3 , grand kids . They are 11 , 8 , and 9 years of age . All have guitars . The pick holder will hold 8 picks . They can be place in any location . They have a self stick backing . Put them on you AMP or maybe the back of your guitar or just keep them in your pocket or gig bag . The price is resalable also .
 I thought , yes , I need a pez dispenser for my picks . A bit skeptical , but after using it , I 'm really liking it . I have n't mounted it to a guitar , but instead , I 'll likely rig up something to attach it to my guitar strap .
 Can hold about 8 0.73 mm picks at once . 10 if you really cram them in . As long as your pick has some sort of grip to it and is n't totally smooth , you should have no problem quickly sliding one out with your finger . I might go for slighter thicker picks in the future , but that has nothing to do with the holder I suppose ...
 i love this holder , never have to look for a pick . in fact , now that i dont lose them , i am reconsidering ordering the amount of picks i did
 This pick holder will hold about 3/16 '' worth of picks . I think that I was able to fit 8 .50 mm picks in it at once without worrying that they would fall out . Fits very nicely on the headstock of my Takamine and does not detract from the look of the guitar .
 This thing holds a ton of picks , it 'll even hold one of the 5mm rubber picks I own ! I can fit 5-6 picks in it , but since I use assorted picks -LRB- most of them thick since I play bass -RRB- , you might be able to fit more in than I can . With the flexible metal strip `` spring '' of sorts that it uses to hold the picks in , it 's fairly limited to what it can hold , I think that it could be modded and bent a bit to allow one or two more picks to be put in.Mine came with a transparent red pick in it , but I do n't know if this is an actual pick or just a piece of plastic , but it seems sturdy enough to be used as a pick . I 'll use it a bit and see if it breaks with just a little bit of wear and tear , then I 'll edit this review . Otherwise , this is a great pick holder ! I would highly recommend it to anybody .
 This little item saves you the hassle to carry picks everywhere -LRB- wallet for example -RRB- , and lets you securely carry many picks with you . I tought it would include at least a courtesy pair of picks , but it does n't . I 'm not complaining about it , but I think it would be a nice extra.Great buy !
 Holds around 8 picks . I am always losing them . Very glad to have gotten this .
 Other members of the family were jealous because they would have liked to have received one too . It is cute
 I got this for my son so he could hold his picks and keep them in place , he 's got it on his guitar stem , it is really easy for him to grab a pick and they stay in place , he has no worry 's about them falling out as he is playing , great price , -LRB- except for shipping price -RRB- , would tell anyone who needs something to keep they 're picks in to get one of these
 Bought this for a friend and he loves it . This item is good to have if you are a guiter player .
 Holds my picks , sticks on the side of my guitar which is great since I often forget my picks when I run off to class .
 Nothing too crazy here . It holds your picks and sticks to your guitar . So far so good . Feels pretty durable , I 'm sure it will last quite a while .
 My son is 10 , he plays his guitar everyday , we have had issues with finding picks until we got the pickholder and now we do n't loose picks at all . Very Happy .
 As you can imagine , there is nothing really complicated about a guitar pick holder . But if you play at least time to time , you know how annoying it could be that your picks are all over the place , or when you can not find any at the time you would need them.Well , this specific holder does just what you expect . You can stick it to you guitar and it keeps your picks collected and handy , sliding them out one by one as you need them!Some additional tips : It seems to hold 6-8 picks comfortably depending on the brand and thickness . I am not sure if anyone managed to fit 9-10 picks in it at the same time.Before sticking it onto your instrument , make sure that the surface is clean , not too cold or hot , so the holder will stick well . It should not fell off after that for months at least . Not sure about longer periods . But if it does , use a little double sided sticker and everything is like before !
 Got this for my grandaughter who is taking guitar lessons and this pickholder works very well to keep them all in one place-I do n't remember how many it holds but it was quite a few.It also has adhesive backing if you want to permanently attach them to something .
 I purchased this back in '09 and it has been great to me . The black color goes virtually undetected on my black finish Martin acoustic . It 's perfect when playing live and you drop , toss or need to change picks in between songs . For me , it holds roughly 6 picks of different sizes -LRB- I use Dunlop Tortex .73 mm and Fender California Mediums -RRB- . As for other reviewers complaining that it did n't come with picks ? Come on , what do you want for under a Lincoln ?
 I only give this 4 stars because it does not hold very many of the picks with ridges on them . It does do its job and holds the picks so they are not all over the place .
 i bought this to make sure i had a pic on me while im playing instead of looking for one ... i put it on my guitar strap and it stays !!! i thought it would fall off by ow but it has survived and i barely drop a pick but if i do i just slip down pick up another oneit holds about ten picksits cheap design ... . but good for the price i payed ... it wont fall apartand i need nothing fancyit serves its purpose
 This is a great item , just make sure you have a separate place to keep all your custom picks , if you get them . But otherwise this is a great and stylish pickholder I might add .
 Good Things : Good QualityPortableBad Things : Only holds 6 picks -LRB- not that bad , but you know -RRB- Neutral Things : Sticky thing on back that when you peel it sticks to things
 Nice , holds picks better then my old one , and best of all ... It comes with one free disintegrating pick ! It is really awesome , all you have to do is alt-pick in 16th , and watch it dissapear before your very eyes ! Lol , great product though .
 this is a great product . I used to lose my picks constantly . Literally , I would lose one every time I played . Now they are right on the body of my guitar , right within reach.I have even gone from finger picking to using a straight pick in the same song because they are so easy to access . It 's one of the best items I 've bought for my guitar playing , ever.Also , it sticks super well . I have never had it slip or try to come off or anything . Once it 's on there , it 's on there . I love that .
 No more loose picks hanging out in the bottom of the music bag getting lost , this little guy keeps all of the picks right where they can be easily located . I just wish it held more !
 I dunno I thought I needed a pick holder , already had one but had forgotten . Not sure where I put it now , but it I am sure one day I will use it and just LOVE it for it 's ergonomic beauty and vast utilitarian properties . It 's greatest purpose thus far has been qualifying for Super Savings so that a $ 23 item could ship free as well .
 Pick holder . Will hold about 8-10 picks depending on the type of pick you prefer . Obviously thick picks will mean less storage , thin ones will mean more . Overall it is great for the boyfriend who is constantly losing his picks .
 Was a gift for son . He thought it was great because he was always trying to locate his picks . This takes care of the problem as long as he uses it .
 I play in a band and it gets annoying losing guitar picks everywhere because good quality ones like the ones that I buy are not the cheapest things . I decided to invest in one of these pickholders and now it is not a problem . I can stick it anywhere that I like , on doors , on my guitar case , anywhere . Me and my bandmates have one to each of us now .
 The only thing that could have made this better was the color . I would have liked to have it in pink for my granddaughter . However , it is handy , sturdy , and well worth the price . I would definitely recommend for any child who tends to set things down EVERY WHERE . It sticks to the guitar and hopefully at the end of the day , there are still a few picks in it . Recommended.Sherry
 After seeing 1 star reviews ... well , got 3 and all work well . Perhaps the design has been improved or something since the less than 5 star reviews . They go in easily , stay snug and come out easily , and stay snug . Am able to get 9 picks in comfortably
 never see allot of people with these and i do n't know why because ever since i started playing guitar I have been meaning to buy some of these . so i finally got around to it and bought a few of them for my guitars , and i have not one complaint . The shipping was great it came in a nice box with 5 other products i ordered from them since i ordered 3 they were each in their own individual box and the boxes were rubber band together really nice . all the items i ordered were nice and plastic wrapped / shrink wrapped together in a nice box . the item is what it 's described as , and as pictured it does not come with Dunlop picks but it does come with like a see through red pick looking thing that 's really thick I do n't know if it 's a pick or just a demo , or a starter thing I do n't know , but you can remove it i have no use for it . the item is to put on the back side of the head stock of the guitar right above the tuners it 's small not noticeable at all portable and does not get in the way what so ever it holds a good bit of picks approximately 6 in there comfortably but you can shove 7 or 8 total if there is a need for that many this is if you take the red plastic piece/pick thing out that is comes prepackaged with.the best part of this product is that it comes with a square on the back of the holder u peel the first little film back and it has an adhesive on it so you can sick it straight to the back of the head stock like i mentioned . I have removed one off of my guitar too and the adhesive did not harm my guitar or leave any pieces or anything sticky behind . All in all it 's a great product i 'm glad i bought these and at such a good price for a very helpful item , that is not only for easy access , but it will also help u not misplace your picks ; once you 're done place your guitar you can slide it right back into the holder , and you will always have your picks there with you . I enjoyed putting the time into typing this product review and i hope it helps all of you thank you .
 This little jewel is one handy little item!I stick it on the back of the guitar head , and never miss a note when my pick goes flying.I always know where my pick is.Havent had to buy another pick since i got this little jewel.Get one now . you wont regret it !!
 Holds many picks and has stuck to my guitar for a long time right now ... I just hope that when the time comes to take it off , it doesnt ruin the finish.But hey , If I were worrying about it that much , i wouldnt have stuck anything to my guitar in the first place.The spring in this really holds the picks securely . I can finally stop searching every where for my picks.The plastic is really sturdy .
 After getting frustrated with losing my guitar picks everywhere I decided to invest in one of these nifty little pickholders . Now , I can find my picks anytime I need them . The best part is that this pickholder is adhesive so you can stick it anywhere you want , even on the fridge or a door . Holds approximately six picks or so .
 Very nice , smooth , no sharp edges , not much bigger than the picks it 's holding -LRB- it holds about 10 of my favorite thin Mel Bay picks -RRB- ... the only issue is , the spring clip that pushes the picks to the top , is a little too strong , and was warping my thin picks , but I just put one very stiff pick at the bottom of the pile , and it 's fine .
 Works exactly as expected . Good solid quality . Would purchase this item again . Has sticky pad on back - peel and stick . Double-stick 3M foam tape can be used to place in new area at a later date . I have had this for three months or so - no issues.Edit 07-19-2012
 I purchased this for two of my grown-up musical children at Christmas this year . The reaction from them was lots of happiness . I packed them in two different packages with other things and initially my daughter thought there was only one and she was quick to speak for it . Too funny!Such a little thing . Such a great reaction . Got ta love it !
 Gave this to my boyfriend as a gift . He plays guitar and always has picks laying around on the desk and on the bed stand . I bought this for him to keep all his picks in one place . Great idea ! You can also attach it to your guitar for easy access . Small , convenient .
 This thing is great ! I got it with fast shipping and then I figured out I could actually make it stick on my guitar . It holds about 8-10 picks that are medium in size , and it holds them with ease . Definitely a necessity for any serious guitarist who loses picks constantly .
 This is a must have for any pick hound or hoarder like myself . i bought this because i stumbled upon it and thought , hey for a couple of bucks why not clean up all those picks all over my desk .
 I got this to hold some of my picks so they do n't fall around everywhere when traveling . My only complaint is that these can only hold about 7 or 8 , otherwise , I am very happy with my purchase .
 The product came quickly and was in good condition . My brother loved it as a christmas present . It work effectively .
 I was using the bigger triangle kind before . The one that 's more universal . But I only use the tortex pics . So I got this . They fit perfect . And they do n't move around so much like with the bigger triangle one .
 My son , who is learning banjo , is constantly losing his picks and can never seem to find one when he needs it . This handy little holder is a great place , spring loaded , to hold one pick or enough for a pick party . Perfect for keeping the pick family together .
 This holder was exactly what I thought I was getting when I ordered it . It 's just big enough for several picks , and can be attached to your guitar . Nothin ' fancy , but just right for what I wanted !!
 Nice little device . We 'll see how long it lasts -LRB- a cheap little plastic thing really -RRB- but so far it does the job and holds about 6 or so medium picks easily without issue . I use it with the medium dunlop picks . Glad I got it .
 Gave these to my musical bro in his stocking , he really digs the easy access . Sticks anywhere , and stays there , but also easily removed if necessary .
 Simple , but elegant in size for placement in a guitar case . This a great device to put my genuine ` Planet Waves ' signature picks in . Michael Haller , ` Captain Soul 's Sound Circus '
 Not much too it . I like it better than throwing them in an Altoid can cause its easier to grab one from this spring loaded holder .
 Purchased this for my nephew who recently picked up acoustic guitar . He attached it to the quitar and was able to house about 6 picks in it . He says he always has one handy now and does n't have to dig around to find one . Definate smart idea .
 I applied this to numerous guitars and was very useful for the money . Never left a mark on the intruments when removed .
 Purchased this on a whim as Amazon suggested it during checkout . So the purchase was n't to satisfy a real need of any sort - however it is useful . No real desire to put double sided tape on any of my instruments and as a home player , no need to . So instead it went on the underside of a music stand , where it is out of the way and still very convenient .
 Like these things.Got this for a third guitar.I do n't drop my picks , but is a handy place to store them .
 I bought these for my husband as a stocking stuffer for Christmas , and he loved them ! He has a terrible habit of laying his picks all over the house . I find them on the floor , in a pocket , on his nightstand , by the sink ; then he ca n't find a pick when he needs it ! He 's always borrowing one ! He put them on the guitars he uses the most , so hopefully this will alleviate the panic that starts to set in when he ca n't find a pick .
 Purchased as a gift . He loved to use with the assortment of picks . Arrived very quickly with the other items I purchased .
 Got this holder for my husband and it is great . You will not go wrong with this holder I highly recommend this itme .
 No brainer to keep some picks handy where you need them . I stuck one on top of my amp . I may get more to stick other places too so I am not always searching . I used to always try to keep a pick in the strings up the neck but then they fall out -LRB- or in the hole -RRB- .
 this item is light in weight and you can stick it on the side of your guitar to hold many different picks , you will make sure to fine you picks the next time you need them
 This is a great , useful product . It attached perfectly to the headstock of my RG1527 , it is small so it does n't get in the way of anything . It holds a number of picks safely in place until you need them . Definitely recommend it !
 I ordered this pick holder because I always misplace my picks , I personally put this pick holder on the head of my guitar and I have n't lost a pick since ! I highly recommend this product !
 I like this little pick holder , it has the sticking part there with just a peel off and is easy to place on your guitar . It also does not damage the guitar if removed , the pick holder was really helpful .
 This pick holder does a great job , I have n't lost a single pick since I got this , but it seems a little expensive for a simple piece of plastic and a spring . Worth it if you 're constantly loosing picks though .
 It 's perfect love it , thank you so much , will do more transactions in the near future !!! -LSB- ... -RSB- It 's easy to used and keeps my picks all in one place , I will always know where they are , whoever thought of this is excellent !! It 's amazing for a small town country girl who wants to learn to play so I can add melody to my poems I write , I have so many that I want to put to melody 's for now they are in my books that I 'm publishing . Second book is due to come out soon , they are on Amazon.com `` The Romantic '' by Kat Bussell , I ca n't explain what this means to me , thank you !! Second book due to come out soon is `` Just A Small Town Country Girl '' by Kat Bussell , it to will be on Amazon.com
 I love it !! it sticks to my electric , it holds the picks nice and well . the only thing is that i wish it could hold more that 6 picks . but its deff a nifty lil thing and i deffenetly recomend this product !
 Great little pick with an adhesive strip on the back . I bought two , one for my guitar - placed near my volume and tone knobs so i can grab one quickly if i break one . Another on the side of my amp for backup storage.Overall , a great guitar accessory for a small amount of money.Only con is that it does n't fit many of the odd shaped picks ...
 The item came well packed and also in perfect condition . I 'm very glad . Thanks.Fender 351 Premium Celluloid Guitar Picks , 12 Pack , Abalone , Medium
 This little guy is perfect . I have just started playing and have already managed to developed the wonderful ability to lose my picks.This item holds on to the picks very snuggly and while it wo n't keep me from losing the pick in my hand -LRB- which I have done -RRB- it does make it a lot simpler to find the ones I have n't lost yet.It keeps all together , holds them tightly , and its also pretty easy to get them out again.Overall not a bad choice .
 This pick holder is designed for Dunlop Tortex picks , which -LRB- coincidentally -RRB- are the type I use . I use the orange .6 mm variety , of which I have gotten it to hold seven . Very inexpensive , well made , strong adhesive .
 This simple device keeps guitar picks stored in an easy to remove and insert container.No more storing picks in a zip lock bag or opened pick boxes , where it is possible to have them fall out on accident.Personally , I have not used the sticky back to secure it to any thing . Worthy investment for the price .
 I lose picks constantly . Years ago I resorted to placing them between the srings in the neck of the guitar when Im not playing it . That of course leads to bent picks and still , lost picks . This thing is great . I load it up with alternating -LRB- hard and soft -RRB- picks so I can easily swap out between songs . Best $ 3 I 've ever spent .
 I like this product and the idea behind it but it seams that when I try to pull one pick out I get two or three coming out at the same time . It can hold 5 -LRB- at least for me -RRB- . Overall , I would recommend it . I bought one for myself and one for my 7 year old 's guitar .
 Bought this for my 15 Y.O. brother for Christmas as he was always complaining of losing his guitar picks . He loves the fact that this sticks right onto his guitar and holds all of his picks in varying thickness . He has n't lost a pick since he got this !
 works good strong spring holds picsand you can stick it on something withthe tape on back
 I have a black composite acoustic guitar and this little pickholder stays stuck right where the neck meets the body . People watching me ca n't really see it , and it 's right where I need it , full of picks , if I drop one . Wonderful little invention . Buy it , if you do n't want to carry a mess of picks in your guitar case or pocket .
 Great way to store picks . It has a sticky on the back if you want to stick it more permanently on something . I was just happy to have somewhere for my kids to store their picks so they are n't constantly all over the place . Good deal , good price
 I lose picks a lot . My cat finds them and they disappear . This cheap little nifty device seems to be cat-proof and works well . I stuck it on the back of my guitar 's headstock . I 'll be back for one more for my other guitar .
 Holds six picks and in this house we may need a dozen of these . Thankfully they are nice and ship fast , I will be a return customer .
 I was very pleased with the item as it arrived on time and was exactly what I was expecting for what I had ordered !!!!!
 This product is made of sturdy material and when adhered to the guitar it stays put . It is just the right size making pick storage easy .
 Perfect and just like the product advertised ! It serves it 's purpose and creates easy clean up and accessibility for my picks : -RRB-
 My husband was so excited to receive this . He 's always leaving picks around the house.It 's very sturdy and does what it needs to do . He 's weary about sticking it to his guitar , so I 'm not sure how strong the stickiness is on the back . I gave it 4 stars because it is just a pickholder .
 My grandson , age 8 , is fascinated by putting his picks in and out of this pick holder . It works easily and seems sturdy ; this is just the first day , and it 's getting quite a workout .
 This little guy is perfect . I have just started playing and have already managed to developed the wonderful ability to lose my picks.This item holds on to the picks very snuggly and while it wo n't keep me from losing the pick in my hand -LRB- which I have done -RRB- it does make it a lot simpler to find the ones I have n't lost yet.It keeps all together , holds them tightly , and its also pretty easy to get them out again.Overall not a bad choice .
 accumulates & stores & sticks to guitar - Great !! Wish I 'd have bought 4 !!
 My fiance has a permanent spot at home for his picks , but when he likes to grab one of his guitars and go he seems to not come back with as many picks as he left with . This has helped . Alot .
 I seriously tend to lose my nice picks because I have no where to put them . Now They are all in one place , thanks to this pick holder , !!
 It keeps your picks nice and organized . Great for beginning guitar students . A nice little product to combine with another shipment .
 Finally I do n't have to look for my picks anymore . This pick holder comes with one pick . You can stick it on the back of your guitar if you do n't want it to be visible . 5/5
 Handy organizer . Holds about 5 or 6 heavy picks . Some picks may be too large and may need to be `` shaped '' to fit . Had adhesive backed foam tape on back so you can stick to something . I just pealed that off as I want it to stay loose in my guitar case . I am happy with this purchase .
 Spring mechanism works fine and holds a decent number of picks -LRB- sorry was gifted to a friend so do n't recall exact no -RRB- . Rounded ergonomic corners are a nice touch . Ca n't complain for the price
 I hated having to put the pick between strings . And now that I have a ton of picks , I can convientently put them in this little thing that attaches to the guitar . Im still weary of putting it on my guitar because it has a matte finish , and I dont want to ruin it . But the instructions say it should be fine . I think I might put it on my amplifier instead because having it on the guitar might get in the way as well , still deciding on that . But for the price you pay for this , it 's a no brainer for any musician .
 Wish I had gotten two because they are so inexpensive but effective . Holds around eight to ten picks . My son loves it .
 I ordered the pickholder for my son for his birthday and he loves it ! He attached it to his new guitar ; when I ordered the product , I was unaware that the pickholder could be attached to the guitar , but my son likes that it does . He is happy that he will not lose his favorite pick .
 Works fine with all my picks and it 's great to have if you are always misplacing picks . Also holds my silver picks .
 This is fine as a general stick-on inexpensive pick holder . It does n't hold very many picks , but it really does n't have to . I would give this five stars except that I really prefer the Planet Waves LED key chain/pick holder over this . It costs more but has more functional value to me . If all you need is something very simple , and you have a surface you can stick it on , then this is fine .
 What can I say ; this is the best pick holder I have owned . This one stuck right to the back of the headstock with ease . Sturdy and holds just the right amount of picks .
 Very sensible design that keeps you from looking for that pick when you really just want to play . No more intertwining your pick into your strings . This one is a no brainer .
 Very Heavy and sturdy feeling . We are n't guitar players but plan on giving my son guitar lessons . It sounds good to me with a little honeywell $ 20 amp I bought for him.Be careful when tuning I broke one of his strings the first day . Ours does say `` playmate '' on the head of guitar , not DEAN .
 The guy in charge called me and helped me get the right product after I placed the order . They had the foresight to call me and make sure that all was compatible with the computer nthat I have and its current software . The item was then delivered quickly and correctly . Love these guys
 I got this saxophone for my birthday , about 4 months ago , and i would not be playing sax without it . The problem is , it 's a cheaply made sax , and it has a couple things wrong .1 . The spring on the left hand palm key is broken , but this is typical after playing for a while .2 . The guard on the C key is broken , exposing solder.It however has a not bad sound quality . I would not be playing sax without this beauty , and i love it so much . Perfect for students .
 To start out , I 'm going to go ahead and say that I have played flute for all of ... well , not that long . I 've been borrowing a friend 's spare for a while , but I finally got this beauty for Christmas.To start off with , the plating is pretty dang nice for a cheap instrument . No wearing ... it 's shiny and pretty . A lot shinier and prettier than the picture , I daresay . Oh , I do n't think it says it anywhere , but it comes with gloves -LRB- which are n't that awesome , but they 're essentially free , so I could care less -RRB- , a polishing cloth , a cleaning rod , and joint grease . The cleaning rod came IN the middle joint of the flute , which I 'm uncomfortable with . There 's nowhere else to store it . No bueno . The trill keys are a bit shaky , which also is n't great , but it 's nothing major , and it comes with a warranty anyway.I actually think this one is a lot more responsive than said friend 's fancy shmancy flute . It has awesome tone , and plays well in all registers . Honestly , it is n't an awesome flute to compete with Gmeeinhards and brands of the like . If you plan on progressing as far as flute goes , the Vinci is not your poison , but if you 're just content with twiddling around , then you might want to give this one a go . I personally love it , and that is that .
 As capo 's go there really is n't much to review . I find that they either work or they do n't . This kyser style capo so far works on all my acoustic guitar -LRB- At last count I own twelve -RRB- . I like the ability to just clip it on the head when not in use . I also like the rubber protection so you do n't mar the finish on the back of the neck . Unlike other capo designs there is no way to preset the tension for each guitar . In theory this does n't need to be done but I find on occasion I do have to move it to better lock in tuning but to be honest I usually have to do this with most capo 's as the tension requirements differ from depending on the position on the neck .
 Good service from Amazon . Received in just 3 working days . I really like the color of the sax . I do n't know how to play now but I will learn .
 ... it 's what you 're using it on . Are you playing electric , acoustic , resonator , or lap guitar , with steel , nickel , bronze , or phospor bronze strings ? What gauge strings do you use ? Not to mention your personal playing style , size of your hand , etc. . There 's nothing wrong with a glass slide , but it might not be right for YOU . Go to a music store , try out all the slides they have on your guitar , and get the one that sounds best to you .
 great product . shipped super fast and got to my house before the estimated deleivery time . very happy with the wingnuts they are chrome and do their job well
 Works great with my percussionist set up next to my congas at church . They were purchased for use with my cymbals .
 This is an amazing cymbal , it adjust for all kind of music styles , its brilliant finish is striking , and the sound is really loud and clear . This cymbal is known for its professional level . I like it so much , that 's why I gave it 5 stars , perfect !
 I purchased my 20 '' model to go with the complete Session set back when Zildjian offered a package deal . My brother had given the set as a gift and I had a hard time getting used to it.One of the barriers to liking this -LRB- and its 18 '' sibling -RRB- is they sound clangy from behind the kit . Out front they actually sound pretty amazing and they also record very well.Also , unlike other Zildjian K. Custom series , the Session series is consistent . Mine sounds practically identical to one owned by a fellow drummer . And hearing him play is what inspired me to dig out mine , which frankly had not been getting much use over the years.This cymbal will not project , so for loud music it is not a great choice . There is a lot of definition with a slight wash when playing it , and the bell is very strong . It also crashes well.Also this ride pairs perfectly with theZildjian K Custom 14-Inch Session Hi-Hat Cymbals Pair , and when used as a right-side ride with the 18 '' Session ride on the left it is versatile enough to work with jazz and blues and other quieter types of music . It may work with classic rock , but will definitely not cut through if you play heavier rock or metal .
 This ligatures are great for high school students how real want to start to get scerouse about playing -LRB- like me -RRB- or the pro looking to get the cleanst sound out of there horn I loved it on my alto hard rubber and scent I got blessed with a soprano for xmas I realy wannted to get the cleanst sound on my soprano just like I do on my alto I cant wait for till it comes in the mail . : - -RRB-
 These work great for quick set-up and tear-down and holding cymbals on when they need to be . The thing is that I found my cymbal stands needed some minor alterations before the Vater Slick Nut worked properly . Because the opening is n't large enough to accommodate the protective plastic cymbal sleeve , I had to trim the sleeve down to where it stuck out just barely above the cymbal . That way I had the maximum amount of threading available for the Slick Nut to lock onto . The other thing is that this seems to be designed for modern 8mm posts , not 6mm posts found on `` vintage '' or cheap stands . Though it 's nice in theory that it can be locked by turning a small set screw , in reality if someone wants to steal your cymbal , there are other ways around the Slick Nut .
 it does what it says it will do ! i now have my cymbals in the bag before the last note finishes ringing !
 Friday night - two weeks ago . I finished playing an opening set with my band . We 've got about 10 minutes to tear down and get off of the stage before the next act is setting up . I 'm worn out , my hands are shaking from last night 's hangover and the previous set . We play our last notes and I immediately jump up to start tearing down cymbal stands . My shaking hands spin the wingnut off of the crash cymbal . it spins -- and spins -- and spins . It flies off the top of the stand , bounces once , and evaporates . It 's got ta be the 25th wingnut I 've lost this way.Friday night - Last week . My cymbals freshly equipped with Vater Slick Nuts , I finish pouring my heart and sweat out on stage . 10 minutes to tear down . I reach up to my crash cymbal . I push the little brass button on the Slick Nut . The top comes off . I pack up the cymbal and laugh to myself . Good lord , that was easy.Seriously . This is the fast working aspirin for the constant headache that is the ever-turning wingnut that pops off at the last second and sends you crawling on your hands and knees . The product comes with the black slick nut pictured , as well as a thin felt with an adhesive back -LRB- I had no need for it , but i 'll keep it around -RRB- and a small hex key -LRB- allen wrench -RRB- so that you can tighten the slick nut and actually lock it onto the treads of your stand . I suppose this might come in handy if you had a house kit and needed to keep the cymbals from being stolen . For most purposes , they completely counteract the reason you 're looking at this product in the first place.One unlisted feature that I was happy to have learned is that you can set exactly where you want the Slick Nut to lay on the threads and it will stay . That means that if you would normally screw the wingnut tight and choke the cymbal , you can push the Slick Nut all the way down before releasing the button . if you want some room for the cymbal to move freely , just leave some room . I have 5 drum kits . I 'll be buying these for all of my kits .
 Reviews i 've read said `` Cut the Cymbal Sleeves Down '' ... I just removed the small felt attached to the Slick Nut and continued to use my standard chunky Pearl felts -LRB- Pearl felts easily cover the plastic sleeve -RRB- !!! 1 -RRB- Remove the felt attached to the Slick Nut .2 -RRB- Abandon all ` sleeve-trimming devices ' .3 -RRB- With the Slick Nut felt removed , place your Chunky felt on top of the Cymbal , then place Slick Nut on top and release the button to secure the Slick Nut & Cymbal to the cymbal post!You 're done ... These little suckers are good to go * NO further modifications required * ... I hope this is helpful?Slick Nuts are Awesome and Very Highly Recommended !!!!
 Just got these and put them on my stands . No more twisting the cymbal wing nuts off , dropping them , looking for them , or losing them . These cymbal toppers are the best . Solid construction , heavy duty , easy to adjust and with one hand can take my cymbals off in a breeze . I 'll never go back to wing nuts again . I recommend this product 100 % . My drum buddies are going to be so jealous !
 Got this to get free shipping but after I used it its really cool better than the Pearl thing just push the button and adjust to any tighness .
 Get them , use them , fight off the other drummers who want them . OH and guitar players look at them like a pig looking at a watch and CAN NOT understand why a drummer likes them . Definite style points ...
 ok so i am stuck on rovner ligatiure the only kind i will use they fit well hold the reed well and just are all around so much easier and better fit than a metal ligature the sound is very mellow
 The Rovner Ligature works very well . The single tightening screw is convenient , and it holds the reed in place without damaging the reed like some of the metal ligatures do . I 'd highly recommend this product .
 This ligature is well worth the price I paid for it . Over the past several years , I have played bass clarinet using several different ligatures , some of which I paid more than 3 times as much for . This Rovner ligature is definitely one of the best , and I would definitely recommend it to everyone .
 I thought my troubles with getting a decent tone out of my worthless , but faithful Beucher Lowtone was solved when I discovered that Beschler made a mouthpiece specifically for the long discontinued instrument . But that was only the beginning of my problems . I spent quite a bit of time trying to find a ligature that actually fit , let alone one that added anything to the quality of sound . The Rovner is a revelation . It can be set two different ways . The bright tone is very usable , while the dark tone is quite haunting . My horn was transformed from marginal to compelling . -LRB- It 's hard to believe that anyone else out there is searching Amazon for C-melody ligatures , but if by any chance you 're in that boat , here 's a good way to go . -RRB-
 I am glad I finally decide to try it - it is the best ligature ! do not wait long to try one -
 I am new to saxophone , and I purchased this ligature because I had success with a Rovner clarinet ligature . I think Rovner makes good products can improve your sound over standard metal ligatures.I am content with this ligature , but I think I would purchase one of the Versa models if I did it again , because the Versa models can be adjusted to help create different tones . The 2R give a full centered tone , but I would have enjoyed seeing if the Versa could help create a brighter tone.One helpful reminder with these ligatures ... Rovner recommends that the metal fittings receive a drop of key oil or household oil -LRB- even cork grease could work -RRB- , otherwise the sound may go dull -- I found this to be true for my 2R ligature .
 Good dark tone , makes midrange more difficult to play , but that is n't too big of an issue . Great for a tenor sax in a concert band .
 I have been playing my `` Dean Tradition Acoustic Guitar , Exotic Birds Eye Maple '' ever since I received it this evening ; I 've taken a break to upload some pictures and write an initial review.It is a very attractive instrument...well-constructed with nice details ... and has decent action & volume ... its pitch is somewhat bright , which I like , as it provides a contrast to my warmer cedar-top Seagull.Here are Dean 's specifications , directly from their web site : `` TRADITION EXOTIC * Solid Spruce Top * 5 Body Types Available -LRB- see below -RRB- * 25-1/2 '' Scale * Mahogany Neck * Rosewood Fingerboard * Pearl Dot Inlays * Sealed Die Cast Tuners * Celluloid Binding * Woodcut Mosaic Rosette * Finishes
 This is an excellent digital piano ! A few things to keep in mind
 As an owner of several keyboards - from expensive to cheap , I 'd finally decided to invest in one that might deliver action * just * like you 'd get with a real piano . Something I 'd been seeking for a while.I 'd done some research and it seemed like such a keyboard was fairly expensive . I kept reading about the PX500 as a possible man for the job - eventually I caved without ever playing it in person ... Firstly it 's all true - I grew up with standard uprights and plonked occasionally on a grand - and this is as close as you can get especially for the price.When you press a key it ` feels ' real . It sounds real too . Obviously orientated towards piano it includes the full range of such sounds - from grand to electric to honky-tonk to synth . All at a key press - we 're not talking GM here either ; it 's built in-accurate pressure-based stuff . Of course it has GM too - along with a surprisingly non-tinky set of pre-programmed tunes and rhythms . In fact I was amazed at the variety of songs included -LRB- as well as a nice stave song book -RRB- . It 's learning-options , both left and right hands can be separated , suggests a keyboard for the newbie - but really it 's a nice after-thought for the rest of the family who probably do n't play.All said and done , this IS the keyboard I wanted - its built in speakers have sufficient bass to not warrant external components and the sounds it makes are 100 % real . The seemingly sing-a-long pre-programmed songs and optional lights on the keys are mere icing on an amazing cake . If you want a REAL piano action with a REAL piano sound then this is THE keyboard to get - especially for the price .
 There is a way to hook up the PX-500L to an external amplifier ... feed the headphone output to the line input or aux . input of an external amplifier .
 This is the first digital piano I 've owned after an early '90s keyboard . Needless to say this is awesome . The sensitivity is great and it sound like a real piano . I think you can tell the difference , but through midi you really ca n't . That 's the best part , but the next best is that the keys are lighted and you can play any of the 80 or so songs , classical and pop , one note at a time to learn them . Great price for an even better digital piano .
 After spending weeks researching a new keyboard that could last me a lifetime , I came upon this keyboard . Before this keyboard I had been a piano man and was looking for a keyboard that felt and sounded just like a real piano . This keyboard did just that . Besides being a full 88 keys , all keys are also weighted so it feels exactly like a real piano feels when you press keys . The keyboard also uses sound files that are recorded rather then produced through midi , meaning it 's core instruments actually sound exactly like the real instruments they 're named after -LRB- except for the guitar -RRB- . This keyboard also has light up keys and built in songs , meaning you can learn many classics from this keybard . You can also record in your own songs , and besides observing which keys you pressed and listening to both recordings at once , you can speed up or decrease the tempo by pressing a few buttons if you want . This is the best keyboard I have ever found in all my searching , and while it may be a bit expensive , it can easily take the place of a real piano -LRB- which would be much more expensive -RRB- . The keyboard also has two headphone jacks and two midi jacks and has the capability of producing enough sound to be a reliable piano in a concert . Whether you just want a keyboard to play on your own or to play with in a band or in concert , I definitely suggest this one . You 'll be amazed with all of its features .
 See reviews of the Px-100 , it 's the same except with lighting . The lighting is cool , but the only annoying thing is that there is no way to turn it off permanantly . Everytime you turn it off and turn it on again , by default it stays on . The other thing that is relatively cheap is that the music stand is cheap plastic and is not tall enough to support sheets of music . Otherwise , everything else is gravy .
 This keyboard really did spark a frenzy around me . Once I bought this thing , the interest in playing piano and even playing our bigger piano in the house has increased dramatically . Everytime friends come over , they all want to play the keyboard because of how fun it is.This is a really great keyboard for beginners and advanced players alike and just provides hours of fun . Sound is pretty good as it gives you the sound of the key depending on how hard you depress the keys . Only complaints is that when playing a song , it would have been nice if there were a button to allow the user to rewind 5 seconds or so to practice portions of the song piece by piece . Unfortunately , this keyboard makes you play the whole song from beginning to end , not really letting each segment sink in . Also , it would have even been nicer if there were some sort of numbering system where the keys would light up along with what finger you use to depress that key . It would greatly help beginners figure out how to position your fingers better . Of course since many of the songs you have to figure out yourself , it would have been at least nice to do it for some of the easier songs.All in all , it 's a very impressive keyboard that makes piano fun . Something great to do while taking a break from studying or working in the house .
 There are plenty of professional synthesizers on the market . Pro gear , semi professional and beginner 's level . This one is in the middle range as to its technical capabilities and in the highest range as to its value for money . The good sides are plenty :1 -RRB- you can load into the synth new sounds transformed from standard wav files and the synth has in-built sound editing capabilities ; 2 -RRB- new sounds and effects constantly emerge from the Casio music site ; 3 -RRB- the synth has a good many keys -LRB- light keys , unfortunately -RRB- spanning 5 + octaves , two programmable wheels , audio/midi ports ; 4 -RRB- the sounds are very very good -LRB- especially the organ sounds -RRB- ; 5 -RRB- the price compared to competitors such as Yamaxa or Roland is simply marvellous . The drawbacks as I see them are mainly related to the software which accompanies and supports the keyboard , namely
 to save space and time , mine as well as yours , let 's view the good and the not so good sides , features and capabilities -LRB- one can not call them altogether bad -RRB- of the keyboard.In the good to excellent range
 This keyboard is not a toy , but it 's not the expensive Performance keyboard either . It uses Smart Media or floppy disk for storage , and feeds into your computer via a Midisport Uno plug . The keyboard comes with a power cord . I added a sustain pedal -LRB- the keyboard allows you to program it for other functions as well -RRB- , for $ 30.00 , the Midisport Uno plug , and headphones -LRB- with the larger jack -RRB- . You may also need a keyboard stand and a case if you want to tote it.The primary purpose for us getting the keyboard was to feed into Finale for song-writing/arranging . It works fine . We 've also created song tracks and look forward to discovering what else it will do.It is not designed to teach people how to play . This is good . I 'm a piano teacher , and I think music should be taught by people , not machines . But it does display the location of pitches played both on the keyboard and on the grand staff , so it 's useful for beginning students who want to check their accuracy.The salesman at Guitar Center told me the Zpi sound chip was taken from a $ 2000 performance keyboard . And if you do n't like the sounds it 's set with -LRB- 300 of them -RRB- , you can create your own with the sound synthesizer , or split the keyboard to play two at once . When recording your own songs , it allows up to 6 different tracks , including a rhythm track with 139 different rhythm options , and space to create and save 16 more of your own . The organ drawbar feature lets you create your own organ sounds as well .
 This is as pro as you can get at this price . I am really glad I bought this one .
 Casio WK-3700
 Really cool cymbal , its a good addition to my existing gear . Really short and crispy , great for Electronic music , but I 'm sure you can find more ideas with this cool sound .
 This is my first case , and it seems to fulfill my needs . I usually carry my guitar around to my lessons and back .
 This is a great product and well worth the money I spent for it . It is heavy-duty and I like the pockets on the outside . I feel like I got a great deal .
 The gig bag is really nice . My epiphone hummingbird fits in nicely and is kept safe . The material is heavy . The bag has some nice pouches on the front to keep tuners , picks and some music sheets . Great for the price !
 this is the second one of these I purchased.Pleanty of room in the main part for the guitar and other pockets formusic , picks , etc. . Priced right and made of good durable materials that will last.Recommended for those of you taking lessons or storing your guitar.You wo n't be dis-appointed
 I recently bought this bag and have been using it mostly for safe storage - and it works great for that . The bag is padded enough that it is protected from minor disturbances - the kind that could happen around the house . If you are looking for a bag to travel from gig to gig and walk around with , this probably is n't the bag for you . It does n't feel very durable , I 'm not sure how long the stitching would last being carried around all the time.However , for 20 bucks this is a great buy if you plan on using it to keep your guitar unscratched while it sits there waiting for you to play it .
 Very sturdy and lots of room . Every acoustic guitar I have used it for fits no problem .
 This item is perfect for what I was looking for ... Great price as well ... Thank you for the quick service .
 Amazon and their partner pointing fingers at eachother as to why - but I never got this bag.They did finally stop pointing fingers at each other and give me a refund , but it took a couple of weeks and should never have happened . I got fed up having one say they placed the order and the other saying they had no order - even though they had charged my credit card for it ... I ended up ordering the bag through another vendor , got it within 4 days and I 'm using it . It 's durable , well made and does the job for me .
 I mean , obviously any hardshell case is more effective protection , but for the money -LRB- a measly $ 20 ! -RRB- you get a solid case for your axe ! I carry my Takamine S35 Jasmine around in this case , and they must have literally been built for each other it fits so perfectly!A worthy purchase for anyone who needs inexpensive transportation of their instrument .
 Bag has durable construction and is well padded to protect the guitar . It has a nice handle and also padded backpack style straps that work well . The bag has a zipper pocket and also a large pocket covered with a flap . The flap is held shut with a plastic snap buckle . The pocket is large enough to hold a music book and also has several smaller pockets under the main flap for pens , guitar pics , small notebook , calculator etc. . Low price makes this case a bargain .
 I ordered this product , but received a different item by mistake . When I explained this condition in my feedback -LRB- never thinking my feedback could help me get a new guitar case that would fit my guitar -RRB- , a manager at Musician 's Friend contacted me and offered they would help me with this case . They finally sent me a new guitar case which is perfect for my guitar at no additional cost ! I would like to say thanks to Musician 's Friend for their awesome customer service !
 very pleased with the sturdyness of the bag and the amount of storage capacity for assesories . good buy .
 I bought this for my teenage son and it has held up well with all of the hauling -LRB- lessons , school , events , etc. -RRB- . Good quality and a good price .
 This bag fits my Jasmine Takamine perfectly , and holds the strings in the exterior pockets along with picks and my other little gizmos . The padding is decent and seems satisfactory . Unfortunately my sudden burst of desire to learn guitar died out pretty quick , but that 's where the handy dandy plastic loop on top comes in handy . It now collects dust hanging on my wall . For the price , I approve .
 This case is light and easy to carry due to multiple straps . IS sturdy , yet padded to protect the guitar . Also , has a lot of storage for picks , notebooks , etc. .
 Musician 's Friend ships orders very quickly and I got this bag together with my new dreadnought guitar within 3 days . This bag is really well priced -LRB- $ 15 -RRB- so it 's a great deal . It is built with very sturdy nylon which protects the guitar well . The nylon is not very thick -LRB- about a quarter-inch -RRB- , but it gets the job done . It also has nice shoulder straps to allow carrying the guitar over your back . The only weakness is that it does not have many/good pocket compartments . It has a large pocket but the pocket cover is not tightly closed - it 's closed with a strap , so things could fall out if you somehow get the bag upside down . It also has a smaller pocket on top of the larger pocket - this pocket has a zipper and things will not fall out . Overall a great bag for the price .
 Got the bag as a gift and it works just fine . Quality is good and it 's padded enough to keep guitar and car interior safe from scratches and bruises . The backpack straps are nice as well , very helpful for kids carrying a full-size guitar around .
 I just received this product today . I was rather satisfied by the sturdiness of the bag . It has padding and multiple straps . I especially like this bag because the straps make transporting my guitar very easy and comfortable . If you 're on a budget and need a bag . This is a great deal .
 I bought this case in order to hold my acoustic guitar , and I am very pleased with it . It 's built very well and is durable . The padding is a little thin , but it does the job . The straps and pockets are very nicely designed . I would recommend this bag to anyone who needed to carry an acoustic guitar .
 This is a pretty good case ! Great price . The shipping was amazing . It took about 3 days for normal shipping . I like all the pockets and such . Pretty good .
 I ordered this item on the 31st , and recieved it on the 2nd !!! Very good buy on the Gig Bag , and the quick delivery was a pleasent suprise . Thank You !
 This bag is great , nicely constructed , useful , not beautiful . I fold it in half and store it under the couch when my guitar is on it 's stand . It will hold everything I need and more . It came with a slice from a box cutter and the company took care of sending me a new one and paying for the return of the damaged one in a timely manner .
 Fantastic ! I love all the extra pockets , and the straps . It 's simple , black , and great quality considering the price !
 I purchased this bag as a gift after looking online at many different options . It is a good sturdy bag with padding all around for extra protection . And if for any reason you are unable to carry your guitar with your hands -LRB- on crutches , have other things to carry , etc. -RRB- , the backpack straps come in very handy ! It is pretty comfortable to wear and the guitar feels very light inside .
 I have n't put a guitar in it yet -LRB- I have n't gotten mine , it 's still being shipped -RRB- , but it 's not going to affect my review . The padding is reasonably thick , I 'm not worried about my guitar being damaged by light bumps.The storage space for extra strings/cords/etc is more than twice as much as my bass bag -LRB- it might help that it has two pouches though , which also give more padding for the body of the guitar -RRB- , so whenever I bring both of my instruments with me somewhere I will be putting most of the stuff in this bag rather than my bass bag . It also has some slots for pens -LRB- or pen-shaped objects -RRB- and other stuff ; the storage space itself makes up most of the value of this bag . I think this is the best selling point.The backpack-style straps are also really nice , you ca n't tell from the picture but it does have two straps -LRB- that 's one of the things I was n't sure about when I bought it -RRB- . The straps are sooooo comfortable , and wo n't leave your shoulders sore before a gig so you wo n't be hurting the whole time -LRB- unless you have a guitar made of lead , then the comfort of the straps wo n't do much =P -RRB- . The side of the strap that contacts your shoulders is a really soft cloth , which feels nice to the touch.Something else not show in the picture is a strip of that reflective stuff so people in cars will see you walking along the side of the street in the middle of the night -LRB- who does this though , idk , but it 's there if you need it ! -RRB- and a little rubber badge of the company who made the bag on the top pouch.To close , I have n't found any stray threads or anything , it 's been really well made , and I would highly recommend this bag . I 'm sure there are probably very few bags that are as good as or better than this , some with more padding , and one I even know that will hold two guitars . But these are more expensive , and if you want to go that all-out on a bag you might as well get a case . Great deal for the price !
 GIG BAG FEATURE + SCHOOL -LRB- GREAT BOOK SPACE -RRB- + TRAVELING TO GIGS -LRB- LOT OF SPACE FOR EFFECT PEDALS , CABLES , PEDAL BOARDS ETC. . -RRB- + PROTECTION -LRB- GREAT PADDING AND WATER RESISTANT -RRB- GREAT BUY
 We bought two of these , one for each of our sons . These are really nicely made , with plenty of room for accessories , music , pencils/pens , whatever you 'd need to carry along with you . Sraps and stitching are solidly done , no cheap material , nicely padded .
 Received the gig bag today and was quite impressed by it . My little gibson fits well in it and seems protected enough . It has enough storage space for a lot of extra items you might need to carry with you . I have a tuner , headphone amp , a set of portable speakers , strap , amp chord , sheet music , and a few other misc . items in it already . There plenty of room for more stuff . I 'm pretty sure this bag will be well worth the 20 dollars .
 Has n't fallen apart on me yet ! Going over a little 2 years now . Decent amount of space for other nick nacks such as your capos , wires , picks , etc. . It 's simple and practical.There is a plastic logo sown on the front . It does n't show on the picture supplied and really does n't effect that look that much . But I do n't like that they hid it . :-RRB- 4 Stars !
 This bag was a great value . It arrived very quickly and met all my expectations and more . It has held up very well with frequent use !
 This is well made and very convenient to have . It makes carrying the guitar a lot less bulky ! Great price too .
 I was searching for a trumpet case for my daughter . I bought Wolf Pak brand -LRB- it was much cheaper -RRB- and my daughter 's trumpet did n't fit ! So , I had to return it . What my daughter wanted was light weight but strong and have option to be a back pack . Protec website had a lot of photos of this case and that helped me to decide . My daughter loves this case ! I hope this will last longer than her original case -LRB- 3 years on the last one -RRB- . I gave 4 stars because I had to purchase separately for the back pack option . I wish it was built-in . It does come with a shoulder strap though . So far no complaint . Great case .
 I got this for my 13 year old son and he really love it ! He tends to be rough with his things and so far this case is holding up great ! I would recommend its a great buy !!
 I personally love this case . It is a tad bulky , but it does n't bother me too much . The case smelled and still smells a bit like Dark Chocolate ? I 'm not sure why , but hey , I 'm not going to complain . No room for much of anything other than the instrument , and small supplies such as a brush or some valve oil , but seeing as I already had a mute bag , this did n't bother me either . Very Sturdy , and looks/feels like it could take quite a fall and will still completely protect the instrument . For a single trumpet bag , I highly recommend this bag .
 I just bought this pop filter and after the first use it lives up to what it 's supposed to do and it 's not very expensive so all around a great buy . I will admit I had to maneuver the clip to get it in the perfect position in front of my Yeti USB mic but the clip swivels around so I was able to get it just right . No slipping while recording or anything like that.I got what I paid for . Very happy : -RRB-
 Not much to this , which is good . Does what it should and attaches easily with no issues . I 've used it with Snowballs and a number of other mics .
 It works pretty good . I plan to use it to record vocals for a music project I 'm doing . :-RRB- : -RRB-
 I bought this pop filter for a a small home recording setup which includes a Behringer C-1 Condenser Microphone , Behringer Xenyx 302 Mixer , and a Stage Rocker Tripod Boom Mic Stand.I was looking to buy solid equipment on a budget of &#60; $ 140 for the purposes of recording voice for podcasts and interviews , primarily.I 'm not a sound expert , but in the test recordings I have made so far , the filter seems to work as intended . It has a nice clip which works well on the boom stand . It 's not a complaint , really , but in my initial uses so far , I notice that the adjustable neck could stay put a little better than it does .
 This filter is absolutely wonderful ! We use this filter regularly for voice-overs for videos and slide shows that we upload to youtube . We highly recommend this filter . : -RRB-
 perfectly flexible and durable . easy assembly and proffesional . Id recommend this to anyone strapped for cash who 's looking to put together a home studio .
 this is a great pop filter , u would maybe want to use a Blueball Mricrophone though . But all together a great filter .
 I received the case included with the purchase of my Seagull Artist Burst . Having had an expensive , heavy hard case for most of my life , the case was very different.Good : - Extremely light . The weight is comparable to a padded gig case , but still provides much more protection from impact.-No hard edges . I put the guitar in the backseat and I 've scratched up the inside/oustide my car from handling the hard case with metal hinges . This case is light and has no hinges , which mean it 's easy on your car.Bad : - The internal compartment cover is a bit loose and cheap . I put my polish cloth below the neck to keep the cover closed.-The guitar is a * bit * loose inside the bag . Not loose enough to knock the guitar around but it 's not real tight like my old case.-The canvas cover zipper is the only thing that 's keeping the case closed . It 's not air-tight enough to maintain the humidity.Verdict : Even though I listed three bad things and only two good things , I ended up selling my old , more expensive hard case and kept this one . The lightness and soft edges all around just over-weighed the bad by far . I highly recommend anyone to check out the case . For some people who are very meticulous about caring for their guitar , this case may not be for you . But for everyone else who needs to carry the guitar around in their car , this case is the best I was able to find so far .
 I recognize that different people have different experiences with products and thus differing opinions . I 've seen the less than stellar reviews of the Seagull Deluxe Tric guitar cases on Amazon . My experience with these cases , however , has been quite positive . I have two of them -LRB- plus three of the standard Tric cases Seagull manufactures -RRB- , and in the year I 've used them have had no problems with them at all . I especially like the Deluxe 's design and appearance . The extra storage capacity the pouch on the exterior provides is great . The combination zipper-and-Velcro closure secures the guitar inside nicely . I keep a humidity gauge inside the case and have had no concerns about humidity/temperature extremes . I highly recommend this product , and if I ever buy another Godin family guitar I will also buy one of these cases in which to cradle my latest acquisition .
 People are like , `` what , FOAM ?? `` Yes , but not styrofoam . It 's the same material that is behind a car bumper . It is a very durable , , high-density , shock-absorbing foam meant to last forever . It is also sprayed with a nice , durable coating and looks nice in person . Plus , it 's darn near as light as a padded gig-bag ! That 's its biggest selling point
 I bought this online -LRB- sight unseen -RRB- from a music store out of wisconsin for sixtyy fivee dollarss and had guitar I purchased delivered in it , to North Carolina . Both guitar and case arrived without a scratch or dent . going by the stock photo , I assumed this was a standard hard shell case , I was quite surprised to see the case is actually made out of a soft , spongy styrofoam material , which they call EPP . Similar to what boogie boards are made of.I was told by the guy at the store over the phone that the temp inside the case does not fluctuate more than 4 degrees , so long as temp outside remains between -50 deg c to 50deg c . This is great if you travel in a hot car during the summer -LRB- which I do not plan on -RRB- . I have not had a chance to test it out with a therometer yet.My only concern is that if you have a cat , he may use this as a scratching post or a dog or puppy that likes to chew -LRB- not kidding -RRB- . Has n't happened to me but I defintily can see it happening . I give this five stars . Even though , its not what I expected -LRB- styrofoam -RRB- . I would have preferred to have an actual hard plastic case but the styrofoam case works , is built well and not too expensive .
 I purchased this product and the only reason i didnt rate it 5 stars is because I had to send the first one back because it was defective . One speaker was low sound and one of the aux ports did n't work . Amazon 's return process was excellent and replacement was lightning fast . Honestly , I thought it was going to be a hassle to return but I have to say I was impressed . Once I received the 2nd unit it worked fantastic . Easy to use/setup , convenient beyond measure and has great sound quality . I would definitely recommend it for any one that does small to medium venues . It accomodated all of my peripherals with ease and I love that it 's self contained , packs up neatly and you are on your way . Was n't too heavy yet sound quality was that of a much larger system . I have n't used it at a larger venue yet but I am confident it would get the job done . Definitely pleased so far .
 This is the best portable PA I have ever used . I have 5 PA Systems , but I use this one the most . It is light , powerful and does medium size clubs effortlessly . I will probably be buying another one soon . CDs , mp3s and all devices sound great through it . -LRB- Mics also -RRB-
 Have been using this series of stili for almost 20yrs . It produces a clean/clear sound . I will keep using them until they stop making them . Reccommended purchase .
 I bought this Protec Contoured PRO PAC French Horn Case -LRB- Standard -RRB- for my son , who plays a Conn 8D . This case replaces a very beat up hard-shell MTS case that had broken latches and damaged aluminum edging -LRB- where the clam-shells come together -RRB- . My son 's main complaint about the hard shell case was that it was difficult to carry for long distances -LRB- he walks about a mile to school with the horn -RRB- . His second complaint was that the latches barely held together , and frequently popped loose.I chose this Protec horn case for several reasons : It has a shoulder strap.It has an internal hard , wooden shell.It fits a Conn 8D . It uses a zipper instead of clasps.The shoulder strap was perfect for carrying the horn to school . No complaints about the portage any more.The internal hard shell is made of contoured wood . This adds weight but also very important , and required , protection . This wood shell is surrounded by a durable nylon skin , and there 's padding inside -LRB- around the horn -RRB- . This case is not a gig-bag -- it provides much more protection . Time will only tell how this bag holds up . When the concert band plays concerts at various venues , the horn is put in the luggage compartment of the tour bus or trailer along with all the other instruments . That is where the true test of strength and durability will be . And we wo n't know how this case holds up for another few years.It fits the Conn 8D very nicely . It 's snug , but in time the padded interior will conform to the horn perfectly . There 's no slop -- the horn does not move inside the case.It uses a zipper instead of clasps to close the clam-shell . This horn is accessed two or three times per day , and that 's not a lot of wear on a zipper . Only after a few years will we know how durable it truly is . The only downside to the zipper is that it must be completely unzipped to open the clam-shell . Clasps are quicker to unlatch & latch .
 This is an excellent case for the protection of your expense french horn , I would recommend this case to anyone who wants to protect their french horn . It is a little heavy , it comes with a padded shoulder strap that helps and has attachments for a backpack harness -LRB- additional cost -RRB- . It weighs 9lbs empty so once you get the horn in it and a few supplies you can add a few pounds . Brasswinds and Woodwinds is a great company to work with via internet or by phone , would recommend them highly !
 My son has a high quality horn that is well protected in the Pro-Tec horn case . We got the back-pack straps and now he 's hands free to manage his bookpack and lunch bag . You wo n't be disappointed with this case .
 This is an excellent case and well worth the money . I bought it for my $ 6000 Kruspe . If really pads the horn and protects it while travelling . It also holds the horn in the correct storage position so the water drains out of the valves .
 so far it hasnt busted compared to pacific heads that i originally had . And it sounds great for the price
 I bought this and a few others to replace some old clear bottoms on a used kit . Now they look and sound brand new . Remos will dent , but I have yet to punch through one , despite trying .
 REMO PRODUCTS ARE THE STANDARD OF EXCELLENCE , I HAVE NEVER HAD A PROBLEM WITH THESE TYPES OF HEADS EVER . I WILL KEEP USING THEM UNTIL SOMETHING BETTER COMES ALONG . I ` AM USING THESE HEADS FOR A TIMBALE APPLICATION AND I LOVE THE WAY THAT THEY RESONATE . IN A LIVE SETTING YOU CA N'T BEAT THE PUNCH AND CRACKS THESE HEADS GIVE OUT . BUY THEM , YOU WO N'T BE DISAPPOINTED . &#9835; &#9835;
 For a product of its price it does what it needs to do . I 'd recommend it for home recordings ... great purchase ...
 I have to admit , I 'm a bit of a newbie when it comes to condenser mics , but the moment I plugged this thing in I fell in love with it . I quickly discovered that pop filters are a MUST , but the sound reproduction is incredible as is its sensitivity ! It even picked up my office chair creaking as I moved on it ! I would happily buy another one if the need arose . Build quality is awesome and it even comes with its own protective carry bag and a great shock mount . For the money , you ca n't go wrong in my opinion .
 Great product . But need to buy a cable that is not supplied . Should have known when ordering there was no cable .
 Great mic . I love the sound quality that thia mixc gives me . I take it to the other studio that I use
 This is a very big upgrade from my sampson G-track . I love how the cardioid pattern only picks up the sounds i want to . Very nice mic . Get it !!
 After researching for recording microphones for a home recording situation and considering the MXL 990 as well , I opted to get a pair of GXL2200s for recording piano and vocals . Later , I tried recording acoustic guitar as well . The GXL2200s are large diaphragm mics whereas the MXL 990 may not be.First off , these are not professional grade and are priced accordingly . If you want professional grade microphones , you might consider buying professional grade equipment to go with them starting with the preamps . In that case , your budget is more than mine . < grin > So , how well does it work ? I partnered them up with a 2 stage stands , ART Pre 2 USB preamp and an XP laptop running Audacity.Piano
 This mic is really good for the money . Bought for the bf and he says it has great quality sound . Records over tracks with it and he is pleased .
 Bought this mic to record straight to my pc through a mixer board . Sounds AMAZING ! With studio headphone , i can hear so much clarity . Get a pop filter and a mic stand and you 're all set .
 It 's probably not the best mic but if you 're using a built in laptop mic to record with , this is definitely a big step up .
 i bought this about 4 days ago it is already here hooked it up to my preamp and it had a lot of static then i blew into the input holes and it sounded great i also bought it cuz im upgrading from a cad u37 usb mic very good to highly recommended
 Let me first off say I am not using this for any sort of production , but actually a gaming mic . I am able to talk into the mic from 5 feet away and my friends can hear me very clearly.This stand works pretty good for the mic , it allowed it to fit on my desk out of the way : http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002GXYVO/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i02I know my review does n't have much information , but this is a great valued mic , and for most low budget applications I am sure this will be an awesome mic . Just make sure you have 48v phantom power , and hopefully a balanced XLR pre amp .
 Good microphone . It has Great quality , also a nice price . Looking for a great microphone for a reasonable price and great sound . Will recommend this for recording .
 I read about the CAD GXL 2200 Microphone from a -LSB- ... -RSB- . It is a microphone that is not too expensive and has a great sound .
 So impressed with this Microphone . Very clean pickups . Recommended for any project in studio environment both singing and for speaking . Exceptional manufacturing for the money and looks sharp . This is not the kind of microphone I would use in a live environment but is perfect for a home studio etc. . My only recommendation to folks who might be building a home studio is make sure to pick up a good tube amp and pop filter it will really help make this beauty shine .
 Fancy huh ? Yes it is . Sound quality is great . You have to know which other programs to use in order for the sound result to be acceptable . It 's not just &#34; the mic &#34; that makes the sound great .
 microphone is working good . . i have no problem with it so far ... its the best thing for me to record keep selling products like this
 My son and his friends have used this to make and record music and my son loves this ! He would buy it again !
 i love it was good but something was missing but i had an extra peace so it was allright thank u thou came quick
 This is a really really nice and versatile microphone for the price ! It feels nice and heavy , the shock mount is solid and the capsule is a nice gold diaphragm . Upon hooking it up to my preamp -LRB- YES YOU NEED AN EXTERNAL POWER SUPPLY FOR CONDENSER MICS ... -RRB- it worked ! The mid 's sound strongest , however it has a nice all-round pickup . It is def . going to be my back-up microphone for recording covers and songs . My other more expensive pressure gradient mic will handle the real recordings ; though the GXL2200 is more than enough to handle to podcast , talk , sing for your friends and quick records , and looks great and expensive ! It is studio material however just below that , so BUY IT ! you really ca n't beat the price ! If I also may , take a look at GXL3000 if you have the budget , as well as MXL Marshall Electronics Mics ; they also are budget and while they range 70-300 + , they are much more professional in sound quality in my opinion
 I bought two of these a number of years ago and use it to record instruments -LRB- clarinet , saxophone etc. -RRB- as well as vocals . The sound is warm , transparent , and very life-like . I 've also used them for recording voice-over for a documentary . They 've held up very well and I very happy with how well they work for me.When these microphones are positioned fairly close to the speakers -LRB- with the microphone is facing away from the speakers -RRB- the directional sensitivity -LRB- cardioid pickup pattern -RRB- is such that there is no feedback at all . Like most condenser microphones these requires 48v standard `` phantom power '' . After a few years the shock-mount rubber bands deteriorated and I e-mailed CAD customer support to inquire about purchasing replacements , but to my surprise , they simply mailed me a double set of replacements at no charge right away.Now , is this any way to run a company ??? You bet it is , because they 've made a friend and booster for life.In summary , these microphones will let you make superb recordings of a large variety of musical instruments including vocals .
 I 'm a big fan of how technology can help the ` average man ' do things that used to be reserved for professionals . A friend and I got to talking about a hobby we both enjoy , and decided to start a podcast . My first ` solution ' was to buy a USB mic . After some inconsistency issues , I returned it and pondered going the XLR route after a friend recommended CAD mics to me.Once the mic arrived , I plugged everything in and read some content from wikipedia as a test . I was impressed with the mics balance of clarity of voice capture and richness . The USB mics I was looking at seemed to offer either somewhat muddy richness -LRB- AT2020USB -RRB- , or characterless clarity -LRB- Blue Yeti -RRB- . I was n't looking for a mic that distorted my voice , but I also wanted one that accentuated my voice.As we 've been recording our podcast , my friend and I have n't noticed a tremendous difference between the CAD GXL2200 and a slightly more expensive AKG mic we borrowed . I 've since purchased another CAD GXL2200 so we have the same mics.Pros : - 1 '' diaphragm - Included shock mount - Nice balance of clarity and richness in recording voice - Internal high-pass filter , great if you want/need it for your use - Sharp look , in my opinion of courseCons : - Comes with a bag for the mic , but no storage for the shock mount . Not a huge deal because of cost , but even a small bag would be nice for protection - Build quality of the body is just ok . Once I unscrewed the bottom to access the internal high-pass filter , the body did n't seem to line up right when put back together , and some of the information printed on the mic wore off . No performance issues whatsoever , just something I noticedWhile I 'm no professional when it comes to recording audio or critiquing the final output , I am very satisfied with the CAD GXL2200 , and would suggest it to anyone who wants to start a podcast or do some basic voice recording .
 I like this microphone so much for my home studio podcasting and voice work that this is the second one I 've purchased . And for an odd reason - this one is about 4 years later than the first - this seems to sound a wee bit better . Plus it 's a sharp-looking silver . Nice.For the price , if you want a condenser mike - you ca n't go wrong with this .
 This microphone is decent , probably the best for its price . Tweak the eq and the compressor , you will get a very decent sound via this mic.I used this for saxophone , vocal , and other instruments . Works great in all of them . Loving the way it looks.But the shockmount is cheaply made , but fairly reliable .
 I ordered this through Amazon as it is nearly half the price of what I would pay here in NZ for it . At first I thought there was a problem as it was very distorted and static sounding but I then realized I had to turn the gain way down as compared to using dynamic Mic 's when setting the input level in my DAW . This is my first experience with a condenser Mic and they are so sensitive at picking up the slightest sound . I recorded my guitar amp at about 5 feet away and if the mixer gain / guitar volume is too high and you hit the strings hard there is a sharp clipping that sounds horrible so care is needed on setting a very low input level . The recordings sound very natural and uncoloured . Recorded voice is really amazing sounding and crystal clear as compared to a dynamic AKG Mic Ive got.I experimented with my acoustic guitar as well and found with the Mic aimed towards the fingerboard about 3 feet away sounded very natural . I wondered if the GXL2400 was any better as it has much the same specs but hardly any reviews .
 If you are looking for a microphone for home recording and do n't want to break the bank , this microphone is for you . Add a Microphone stand and a XLR cable and you are good to go . This microphone has very clear , rich and accurate sound reproduction . The shock mount does a wonderful job keeping any minor vibrations out of the sound . Just like any Condenser Microphone , It picks up everything including sound reflections off walls.I am very pleased with this purchase and would recommend it to anyone who is creating a home recording studio and wants an inexpensive microphone to start out with . I also encourage anyone considering purchasing this item to look on youtube for some videos with examples of this microphone in action . As I was , I think you will also be amazed .
 This mic is one of the best mics I 've had so far . Works perfect with AA or Pro tools . Great for a small vocal studio/home studio . For all musicians looking for a good upgrade , this is the mic for you , Great crisp sound with low noise -LRB- practically no noise -RRB- . the mic is worth every penny you will not be disappointed .
 The reason I 'm writing a review is because I was not expecting much from this mic for under $ 50 . But I have to say , it performs pretty well . There 's some low sub 80hz warmness missing for my taste , but that 's easily adjusted with EQ . The big surprise is just how quiet it is . The signal to noise ratio is , I think , really nice , especially for a sub $ 50 mic . I 'm getting really intimate clean vocals with a noise floor that is just about zero . For $ 50 ? pretty awesome.While I 've only recorded vocals so far , this mic compares to some mics we have in the stable that sell for over $ 500 . Honestly , unless you need to impress clients with name brand U-87 's n such -LRB- which is the only time we pull those out at our studio anymore , BTW -RRB- , I 'd recommend giving this one a try . -LRB- oh - they sent me one in UNPAINTED silver . NOT BLACK . -LRB- Maybe the photo is supposed to be showing a black mic ? but it 's not black -RRB- I guess part of the cost cutting was just not painting it . But I actually kind of like the naked metal . Just FYI .
 I am just an amateur musician who does small projects at home for school and other activities on occasion , and this microphone is great for just such a thing . It offers a clear sound that most people would look for in a good microphone , and the quality is very nice.Few complaints : - The shock mount is horrible . If you 're planning on getting this microphone , also plan on buying a separate shock mount for it , because the one that comes with the package has terrible , loose screw mounts -LSB- it got stripped after I tried to tighten it a little bit -RSB- . - The microphone seems to pick up more highs than lows . It may also have to do with my particular recording techniques , but I 've never really had this problem with my other microphone , the Shure SM-57 . It seems to be more sensitive to highs than lows . If you get this microphone , experiment around with it a bit .
 This is a great mic at a great price ! I bought it with the intentions of better quality voice chatting on skype and recording vocals . It 's remained my favorite for that though ca n't say its my baby . I prefer most recordings to go with my SM57 but this is n't a review on that . If you need a good mic to record acoustics and vocals I 'd recommend this little guy .
 The microphone works great ! but the bolt on the mic holder broke within a month . . proving that duct tape really does fix ANYTHING .
 This mic is grate . . pics up grate sound and is what I was looking for a lil small in size but its all good cant beat price at all . . thanks
 I have been using my mic for a while and the sound quality is awesome ! There is no static and I come through perfectly clear . I use this mic to do my blogtalkradio shows and to pre-record shows in Audacity . I am using it along with the blue icicle usb adapter .
 Not much to say about this microphone , other than it meets/exceeds my expectations . . I am a novice at recording , so I have yet to experience it at it 's full potential , but it is a wonderfully nice sounding recording device . Would recommend for the price .
 Its a pretty nice mic if your trying to record something really quick . I have no complaints , but ita do just fine if your just starting off far as recording .
 I was hoping a cable would of came with it , but the mic and mount came looking brand new , i love how it looks cheap but it will last , could use more work on the mount tho
 got this mic on time and all i have to do is press the phantom button on my mixer and the mic work . . very goodi will recommend for other . . very sensitive .
 This is a great condenser microphone that is surprisingly inexpensive . I am going to compare it to the MXL 990 , which I also own and is its nearest competitor . I use this mic for podcasting and find it to be great , however it just does n't pick up the bass notes quite as well at the MXL . Though this simply does n't matter for the non Barry White 's out there . For $ 50 go for the CAD if you have $ 60 and have a bassy voice , the MXL is the way to go . If you happen to have a lot of rotating guests on your talksshow like myself then the CAD is a cheaper way to go and will do the job just fine .
 i recommend this too everyone that want great vocals its beautiful also !!! do n't listen to the negative feedback from others they 're use to 500 $ mic 's , this is fair for the price !!!!
 I ordered this mic mainly because of the great reviews that it has . I received it on time and I went directly to my recording studio to try it . I recorded an acoustic guitar track , and I was blown away !!! It sounds almost as good as my more expensive condensers . I did a couple of additional tracks with the mic , voice , and I miked my electric guitar , and end up with really good sound overall . The price does not justified the great sound on this thing . If you spare $ 50 bucks , get it while you can . Its great for Acoustics , vocals , wind Instruments and whatever you want to throw a it .
 I can not say enough good about this Mic I have been in radio for 20 years and have used about 10 differnt mics in that capcity I do not have the classic big radio voice so any help I can get is a blessing I plugged this mic in figuring I would have to labor through setting the EQ to get the most out of what I have but was I surprised when I put my headphones on and started testing it it gave a richness to my voice that I could not get with an RE 27 or an RE20 . it came packed good and the supplied shock mount is good and the whole thing not that it matters is very pretty in my studio !! so if you are looking for a great mic to do voice overs with you ca n't beat this one
 My daughter wanted to record her singing and read about this microphone . It came exactly as promised and is justwhat she wanted .
 The VL4 is a lot of fun ! I 've had mine for about 3 weeks now , so i 've had time to really use all the features . First , i 'll talk about the highlights . This product really makes your voice stand out . The compression works great and really brings your voice out of the mix . Even has a de-esser to remove the sibilant `` s '' sounds . The EQ is important for removing muddy mid frequency from your vocals which also helps to bring your voice out of the mix . The harmony works wonderfully and you can change the parameters in many ways . For example , let 's say you 're playing an A minor chord on your guitar , and singing an `` E '' . You can choose your harmony note to be either an A or a G , depending on whether you want a true 3rd above , or the note closest to a 3rd above which is also a note in the chord . You can also choose the VL4 to choose a harmony note in a predefined scale , rather than based on what you 're playing on the guitar . If you 're playing a song in the key of D Major , and there are no key changes in the song , and no chords that do not fit in the scale , then you can simply choose all your harmony notes to be in the key of D Major . The strength of the Music IQ feauture -LRB- harmony based on what you 're playing with the guitar -RRB- is when a song has key changes or chords which do not fit in the original scale . The reverb works great and you can change the predelay , decay , intensity , type -LRB- hall , studio , stage -RRB- and tone . The features which are not so great for vocals are the following :1 . pitch correction -- it does n't sound natural because the VL4 outputs both your original off-pitch voice and the pitch-corrected note , so it sounds like a doubling effect . Maybe if you really play around with the pitch correction parameters you 'll be able to get a more natural sound , but i have yet to achieve that .2 . delay -- if you can get the tempo of delay that you want , it works fine . The trouble is , the VL4 wo n't let you choose a fairly slow delay . So if you 're singing a slow-tempo song , you wo n't be able to get a delay of a quarter note or even an 8th note . The delay works best for achieving a doubling effect .3 . lead effects -- this effect lets you change the timbre of your voice , allowing it to sound deeper , more femminine , more Elvis-like , with vibrato , etc. . Actually , this feature can be useful and fun . But like the pitch correction , it does n't sound too natural . However , if used sparingly and in a song with complete backing music -LRB- bass , keyboards , etc -RRB- i think the audience would n't know any better.Now for the guitar effects -- reverb and chorus . I am very impressed with these ! It uses the same reverb settings as your vocals , but you can adjust how much of the reverb is going to the guitar . The chorus sounds realistic and can be adjusted to be obvious or not-so-obvious . You can get a great guitar sound with these 2 effects , but i 'd recommend running your guitar through a compressor and EQ to get a really clean sound.I 'd recommend the VL4 over the VL2 because of the extra vocal effects -LRB- they 're really useful -RRB- and because you can store changes to any presets , and with the step of the pedal , you can get your stored preferred settings . I think having 4 harmonic voices is overkill , but for the features i just mentioned , the VL4 is recommended over the VL2 .
 This is my second Digitech as my first was the VL2 which was pretty amazing . I looked at TC Helicon 's harmonizer but was put off by the manual , -LRB- and the price $ -RRB- which required a lot of preprogramming . Digitech has not had a great reputation for quality constructed products . Plastic does not survive well on the road . HOWEVER , I 've found the Vocalist Live 2 and 4 to be the exception . All metal chasis , the body is built like a tank.I 'm a solo act and only have one roadie to help set up . I am almost fanatical about keeping my gear and boxes clean and dust free . I also pack everything in padded flight cases for transport . So everything I have looks like I just brought it . The VL4 's harmonies are very realistic and easy to select when you use the presets . Really all you need to do is plug in your guitar and send a mono or stereo lines out to your PA or mixer . That 's it ! Engage the effects pedal and when you want the harmonies , step on the harmony pedal . Wow ! This thing is amazing and has really increased my enjoyment for singing and practicing.I 've never had a problem with any of my Digitech equipment , still , they could have done a little better with the knobs and thought to include an on and off switch . If something did n't work I would not hesitate to ship it back and get another . That has n't happened so I 'm hoping and praying I can keep playing for God 's glory ! Really , I am so thankful that this processor came along because after I started using it , I started getting more offers to play . The VL4 can add studio quality polish to your vocals and overall performance . This is a great harmonizer but make sure you buy from a reputable dealer , -LRB- do n't bother with floor samples or B-stock on sensitive units like these -RRB- , and pack it right for your gigs . You 'll be very happy with this box .
 I have played as a professinal single for many years . This little harmonizer put a big smile on my face from the first song I played with it . I spent about 2 weeks experimenting , practicing with it , and programing it to do what I want . Then I got serious and started adding it to my repitoire . It makes a big , big difference . I even introduce it to my audience in a joking way and they love it ! Here 's the way I use it ... Since I sit on a stool , I put a briefcase that I use to carry it in , under the harmonizer to raise it up to where I can comfortably reach it with my foot . I programed it to be on only when the switch is being held down . I take off my shoe so I can operate it with my stocking toe which I always leave resting on the switch . That way the harmonies come and go and the audience does not see what I 'm doing , even if they are looking right at it . Another trick I discovered is to put several layers of ruber bands around the three volume knobs . That way you can operate them with your toe in between tunes if you need to . -LRB- It would be a hassel to crawl down on the floor to do it by hand -RRB- . If anybody from the company reads this , `` please put bigger volume knobs with rubber on them on the next version '' . If you are a single , duo , or even a trio without professional quality backup vocals , I would definetly invest in this great product . But if you are a professional , be prepared to pratice with it , and tweak the programing before taking it to a professional gig . However the sound is so awesome , I even had a lot of fun doing the prepwork .
 I had one issue - the first one I bought lost the power supply in the first hour ! I looked at some reviews on the Internet and this seems to be common . That I do n't like . However , they replaced it right away , -LRB- Musician 's Friend -RRB- , and the new one seems to be OK so far.On the good side - I took this thing to an Easter get-together with family . Everyone was amazed ! They all had to try it , and it became like Karaoke . I would let them sing and would play with the effects . Even got our little niece to join in . It was a blast.So even if you 're not a professional singer , this can be fun to play with . Similar to Karaoke , everyone will want to try it ! Since I 'm not a professional guitar player , I have n't used it to it 's full potential yet , but as I get better this thing will be a lot of fun I can tell !
 This item is as good as other user reviews in various sites.Simple as plug an play to start.For those who like to sing for fun or personal leasure , or forproffessional sinnger who do individual singing stage performance , this product is for you.Very easy to operate , 50 presets from factory made you able to choice your vocal harmony taste , and if you have spare time and like to experimenting a bit , this thing offer wide possibility to accomodate your taste by tweaking existing presets and even save it with your own names of set.Great product .
 I got the Vocalist Live 4 a few weeks ago . Since I am not a full time vocalist it is extremely enjoyable to have my own back up singers that happen to sing extremely well in tune and with me . OK , so if you do a blind modulation with the musIQ running you can fake it out , but then again , many professional singers have trouble with that . And for someone like me who will usually perform as a singer/guitar player by myself it just adds an extra dimension to my personal one man band.I have only used the out of the box presets and in all likelihood will never need to program my own backup sounds but it seems easy enough to do if I want.So far , my only complaint is that there is no power switch on the thing so I use a switched power strip to achieve the same thing.I might also like the ability to save and program the device from a computer but that feature is not available so I 'll just have to write down any of my own settings if I happen to do that ... Overall though , this unit sounds and performs great and is really something you can use out of the box ... Even my wife and son think it sounds pretty cool ...
 I think that the DigiTech Vocalist Live 4 is one of the best things since sliced bread.It has many great features and options.I have also found it to make me more creative in my song writing process and is big help to the average person looking for new ways to spice up his/her songs vocally . I also way I can have `` back up singers '' harmonizing with me without the hours of practice and retakes.Thank You .
 great device . took a little getting used to as I am in a duo with harmony arleady . We just had to look for places to inject harmony so that the machine was not duplicating what we were already singing . It 's a great sounding device and if the harmony output level is kept low the effect is subtle enough to turn heads but not so obvious as to sound like back up tracks . I would recommend this device to anyone who wants a fuller and more exciting vocal sound . The guitar effects are ok , but nothing special . The price I got throught Amazon was a full 100 dollars less than typical prices elsewhere so this was a `` win win ''
 I have n't stopped playing with this machine since I bought it . I do n't perfom live , I record at home and I love being able to just tap away while I 'm playing and find a suitable harmony for the song I 'm writing . The presets are excellent ; my favourite so far is `` Blind Boys '' , sounds like I have a group of experienced singers right behind me following my every note . It has also helped my songwriting by introducing harmonies and arrangements that had n't occurred to me . From even a simple melody , it fleshes out the entire song and improves the sound by 1000 % . I admit I have a limited range as a vocalist , so to be able to hear those high and low harmonies exactly as I can hear them in my head , makes this Digitech worth every penny.So if you play the guitar and do even a simple run up or down the fretboad , you can sing just the one note into the mic and the harmonies will flow with the chords and notes you play . Some of the names of the presets will give you an idea of how the harmonies will sound ; CSN sounds like you-know-who , there 's one called `` Tenors '' another `` Gospel '' etc. . As a female singer , I get blown away by hearing my `` male back up singers '' harmonising away ! I 've never been very good at hitting the harmony a 3rd * below * the melody . I tend to wobble all over the place when I try to work it out , but this thing does it and it sounds brilliant . As an added bonus , it 's also given me a ton more confidence in my own abilities as singer , harmonies or not.So it still sounds like `` you '' , but with an added flavour and tone with the harmonies . I love doing a load of `` what will happen when I try this . . '' scenarios . Play with some Beatles songs -LRB- think `` Here there and Everywhere '' `` If I Fell '' and `` Rain '' and you will get an idea of some of what it can do -RRB- Try some Queen harmonies even the Andrews sisters . I fell about laughing when I tried the Chordettes `` Mr Sandman ! '' It 's the most fun I 've had with any piece of musical hardware in many years.Most definitely recommended ! Edit April 2010
 Found placing my bid to be easy and the response to be fast . The product was in good condition and I am very happy with my purchase .
 Good heads . They are exactly what you expect . Just some solid good drum heads . Been using them for 3 or so months and still tunable and working well
 Fine quality strings . I loaded all my school instruments with these . Since that endeavor comes at a high price , I searched for the best prices . Of course , Amazon came through for me .
 Bought this to replace my ancient ADA MP1 that died on me . This preamp rocks ! First of all it 's so easy to program - that 's a big plus . I think all the presets are OK and a good starting off point . Secondly it sounds real good . It cleans up nicely when rolling off the volume and responds to picking dynamics . I have a POD HD500 as well and I find myself playing the Digitech more often . It 's certainly easier to navigate and program.On the other hand ... It 's just not a tube preamp , it sounds digital to me , not that that is a bad thing . I 'm running stereo into a 50/50 Carvin tube power amp and a 2x12 Bag End cab with ancient Greenbacks . It 's a preamp so it 's going to sound different for every amp/cab it 's running into . Another thing I really like is it has global EQ paramaters that are easy to work with and you can turn the cab modelling off globally as well . I 'm not sure about deep editing but I think the HD500 has it beat in that area.I do n't really care for USB/PC/editor thing . Line 6 's monkey kills them on this . I messed around for hours trying to get the drivers to work and the USB connection to be recognized . Luckily it 's easy to program it manually on the front panel . There 's a Beta site out there but it 's bare bones and really confusing.Bottom line
 I found this product to be very good for recording sermons . The speed was excellent relative to copying time and the playback was clear with a minimum of background noise .
 if you need a program thaat edits music this is really worth the money its alot better then any free jukebox you download off the internet and it has capillitys that would take more than one program to use
 I carved a universal template myself through patience and self determination . In the end , I did n't get the curve absolutely correct , so I decided to try again , this time with a curve I knew would be right . -LRB- Actually , I will shape my universal template to match this one too , so I 'll have a spare -RRB- . It seems well made , and should be fine . Obviously , if you 're here buying a generic blank for a violin -LRB- like I am -RRB- , you 're probably not part of a philharmonic orchestra , and there 's nothing wrong with that . This lets you learn a little more about how to work on a violin and saves you a couple dollars .
 This guitar is great , I highly recommend it to any lefties out there . You ca n't beat this thing for the price !
 The Takamine G Series dreadnought is a great intermediate instrument . It will take you as far as you want to go , and does n't cost an arm and a leg . Highly recommended !!!!
 A great guitar for the price . Very nicely finished , but most importantly , sounds really , really good . Could not recommend high enough !
 I bought this from Guitar Center two years ago , and the price was ridiculous . I didnt know much about guitar shopping and paid $ 570 for this without a case . I got taken big time . I could have bought a higher end guitar for that . The electronics sound a little tinny on this guitar ... as well as several of the G series . The F series is better , and on this guitar a change to a medium gauge string might improve sound quality . It is a good guitar , i am just upset that I paid way too much for this guitar bc now I see what it is going for online ... and FREE SHIPPING > Can not beat that .
 I bought this R8 specifically for the purpose of running the video game Rock Band with my MIDI drums , though you could use it for whatever your imagination can fathom . My MIDI drum to Rock Band mod works beautifully and I could n't have done it so easily without the R8.The R8 is extremely easy to program . It does n't require any power other than the MIDI connection , which saves you from having to fit another wall wart in to your power strip.At 1st , I was apprehensive about the price , but now I do n't regret it at all . It 's so nice to finally buy something that easily does exactly what you want it to do with rock solid performance.The R8 has 8 relays that can be programmed to open or close in response to pretty much any MIDI signal . You can also program it to close for an adjustable period of time and then open -LRB- or vice versa -RRB- in response to a single MIDI message . I use it to close the relays for 40 ms and then open when it receives the Note On messages that correspond with my MIDI drum heads.The R8 can only be programmed via it 's MIDI interface , but chances are , if you are looking in to getting one of these , you probably already have some form of PC to MIDI connector . I personally use M-Audio 's MIDISport Uno.The only problem I had while programming this unit was my own fault . I did n't know the note numbers for my drum heads , so I used a program that monitors MIDI messages to capture the note numbers as I hit the drum heads . Well , MIDI messages are always displayed in hexadecimal and the menus for the program that configures the R8 requests the note numbers in decimal . I did n't think to convert the note numbers from hexadecimal to decimal , so , as you can imagine , things did not work at 1st . Just make sure to remember that when you are reading hexadecimal , you are reading hexadecimal -LRB- for example 20 = 32 -RRB- .
 I ordered this light for a large dance event we were having . It was out in the country and i actualy mounted this product on a tree and aimed it down on the dancefloor . It worked perfectly . I love this product and i actualy have it mounted on my living room wall now . It is not a huge clunky light and is perfect for large events or just making your own party at home . I 'm sure people driving up and down our street some nights wonder what is going on at our house when I turn it on crank up the music and me and my 4 yr old have our own dance party ! It is great and has different settings . I like the setting that moves the lights to the sound of the music . I would recommend it to anyone who likes lighting as much as i do . If you are d.j. it is a great travel size light .
 I think the other reviewers went way overboard in their crucifixion of this tuner . Yes , I admit the lack of the backlight is a little bothersome from time to time . However , this is overall a great tuner . I play bluegrass fiddle and this is the most convenient tuner EVER to attach to your fiddle . I use this tuner in jam sessions because when you are playing outside in South Georgia , the environment wreaks havoc on your intonation.As you can imagine , many times these situations are poorly lit at best and I have had no trouble using this tuner . Once again , a backlight would be great , but even under very dim lighting , I have been able to read it.I like it . It 's small enough to fit in my case or my pocket . It 's very accurate and easy to use . When clipped to my fiddle , it is not affected by the other instrument noise at all . I can be sitting next to a banjo picker on one side and a stand up bass on the other and still tune-up without any problem . Once agian , the best part is that it is so easy to attach to my fiddle -- the best one yet as far as I 'm concerned , and I own several tuners.I discovered this tuner because we stopped by a music store to try out guitars -LRB- my husband is a collector/picker -RRB- . The sales people were using this tuner . I had never seen one , so I asked about it . They said it was the easiest to move from instrument to instrument , always accurate and very compact . And they had an entire case of tuners and out of all of them , they chose to use this one . I tried it out and bought it on the spot.So do n't be so quick to dismiss this tuner . I have one and I love it . Would n't think of returning it . In fact , I 'm about to buy a second one as a gift for the guy who works on all my fiddles .
 I first used this tuner in Seattle at Joe Vinicoe 's archtop.com home store . I bought two , one for home and one for work -LRB- for a student that has to tune 40 acoustic guitars twice a week for class guitar courses at The University of British Columbia -RRB- . It works equally well for acoustic and electric guitars . Quick and easy . I experience few problems with the lighting on the control panel that others have expressed ; then again , I do n't use it in dark settings . I have a Roland digital tuner as well , but stopped using it because the Korg is such a dream to pop on a headstock and tweak any fretted instrument . I highly recommend it -- it 's a great little tuner .
 I 've used my Korg for a couple of months now on my oboe , and I think it 's great . It does have to be positioned somewhat carefully , but that 's not diffult to do and is a very small price to pay for what it does . I always have it on my instrument in rehearsal -LRB- I play in the university bands at Idaho State -RRB- and now when there is a difference of opinion about pitch , I am no longer the automatic first suspect . Only once has the director called me out about pitch and that was when I had the third of the chord and did n't realize it.I also practice with the tuner on the instrument , and it has substantially improved my playing and control of the instrument , because I now know what to aim for and how to get there . This tuner should have an `` indispensable '' rating , especially for intermediate level students.The people who panned the tuner for lack of a back-light need to think a little more carefully . Battery life is n't all that long as it is , and those batteries are expensive , -LRB- about $ 5.00 -RRB- . A back-light would cut battery life down by a significant amount . The only solution to that would be a larger battery which would mean the tuner would have to be substantially larger . The Korg engineers made the right choice .
 I 've used my Korg AW1 for about a year , and I have recommended it to several friends . I 'm about to purchase a second one so I do n't have to move the tuner between instruments when I double on oboe and English horn in the same concert . I 've read a number of comments saying the device is hard to read , but I 've never seen this to be a problem except when the battery is about to die.As an oboist , I use the tuner both for sounding the ` tuning A ' for the orchestra and also to check pitch while playing . Obviously I do n't use it all the time , and of course it 's often more important to match the pitch of other folks in the ensemble , but accurate pitch has never been my biggest strength and so I find that I play much more in tune now that I use the AW1 . I 'm a bit obsessive about turning the device off when I 'm not planning to look at it for a while -LRB- say during 32 bars of rests -RRB- . Doing so , I find I get several months of life from a battery.Note that the included instruction sheet does n't indicate how one would attach the device to an English horn -LRB- it does show most other instruments , and notes that the device is not really useful for mounting on a flute ! -RRB- . But I 've found that it fits well near the top of the upper joint -LRB- which is about the same diameter as the lower part of an oboe -RRB- , tilted somewhat to the left.I 'd love to see a little bit more mechanical durability , as I 'm always afraid I 'm going to break the stem , and it would be nice to be able to tilt the display upwards -LRB- as well as from left to right , which is provided -RRB- . But overall I 'm a very happy AW1 user !
 Works with great precision on a variety of instruments , from fretted strings to horns . Tuning is spot-on , instead of `` generally close '' as with most other brands of clip-ons .
 I was given this tuner a few years ago as a gift . I love its tiny size and just the look of it . I am a professional musician , do a lot of travelling , and this tuner has been subjected to a fair amount of abuse through so many years of so many gigs . I guess that 's why eventually the `` head '' started to get loose on it 's `` neck '' and swivel around too much . I am using duct tape on it now and it still works great . I 've tried every tuner out there , and have polled other professionals as what tuner they like , and I have found that this tuner is the MOST ACCURATE for almost every kind of instrument I have tried it on , having a needle display and not a moving lights display . I play upright bass , and it is the only tuner I have used that is very exact , and hears my bass under every kind of stage noise level . I have also used it regularly on mandolin , guitar , and banjo , even fiddle , and I really wish I had several of these to clip on the head or bridge of every instrument I own . I find the non backlit screen to be usually not an issue , except for around a campfire , and I do n't do that too often . Usually there is enough lighting on stage or in jam or rehearsal conditions to see it just fine . I do wish that the batteries were available at every normal store , rather than just at radio shack . The batteries cost 6 dollars each , and last a fairly long time because of the lack of a backlight . I would n't hesitate to recommend Korg tuners to anyone who plays . They are the most accurate and rugged .
 Excellent tuner for piezo or mic tuning . I use this in ensemble situations in the piezo mode and this tuner is great . Batteries last a long time and response is almost instant .
 great tuner that actually picks up the instrument without having to beat the strings off it . the reason is that this tuner picks up via of the clipon itself so it is picking up the vibrations without going all the way through the tuner . downside is that it does n't have a light for dark stages , maybe they will change this later on , i hope so !!!
 If you 're in need of a slick tuner , oh buy , this is the one for you ! It 's perfect , it 's small and it works extremely well in loud environments I wish I could buy it again
 I 've been using this tuner for 3 years now with my mandolin and my fiddle.Pros : - very easy to clip on even on the fiddle - very accurate and effective -LRB- Sometimes when I forget , I borrow one of these green IntelliTouch tuners from my guitarist friends and they usually are not very responsive and - vey nice looking compared to other tunersCons : - sometimes I let it clipped on my mando and forget to turn it off , so the auto-power off does not work whch has the effect of consuming the battery at a very high rate . Of course this is not the product 's fault , but if Kork engineers read this review , I hope they 'll decide to provide an auto-power off mode that ignores input on the next version - as others have said , it is not back lit which may be annoying in some circumtancesIf it was back lit , would be an astonishing product ... Overall I 'm very satisfied with this product .
 this thing is simple and does what it does without any drama . wish that were more common . i love this company 's gear . problem solvers that do n't create other problems.highly recommend ...
 I have owned and used this product for over 6 years , and it has worked flawlessly for me . It does what it claims to do , is extremely reliable , and requires almost no setup . If something were to happen to it , I would buy a new one immediately .
 I received exactly what I order promptly and in great condition . This is the first frame drum I 've owned . I can only compare it to others I 've used and it is above average to me and a good value . I like that it comes with a beater included . I already have dreams of a larger tuneable drum in the future : -RRB-
 I am very happy with this drum . It came with a beater . Has good tones.It is exactly what I wanted . The delivery was fast . I would buy from this seller again .
 It 's little , it 's cute , it 's easy to carry and it is full of great sound and good energy . I definitely recommend it !
 I bought a cheap drum set that came with Remo UX heads . When one of the heads broke I did some research and found out that this head is the same as the UX so I bought it as a replacement . It is just what I needed !
 This head is the best tone I 've ever got from my Tom . Great quality , great product , exactly what I was looking for .
 + The guitar is absolutely beautiful . The color in the picture provided may be off from the one you buy , though . The pickguard is actually a nice dark red , as is the back of the body and neck . + The tuners are great . Very solid . + The action is pretty good for a 12 string . + Sounds wonderful ! + Well packaged . I 'm always a little worried when it comes to buying stuff online . I 've had bad experiences in the past , but this was n't one of them . Absolutely no damage at all ! + Shipment was very fast . I ordered it on Friday and received it at my front door on Tuesday . - The bridge pins were really stuck down in there . I quickly broke a string by trying to tune it . I 'm not sure if it was because of the pins , but it probably did n't help . - A lot of the reviews you see online about this guitar say the neck is pretty wide . It is , but it 's obviously going to be if you need to fit 12 strings on there . It 's a little stretch for my hands , but I have the tiniest hands ever.This was my first purchase from Epiphone . I 've admired their guitars for awhile and I 'm very proud to own this one . Do n't think about buying this guitar . Just go ahead and buy it . For this price , you MUST . It 's a lot nicer than most guitars I 've seen for twice the price .
 This epiphone has an amazing sound for under -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks . I 've been playing off and on now for about 7 years . I 'm not the most experienced or talented guitar player , that 's for sure , but I 'm no slouch either . This is my first 12 string that I 've purchased and I 'm pretty happy with it . It has a great full , rich quaulity sound . It 's going to take time to get used to picking it after playing a 6 string , but amazingly the action is n't too much different from a 6 string and you do n't have to press as hard as you might think for bars chords or just plain old chords . It 's a great looking guitar too . It 's a 9 out of 10 . I 'm sure there are better 12 strings out there , but not for this price .
 I 've had this guitar for over a month now and I absolutely love it ! For starters , it is a great looking instrument . And then you play it ... And it has an absolutely beautiful sound . I am more than satisfied with this purchase ! Not to mention that it is less than $ 200 . It 's practically a steal for that price .
 I just bought mine today . This is the first acoustic guitar I 've ever owned -LRB- weird place to start right ? -RRB- and I absolutely love it.I dont see why so many people have trouble tuning this guitar . I tuned mine when I brought it home and it was as easy as 1,2,3 . The sound is great . Just like it says on the Gibson website , Twice the Acoustic . I love the sound . Great playing a nice little blues , strumming folk chord proggressions , or just improvising.The pickguard is actually red , not black as shown in the picture , and it looks much better in red.I really enjoy this guitar , it feels great , sounds great , and looks great . Definately reccommended .
 A good buy -- my opinion . Full chorale sound of a 12 , and a fairly slick action.I had a Vox 12 back in the mid-sixties ; similar to that save that the Epi seemsa trifle heavier in the body . Good balance on the lap , deep bass from a light gaugebronze wound string . The neck a bit wider , thicker than my old ebony LP custom -- has to be for that forest of strings , which will take a lot of getting used to.Fretwork is high for my taste but should wear in as frets always do . After almostfifty years of guitar work -- mostly rock -- it 's nice to just ease back and listenagain.Tip to those breaking strings
 I had a lot of questions and concerns when I ordered this . Well , it arrived today , I 've been playing it for the past few hours , and here 's the answers to those questions :1 . Is it worth the money?Absolutely yes . This is an amazing bargain . There are better guitars out there , but not for $ 170 . This really is a great deal .2 . How does it sound?Fantastic . It 's definitely `` bright '' , which a few of the other reviews pointed out , but it also has new strings on it , so it might be a little too early to judge . That said , it 's got a nice full sound and if you play up closer to the neck you get more bass in the mix .3 . How 's the action?Just right . Low enough that it 's easy to play -LRB- for a 12 string -RRB- but no buzzing strings .4 . How about the neck?Wider than a 6 string , but not much . Probably a centimeter or so wider . I have small hands and had no problem playing it . The main thing is the added pressure it takes to push down twice as many strings as normal .5 . How does it play?Great .6 . How does it look?Great . Nice natural finish , all shiny and new . What 's not to love ? -LRB- Note
 I wanted a 12 string , but did not want to spend a lot of money , this guitar fits the bill . The finish is much darker then the pictures online show . GREAT SOUND from this bad boy . This is a BIG GUITAR , once I figured out how to tune the 12 string , it really DOES NOT GO OUT OF TUNE . . After I few hours of play , I retune it and its marginally out of tune , I thought at this price the tuners would be of poor quality , while they are not grover tuners , they get it done.The downside for me is , not the guitar 's fault . . this is an inexpensive guitar and a FANTASTIC entry into 12 string playing , this Guitar is hard to play below the 15th fret as there is no cut away , but that is true of all guitars using this body type . Now that I have had it awhile I would love for it to be acoustic/electric but again . . for the price , I was expecting an inferior guitar this tool plays great low action . Im keeping it .
 I happened to pick mine up on sale for less than a hundred dollars at Gelb 's in Redwood City CA.It sort of bothered me that it was brand new and was nicely in tune and sounded good . I asked the guy , `` so , what 's wrong with this Epiphone ? `` He goes , `` Nothing . It sounds good does n't it ? They just want us to clear out some acoustics for new stock coming in . `` I figured I 'd rather have a nice twelve-string than ninety-eight dollars , so I got it.Inexplicably - this has been one of the nicest , most consistent and versatile instruments I 've owned . I 've played it on stage mic 'd or with a pick-up insert and it blasts . Great acoustic volume , stays in tune well , great fretboard action and looks nice.Full price for one of these is still a bargain . To the prospective buyer - I 'd play it a lot and make sure everything works the way the FIVE STAR REVIEWS are saying - because it looks like there is an occasional lemon . Maybe not the best choice for an ONLINE purchase - unless you can speak to the dealer ...
 for the price it ca n't be beat , not no pro but i 'm no begginer either.this guitar sounds very good for the price.had it for a couple of months now holds tune and still sounds great .
 I am very pleased with the purchase of this Epiphone DR-212 guitar and would recommend it to anyone looking for a great deal on a 12-string . I got it to add to my arsenal for my home studio , as I feel having a variety of guitars on hand is essential , but I 'm always looking for the best deal possible and I found it with this guitar for only $ 170 . I agree with others that the tone is on the bright side , but for my purposes I can compensate for that with proper microphone placement and equalization while recording and afterward . Not a problem . This is my first 12-string and I 'm learning to make my chords more precisely so the notes really ring out , but that 's a good thing . This guitar has made me improve my technique.It has a nice finish and holds tuning very well . What 's not to like ?
 If you 're looking for a 12-string acoustic , then what more could you want than the Epiphone DR-212 ? The craftsmanship is excellent , the sound is fantastic and it 's easy to tune and play right out of the box . Add the limited lifetime warranty and Gibson support and this guitar ca n't be beat . The price is amazing for what you get , and to top this all off , it has been chosen as a Guitar Players Magazine Editors Pick . You do n't have this guitar ? What are you waiting for ? Order it now while the price is this low ! Go ahead ! Go for it ! You wo n't be sorry ...
 I just bought my second Epiphone DR-212 a couple of weeks ago . I had one before and foolishly sold it to save room in my music room . It did n't take long for me to miss it , so now I have a new one . This guitar is a dream to play and the sound ca n't be beat . I 've had 3 Rickenbacker 12-strings and even though they are fantastic guitars , I think I enjoy playing this one more . These are beautiful guitars and built to not only sound great , but to last . If you like the jingle jangle of a 12-string guitar , you ca n't beat this one , especially for the price . Quality sound , beauty and very reasonably priced . What more could you want . I 'm hanging onto this one , and would recommend it highly . I 've been playing for a long long time and I know the sound I like . Go ahead ! Get one for yourself . You wo n't regret it .
 I knew I did right by buying the DR-212 . It 's great and stands up to much more expensive of it 's kind.I have lots of Gibsons as well as Epiphones and frankly I do n't see any difference to speak of . If anybody wants a durable acoustic 12 string with fine sound you 'll find it in the DR-212 . Best of Luck to allRegards , Roger Epiphone DR-212 Acoustic Guitar , 12-String , Natural
 Bought this 14 days ago.Basically it was a good buy and beats by far any other 12 stringed in quality for the price and up to $ 300.00 What I did to make it better was to lower the bridge a bit since the action was a bit high.The neck is straight , no buzz and the sound is fair . I would like a bit more low tones butI am gon na play around with some strings later on.I am very happy with it , Michael
 Good tone , sturdy , and well made . It shipped on time and I had no fuss with the service.The product is great , but aimed more towards the starving artist or the enthusiast . Obviously not geared towards professionals . Its a really great guitar for anyone who 's trying to get used to 12 string . It is a budget guitar , but its well made and it plays well . The body is n't overly bulky , and the fret board is well made for minimal buzzing and tonal fuss which seems to be a big deal for 12 strings.I 'd recommend this guitar to anyone who 's trying to pick up the 12string , or even someone who already has but does n't want to spend a fortune .
 my twelve string epiphone guitar sounds so cool and i am very happy and satisfied with this product thank you very much good job packaging it i love it
 I 'm not a professional musician , but I 've always wanted an acoustic 12-string so for my birthday , I began looking around for an inexpensive but playable instrument . My search led me to a Rogue and an Epiphone . Nothing against Rogue but I already own two other Epiphones -LRB- a Casino and an acoustic/electric John Lennon guitar -RRB- so based on my previous experiences with Epiphone , I decided to choose the DR-212 . It arrived several days later , well-packed and ready to play -LRB- except for tuning , which is understandable -RRB- . As I went through all the old 12-string favorites , ' A Hard Day 's Night , ' ` You 've Got To Hide Your Love Away , ' ` Hotel California , ' et . al. , I was -LRB- and still am -RRB- very pleased with the sound , the playability and the ease of fretting up and down the neck . There 's nothing like the sound of an acoustic 12-string and for $ 169 , it ca n't be beat . Ca n't say anything good or bad about the Rogue since I 've never played one , but I 'm very happy with the DR-212 and would definitely order it again if I had to make the choice . The only negative thing -LRB- and it 's very minor -RRB- that I could say about the DR-212 is that it 's not offered with a sunburst finish . Nothing wrong with the natural finish and it is a beautiful guitar but , personally , I 've always been partial to sunburst . And it probably would 've added a few more $ $ $ to the cost but , again , this is really very minor . If you 've want an inexpensive 12-string that plays well , I highly recommend this one .
 This Epiphone DR-212 was by far the best purchase I 've made in a long time . I was amazed at the quality -LRB- considering the price -RRB- when I first received it and thought it was a good overall guitar . However , a couple weeks after I received it , I changed the factory strings to a set of D'Addario EJ38 12-String Phosphor Bronze Acoustic Guitar Strings , Light , 10-47 and that made a huge difference leaving me to consider it a great guitar . Is it as good as a Martin or a Taylor ? I do n't know , I ca n't afford a Martin or a Taylor . The question should be ; is a Martin or Taylor 20 times better than this one ? Maybe , but so what ? I still ca n't afford one.It looks better than the picture and plays and sounds better than you think .
 I was really torn about getting this because of its price but decided to take the plunge and have no regrets . The action is better than my six string Epiphone acoustic . It sounds so sweet , looks so sweet , and plays so sweet . I keep it tuned down a half step and use a capo to protect the neck . I would definitely recommend this especially if your on a budget . It stays in tune and do n't let the laminated top scare you , its great .
 I just bought mine today used off Craigslist.I love this guitar ! I 've been playing acoustic for a few years but never a 12 string , have tried at stores and put it down , they felt wierd to pin two strings at once . However , this guitar for its price has great action and feels like playing a conventional 6 string . Very easy to get the feel for it after a few hours of playing and the tones ring and its what was missing when I play Beatle songs ... I own Taylor 's , Yamaha , and Gibson and I 'd put the clarity , action and tone of this guitar pretty close ... maybe what I spent on them is preventing me from saying '' right there with them `` Have fun and play every day , It 'll cleanse your spirit !
 The price paid for this guitar is borderline criminal . It is so low for such a beautiful , well made guitar that I can hardly believe it . The pictures do not do it justice , and the sound that eminates from it is equally nice . Very clear , ringing tones across the spectrum . It 's the first 12 string guitar I 've ever owned . I 've played several , but never took the plunge until now , and I 'm not the least bit unsatisfied . If you 're in the market for one , stop reading right here and order this one without hesitation . You wont be sorry .
 After being on the fence with this guitar for over a year , I went ahead and took the plunge . I was worried that I was going to blow $ 170 on a child &#8217; s toy that didn &#8217; t look , play , or sound right , but I was so wrong . This guitar is great ! Do not worry about the price because this is a quality Epiphone guitar . If you have been wanting a 12-string , get this one now.Looks
 I contemplated buying a 12 string for quite awhile but , the time had come . For the money this is really a very nice instrument . Well made , great sound and feel . I did have a couple of issues with it though , the action was a little high but , I always set my actions low on all of my guitars it is just my preference because I pick and strum fairly soft . A very small truss rod tweak and this was solved . I restrung it with some Dadario XL gauge strings and , this increased playability and sound too . I then discovered one high fret the tenth to be exact , this was a very easy fix , took some 400 emery paper taped off the surrounding frets and worked it down , this whole operation took me about 30 min . And that was It a very playable great sounding guitar . I really did not mind doing the setup on this instrument , I like to feel that I personalize each and every one of my guitars . This may not be for you and I am not going to say that every one of these guitars will need this but , for the money spent on this instrument even if you had to have a Luthier do some work on it , it is way less expensive than paying 3 to 5 times the cost of this guitar for a big brand name that may also need some setup also .
 I bought this guitar because of the low price and good reviews . I had never owned a 12-string and frankly was not sure I could play one because of the spacing difference between strings and difficulty holding 12 strings against the frets . I figured I 'd get this bargain guitar and if I liked 12-strings , I 'd upgrade later . When I got the guitar I amazed at the the quality and sound . It is very playable and actually stays in tune , something not easily accomplished with a 12-string . This guitar is worth three times the $ 169 I got it for . Great bargain . Great guitar . I see no reason to upgrade because this is a keeper .
 I use a pair of these to connect a pair of mic to a Zoom recorder and mic bar all mounted atop a mic stand . Well built . Reliable for ~ 15 uses over 3 years .
 This cable came on time and as advertised and has worked flawlessly for the past few months . Ca n't ask for more than that !
 Works , looks good . The soldering areas wet easily and it withstands my clumsiness . The pins look thinner and less shiny than the Mohawk brand though . I do n't know if that 's good or bad .
 After viewing the Midi cable at my local guitar center , i was leary about blindly ordering one from the net . I didnt like the ones at the store because they were stiff . I need the cable to be soft and lay flat on stage , yet still be durable against getting damaged . This cable was perfect and a nice suprise . Its plenty long to reach the front stage , soft enough to lay flat and functions just fine . Its what i needed .
 I got a pair of these used a few months back . I 'm fairly new to spinning , I spin mostly techno , and happy hardcore . For the price I payed for them they are decent , with a good amount of torque making them good to learn on . Only thing is they could use a bit more feature . But over all they are worth it .
 This Irish Bouzouki is made in China . It cost less then $ 500 . It comes with a decent hard shell case . But , to put it on your lap , strum a few chords , run a few scales up the fret board and if you forget all of the above you will think you are playing/hearing an instrument in the thousands of dollar range . This axe is fantastic . Excellent workmanship ALL solid woods . Gorgeous tone and smooth playability make this Irish Bouzouki a MUST have for anyone looking for a great Zouk in a low budget price range .
 I must agree strongly with everything James wrote . I purchased mine way back in September of 2003 from a local music store . Playing it is a magical experience , it was from the first strum of the strings . Even if you have never played a bouzouki or mandolin before , it 's almost impossible to play a bad chord.A lot of people may think a Chinese made Bouzouki would be junky , trust me , this one is flawless . Mine has Gotoh mini tuners , the gloss finish is magnificent , and the wood selection could n't be better . The hardshell case is as good as you will find anywhere . I would buy another one without hesitation if I ever had to.Playing it will make you smile , and everyone else too . A bouzouki is such an unusual instrument , people will always be asking you `` What is that ? '' . Just buy it !
 I would recommend this bouzouki to anyone who wants to play either Irish or Greek music . It 's a great instrument for the price and I do love it , but gave only 4 stars for the simple warnings
 This is a great song book . The tabs are easy to understand and the accompanying CD makes it so much simpler to learn the tunes . Some of the songs are classics while others are unconventional for banjo . Although I would have liked to have seen more traditional banjo songs on here , the songs included are pretty great !
 This book more than met my expectations . It is laid out well and the accompanying CD is an excellent reference .
 Hey!So I 'm a college student , and was previously in need of some real sound power for parties.I bought the 1000 watt amp from Pyle , and a single speaker . I literally just got them set up and had a sound check . With the volume pretty high up , the room was shaking , and you could clearly hear -LRB- and feel -RRB- the music downstairs and outside.So , for having owned them for about 45 minutes , I 'm very impressed . I could 've gone with a Bose sound dock for the same price as the amp and speaker -LRB- about 220 over all -RRB- , but i wanted loudness over the supreme quality of Bose . Nevertheless , these will be tested throughout the rest of the summer , and if something goes wrong , I 'll post it.They 're great . I think I 'll get a second one soon.Peace
 I have 2 of these speakers arrived on time and they sound great light weight speakers . . I DJ and they work just fine I 'm thinking about upgrading to 15 ' soon but so far so good ...
 Speakers arrived on time and the packaging was good . These are solid speakers made of durable plastic and they sound good but I 'm not know sound expert but overall I 'm satisfied with this speakers .
 These are great speakers for the money . Lightweight , sound great . . We use them at our church , and they more than meet our demands ...
 I received these yesterday . The boxes were really torn up and taped by the Post Office and I was kinda worried about the condition of the speakers but after unpacking them they were fine . I hooked them up to test them and they sound great . They are light weight and have large rubber feet that screw onto the bottom of the speaker included in the box They have a lock down screw for the stand mounts built in . They have one Speakon and one connection on the rear . I purchased a set of wooden Pyle 10 '' speakers and they did not make it through the mailing process but these did and I believe they will serve me well into the future . I am considering purchasing another pair . I would recommend these to anyone . The guys in my shop say they sound better than the EV-SX100 speakers we have mounted in our On Air and Production radio studios .
 I purchased a Pair of these speakers expecting alot lett . The highs will hurt your ears and the lows are pretty good for mid bass . didnt have these on stands and i was shaking the floor . Would Recommend this speaker system to any DJ out there that needs a good reliable lighweight speaker system .
 just what i needed . i have a pair of 14 hi hats , 16 crash , 18 ncrash , 20 ride , and 16 china and the protec bag holds them all with no problems trying to zip it up or anything . love it !
 After purchasing cymbals for my junior in high school it became clear that he intended to carry them around and they would be scratched . I did alot of red-eye surfing before we landed on this particular case . Not huge it does have extra space for his sticks as well as it carries well his 16 '' cymbals . Made very well , we especially like the metal rotating clip for shoulder carry . After some research it became obvious that one of the problems of lower priced items was having them rip at the bottom seam , and so far this case/bag has held up very well with heavy use . The front pocket is perfect for carry music ... we 're very satisfied .
 The string sounds very good . Love the little tub on the end which makes the string move smoothly in the groove . Easier for tune . Not broken yet .
 I love these strings . I have the set for violin and love the sound and the price is good . I bought just the e - string this purchase . You wo n't be dissatisfied with them .
 I 've used the Evah Pirazzis off and on for about six years , and have been nothing but thoroughly delighted with them . They have a very strong projection . Their break-in time is exceptionally short . I have found that they last longer than any other string that I have ever used -LRB- Dominant included -RRB- . Their tone is definitely on the bright side , which is my one reservation about them . If you are looking for warmth of tone , something almost dark , I would recommend the Pirastro Obligato . They do n't have quite the durability as the Pirazzis , but their tone is much more to my liking . But all in all you ca n't go too wrong with these wonderful strings .
 In contrast to the previous review that stated that these strings deteriorate rapidly , I have found that this is not the case . I use them on both a fine violin and viola for constant professional use and have not exerienced any early deterioration . They certainly do n't last as long as Dominant strings , but provide significantly more complex and beautiful overall sound . I also have found that they last much longer than Obligato strings before going false . The breakin period is short and the previous reviewer may have confused a loss of brilliance early on for the sound of the strings settling in and balancing out . I do find that the Gold E is far better than the standard one that is added to sets . Also , consider different gauges .
 The Evah Pirazzi strings are the gold standard for professional violinists . The are high tension and produce pure sound . They are also very responsive . They allow you to produce your own personal tones.This is why professionals like Joshua Bell use them for his Strad . The Amazon price is also terrific !
 After reading good reviews about these , I spent about $ 300 bucks and bought these and many other types of strings and spent a day comparing . Result
 I 've been using a $ 40 violin string set , and I 'm content with the sound they give me . This time for no particular reason , I thought I 'd try some different strings and chose the Pirastro Evah Pirazzi 4/4 Violin String Set for $ 69 . What a wonderful difference they make , Notes are fuller , richer , more alive . The sound shimmers .
 I was a hard core evah guy , but in addition to classical , I play jazz and gypsy , both of which have a lot of sliding into notes , and more hard hammering type playing , which seems to waste -LRB- i.e. destroy -RRB- the outside casing -LRB- and inside too -RRB- much more quickly then clean classical playing . I switched to wondertones , which , on my fiddle -LRB- 40 year old Rena Weishaar bench made in Costa Mesa , California - real nice , powerful , aswsom fiddle ! -RRB- sound better than dominants , and last a lot longer than the evah 's -LRB- I 'm poor and ca n't change strings every 3-6 weeks , which is about how long the evah 's last under hard playing for me - though I usually milk them for about another month until usually the A will start to unwind , but I 've had a lot of broken D 's too -RRB- . I just tried the Passions -LRB- heavy gauge -RRB- ... oh my ... wow ! My fiddle just went up in value about $ 5000 ! If you have n't tried them , do it ! They are the most interesting , best sounding , most beautiful strings I 've ever heard on my fiddle ... worth every penny of the $ -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks they cost . I 've only had them for a week or so , so I 'm not sure how long they will last - the D and A strings are already showing signs of wear , on the outer casing , but the inside is still solid . Previously , my favorite strings on my fiddle were the eudoxas -LRB- also gut -RRB- , but though they sound great , were n't stable engough for playing out/shows/etc , so I switched to the evahs . The Passions are difinately not as stable as synthetic strings , even after being broken in , but I have n't had too much trouble , generally tuning once at the begining of the session , and maybe once more when warmed up , so I 'd have to say they are a little more stable than the eudoxas . In closing , if you are a beginner , intermediate type player , I would recommend dominants or wondertones . If you are a fiddler , the Helicores are my all around favorite string . If you are a classical player , or play jazz/gypsy -LRB- actually , the helicores work well for jazz/gypsey also , but do n't have the tone , especially the deep resonance of the heavy G string , and medium metalic of the alumimun A string -RRB- you owe it to your fiddle to put on a set of the new Passions - I recommend the heavy gauge , and they do n't feel fat under my fingers and oh so sound sweet - you wont want to quit playing as is says on the package .
 I was introduced to these strings by a man who owns a fine violin shop about 5 years ago . They are by far the best strings for my violin . They produce a rich tone that no other string could produce on my violin . I agree that the Gold E is the best but the G , D , and A Evahs are amazing . I feel like my bow is moving through butter ! When I can afford them , these strings are my first choice !
 I use Evah Pirazzi for 3 years now and they are the best strings I tried . Maybe the only thing that is n't perfect is that the sound is way to bright and to pure at the beginning . But after 2 of 3 days of hard pratice , the sound is amazing
 great strings by pirastro . full tone , staying in tune , durable , irreplaceable . the set combines robustness with tone quality and high standard audibility .
 I 've used Evas on 3 different violins , and exclusively on my current violin . They provide a warmth and depth that is simply unmatched , but only on good violins . I find that they do not sound so great on cheap violins , so for those you 're better off in the end with a standard string like a dominant . It 's the violins that have something that needs to be brought out , that these shine on . As to their durability , first , they will break in in 2-3 days . Their initial brilliance will last 1-2 weeks , and after that they are more or less the same for a few months . I can play on most any set for 6 months before a string will start to unravel -LRB- which is my fault as much as the strings ' -RRB- , and I 'd say that 4 months is about when they start to fade . I will still get alot of the depth , but after 4 months I will lose a noticeable little bit of volume and brilliance , and the sound will slowly deteriorate from there . If I practiced 3 hours a day as I should be , I imagine they would last 3 months . I should note that I only use the lower 3 , so I have no idea about the E quality . It 's way too mellow for my violin.So basically , it 's a great string . It would be the perfect string if it lasted 5 years and cost $ 10 per set , but oh well . Try them once ; I doubt you 'll be disappointed .
 I really liked these strings for the most part . My violin on the other hand had some issues with them . Most notably the 1st position C on the A string had a horrible wolf tone ... or something similar . I have used other strings and never had that issue . I switched to Larsen Tzigane and it 's gone . I might switch back to the pirazzi , but try pairing them with a different A string . Other than that they sounded great , settled quickly and were easy to play .
 The violin repairer I am in contact with highly recommended these to me -LRB- Dominants were his second choice -RRB- . I had been using Eudoxa Gold for the past 19 years and he practically begged me to buy the Evah Pirazzi . My violin is particularly suited to louder sounding strings as the Eudoxa 's were always a bit muddy . The move from gut to synthetic , however , has been mixed to my own ears . I do appreciate the increase in volume and I can hear the notes I am playing far more cleanly and in tune . I love how they never go out of tune as well . However , I dislike the tone of the strings , particularly when playing diminuendo . The gut strings had a warm and soft tone that sounded very beautiful and the synthetic continue to sound somewhat rough and metallic after using them for three weeks . Also , I find my bow slipping a lot more when string crossing or playing chords - rosin seems to help but then adds to the rough sounding tone . Lastly , I dislike that my bow bounces far more on the synthetic strings and I have n't quite figured out how to adjust my bow technique to compensate . This is probably not a critique of the strings themselves , of course . Perhaps it is years of playing with gut or preference for listening to earlier 20th century violinists , but I would rate these strings a 4/5 based on these factors .
 Great powerful strings that will fill a concert hall with crisp , beautiful sound . They sound best for three weeks , so do n't put them on too early before a recital .
 Kid ReviewI use these exquisite strings on my Bellafina Model 50 Violin . The sound is very powerful and brilliant , with the touch of grace.These strings have a keen and beautiful tone when playing accelerando or crescendo , though their weakness is dimuendo and such.I 've been playing violin for 2 1/2 years , with private lessons , I started with Thomastik Dominant , which I thought were great , until I came upon these , worth every cent or pound you pay!It sounds nerdy , I know
 The purchased violin string set was handled over in promised time so we were satisfied with the service.The ordered violin string set is already in use without any problem .
 When you first put on Evah Pirazzi 's you feel like you just upgraded your violin . The sound and overtones just pour out . Unfortunately , they are also thicker in diameter and higher tension than Thomastik strings , and soon your fingers suffer for it -LRB- callouses , tendonitis -RRB- . Their high tension also chokes some more responsive violins , and they 're just too loud without the tone colours . They also take a long time to settle in , just stretching and stretching , so you have to keep tuning them when they are new.They also do n't last that long , and about 1-2 months -LRB- some people only a few weeks -RRB- , lose their brilliance and go false . Some people like them for dull unresponsive violins , bringing out a brassier sound . Because they are so pricey , I rarely buy a set . I did find a good use for my old set on a low action -LRB- low tension -RRB- bluegrass fiddle . They doublestop great and I 'm not as picky about the sound there as on my concert violin .
 I got these for my Nephew for his birthday . I have indoctrinated him into the skills of Neil Peart for years . He immediately started to use them and commented on how he liked the balance . He does not know it yet . but I have Rush tickets in April and he and I are going to see Neil in Person .
 I purchased this guitar about 3 years ago , almost on a whim . I had been playing bass guitar in a band for a while , and wanted something for acoustic jams -LRB- I decided against an acoustic bass -RRB- . Unfortunately , I did n't really get to playing it until just this past summer . Stock strings -LRB- obviously -RRB- are n't the best , but after stringing it up with some medium gauge D'Addarios , the sound was amazing . Very full and vibrant tones . Action is also great - not too high , not too low . Also worth noting is that I tend to be a very hard player -LRB- physically -RRB- , so I can safely say that this guitar can withstand quite a bit of punishment . Only issue I 've had were the cheap little plastic bridge pins that come stock . Not so much a function issue as an aesthetic one . Luckily though , you can pick up some nice new ones online for only a few bucks.In conclusion , I 'd recommend this to anyone looking for a worthwhile acoustic under $ 300 . A GREAT choice for beginners , if you can afford it . Looks great and sounds great .
 I purchased this guitar from Amazon to learn to play . I purchased Epiphone becauseof it 's reputation . The guitar arrived on-time and in perfect condition . The guitarlooks beautiful and sounds great , well worth the price . Very satisfied with thisAmazon purchase as usually .
 It 's good stuff for the most part . It 's ... cute -LRB- for the lack of a better word -RRB- . One thing I really liked about it , was that it came with the patch cables and the power supply . One thing I do n't like about it is that it is designed to fit only Mini Dan pedals , so say like a WAH , I 'd have to have on the outside of it , on the floor ; thus , having to carry one more bag with cables and all the extra stuff.Considering I had a few of the little pedals and a good friend who let me have some others , it 's a good case to have . Bang for the buck type thing .
 If you have Mini Danelectro pedals , this is a must have . Yes , it only fits Danelectro pedals , but it has power and patch cords all ready to go . Open the lid , power up , plug in guitar , check amp levels , rock.Makes your pedals easier to sell , also .
 This thing is great . You can carry 5 Dano mini-effects pedals around in it , it has a little `` 9V-electric-plug in '' device that powers all the pedals , thus removing the nuisance of purchasing batteries every three gigs , and the package even includes the necessary patch cords . I purchased mine from a rather less `` reputable outlet , '' and the pedals wo n't secure in their individual slots like they 're supposed to , but I reckon that 's because I purchased `` used goods . '' If for nothing else though , the DJ-C looks just almighty COOL just carrying the pedals around , but when you stop to consider that it morphs onto a pedalboard - Hey ; it 's the best musical purchase I made last year !
 Fue Excelente , la compra y llego en el tiempo estimado de la entrega recomiendo el producto muy bueno 100 % recomendado
 Most satisfied with the CD player very good sound and pitch control and easy to use , and the service was prompt and good .
 I 've been playing violin and viola for going on 9 years now , and previously , I 'd been using D'Addario Helicores pretty exclusively on everything . I picked up a refurbished 1940s German violin at a Celtic Festival a couple of years ago , and when I had to start playing it for a band , it needed more sound . I asked a friend of mine for a recommendation , and she mentioned these strings.Once I put them on , it was like I was holding an entirely new instrument . They have a very clear , bright , and open sound . I have n't really done a ton of experimenting with E-strings , but the E 's do seem to have a good bit of squeak to them -LRB- I 'm also using a very lightweight bow -RRB- , which can be remedied with the liberal application of rosin.Very happy with them - I use them for all of my violins , and once I get the cash to do it , plan on putting them on my violas as well . I highly recommend using these if you 're going to be playing in an environment with no sound equipment or if you 're playing outside , as their sound carries very well .
 I have been playing violin for 12 years and have always used Zyex strings . However , my friend told me to try these and I am so glad I did ! They sound beautiful and get the best quality tone I have ever heard . The sound is warm and beautiful and I love these strings , I will never use anything else .
 I recently switched from Obligatos to Evah Pirazzis . Though I may still be in the `` everything sounds great and bright '' phase , I have been pleasantly surprised by the sound quality and brightness , compared to the Obligatos . I did not have much trouble with the strings stretching at the very beginning , but that was the case with the Obligatos . I can not attest to the longevity of the strings , but that is completely dependent on how much one practices !
 I 've been a violinist for about 15 years , and in that time , I 've used all kinds of strings . Most of them were ok and got the job done when I needed new strings.I got the Evah Pirazzi 's with my new violin and I thought my violin sounded great until I got a new set of Dominants , and it sounded less great . Next time I got these strings again and my violin sounded great again . Now , I always carry a spare set in case something breaks .
 I read reviews on good quality violin strings and these met every expectations . The e string made a big difference in sound quality .
 Hey ! Let me tell you ... these work incredibly great !! as music monitors . I lugged around heavy floor monitors for years , I thought bigger was better until i came across these . These speakers are half the size and twice as load ! GREAT DEAL !!!
 these speakers put out some serious sound , i mean 800 watt speaker for this price you ca n't go wrong . the 3 channel mixer makes for a super clear sound , its like listening at a live show , perfect for any music lover .
 I bought the Musicians Gear 61-Key Keyboard Gig Bag from Amazon/Musicians friend . Looks like the 49 is the same exact case , just a little smaller to accomodate a 49 keyboard case . For the money you ca n't beat it . You also ca n't beat the bag , and I mean that literally . It has about a half inch of foam , protected by a nicely rugged material that is sure to wear and stand up to a lot of abuse for a long time.I was perplexed when trying to decide which bag to get , wondering just how much protection they each had . Since I bought this from the picture , it was hard to figure out . So someone else in this position would like to know , that if you plan on transporting your 49 key keyboard occassionally , it is great for that . If I was a roady , with frequent gigs , I would be looking for a hardshell case , with a thick foam interior to really do the job.Since this case is thick fabric , and a half inch of foam , it will prevent your keyboard from getting scraped up transporting it around , and will be forgiving when you give it a light bump , but for serious protection , you need a hardshell case with thick foam.I do n't want you to misunderstand me , I love this gig bag . It is exactly what I need , and the price is almost too good to be true . You ca n't beat it . The side has a larger pouch that will fit a laptop or some gear , like your footpedals . There is a smaller pouch sewed onto the outside of the laptop pouch so to speak , you could put a foot pedal in there , maybe two.I could n't see the more expensive bags being made out of better material , but I could see a lot thicker foam , to protect the keyboard against banging into a door jamb for example.Nice case for the money . Built strong out of nice material , but the foam is a little thinner then would be required to better protect your keyboard against serious bumps . For my needs , I would buy it again in a heartbeat .
 This bag is well constructed with solid stitching and enough padding for moderate gigging -LRB- do n't expect the durability of a hard case , but this is a well made soft case -RRB- . The laptop-sized pocket on the front is n't padded , but is a great place to store manuals , cables , power supplies , etcI have more than one 49 key keyboard and I 'm not sure if the user complaining about it being too small ordered the correct product or just has unusually large equipment , or mine is unusually small . :-RRB- I had the opposite problem of the keyboards swimming around in the bag due to all of the extra room.I resolved the problem by making my own cardboard divider frame with some gaffer tape , and now I can put both my M-Audio Venom and a full size 49 key controller only keyboard in the same bag . The controller has no knobs , display , etc. so really it can store 1-1/2 49 key keyboards or one super big one . : -RRB- I 'm planning on getting a second bag and using the same methodology of adding a cardboard divider to store 2 Oxygen8 25-key keyboards and some additional gear . There 's a little bit of manual work to maximize the space usage , but I love this bag because you ca n't seem to get this much space in a keyboard bag without paying 50 % more .
 Protective , but too big for many midi controllers . Wish it included a removable section divider to keep the instrument planted in one half of the case .
 I needed a cheap bag to carry my 37 key novation ultranova lead synth . Unofrtunately I could n't find any 37 key cases except for novation 's which was 80 bucks ! This bag was perfect for carrying my synth with extra space for guitar cables , sustain pedals , tabs/sheet music , and the power cable . I also bought the 88 key bag for my Yamaha ypg 635 digital piano . Both are great , cheap bags for a band member on a budget .
 This is a well-built keyboard bag , especially for the price . The materials are very durable and sturdy , and there 's about a half-inch of padding on all sides.Like other reviewers have said , this bag is a little too big for a 49-key keyboard . I have a Novation Impulse 49 , which is about the biggest 49 I 've seen , as it has Mod & Pitch wheels on the side along with a slew of Midi sliders and pads on top . There 's still about 2-3 '' on all sides when it 's in the bag . It 's still fine , but if I had a smaller keyboard -LRB- like an Axiom 49 or Oxygen 49 -RRB- it might be too much space . However , I think this is the norm with keybaord bags , They all seem to error on the side of being to big .
 EXELENTISIMO MATERIAL , el sierre es muy resistente y duro , tiene bolsillos con sierres en todas partes para guardar papeles de partituras , libros de ejercicios , notas , facturas , lo que sea , caben un monton de baquetas de todo tipo , forma tama & ntilde ; o , es resistente al agua y puedes llevarlo en la mano en el hombo o en la espalda , pues puedes cambiar el aza de lugar . EXELENTE !!!
 After many hours of Internet searching I found a User 's Manual for the LD-50 that can be downloaded in PDF format and printed . The website is : http://www.casio-europe.com/euro/support/emi_manual.html
 Very good bag for the price . Much cheaper that if I would have bought one like it locally . I 'm glad I bought it .
 I received this today . It shipped promptly after I ordered it , and I was actually surprised at how good the quality seems to be . It fits my 76-key keyboard perfectly too .
 The bag is the perfect size and has convenient pockets . Also , it was shipped very quickly .
 I ordered the Musician 's Gear 76-Key Keyboard Gig Bag and it came within a week of placing the of the order . My keyboard , in which is a Yamaha YPG-235 fit inside of the bag comfortably despite the depth of the keyboard being 1/4 '' bigger than the overall case . From my perspective , the keyboard gig bag is made of excellent material , multiple pockets to hold a surplus of keyboard or extraneous accessories , and two modes of carrying the bag
 The bag fits my Casio WK6500 Workstaton keyboard like a glove and does a good job of protecting the unit.For the money its a realy nice case , the only thing that would make it better , it would have to be a hard case .
 My teenage son recently purchased an electric piano and wanted to take it places with him . I was concerned about it getting banged around . He really likes the bag .
 Fits the Casio WK-200EPA 76-Key Premium Keyboard perfectly , as well as an older Casio model that I have , plus plenty of room for things in the front pocket . Like the long shoulder handle . Only drawback is that there would be room to fit my keyboard stand under the keyboard inside the case except that the one side of the stand is about 2 inches too wide to fit in the case . But it is a nice case .
 I recently purchased a 7 octave keyboard workstation and decided I should have a soft case for it . It makes the trip to church and the occasion gig so I wanted to protect my investment . I 'm comfortable saying that this keyboard gig bag does the job I have asked it to do . I have plenty of additional room in it for the pedal and power chord and cables to hook it up to the sound system .
 I just purchased a new portable keyboard and some of the cases I looked at were either cheesy-looking or waaaay too expensive . This case is well made , reasonably priced , and definitely serves a good purpose !
 I have used this bag for afew gigs now , and condider it a well made item . The protective padding seems to worek well , and the side pockets are very handy for acessories such as a foot pedal .
 I consider this an exceptional buy . The bag is sturdy and well made . It is not a hard case but it 's padding will protect from fairly rough handling . It has both hand and shoulder straps . Great buy .
 I bought the Musicians Gear 61-Key Keyboard Gig Bag from Amazon/Musicians friend . Looks like the 76 is the same exact case , just more of it . For the money you ca n't beat it . You also ca n't beat the bag , and I mean that literally . It has about a half inch of foam , protected by a nicely rugged material that is sure to wear and stand up to a lot of abuse for a long time.I was perplexed when trying to decide which bag to get , wondering just how much protection they each had . Since I bought this from the picture , it was hard to figure out . So someone else in this position would like to know , that if you plan on transporting your 61 key keyboard occassionally , it is great for that . If I was a roady , with frequent gigs , I would be looking for a hardshell case , with a thick foam interior to really do the job.Since this case is thick fabric , and a half inch of foam , it will prevent your keyboard from getting scraped up transporting it around , and will be forgiving when you give it a light bump , but for serious protection , you need a hardshell case with thick foam.I do n't want you to misunderstand me , I love this gig bag . It is exactly what I need , and the price is almost too good to be true . You ca n't beat it . The side has a larger pouch that will fit a laptop or some gear , like your footpedals . There is a smaller pouch sewed onto the outside of the laptop pouch so to speak , you could put a foot pedal in there , maybe two.I could n't see the more expensive bags being made out of better material , but I could see a lot thicker foam , to protect the keyboard against banging into a door jamb for example.Nice case for the money . Built strong out of nice material , but the foam is a little thinner then would be required to better protect your keyboard against serious bumps . For my needs , I would buy it again in a heartbeat .
 This case is less expensive and more serviceable than the Rok Sak , which I used to go through at a rate of 2-3 per year -LRB- zippers break , electronic prongs tear through the cloth -RRB- . But it 's definitely not stylish . The triple-layered pockets merely invite a huge bulge on the side of the case where cables , pedals , power supplies , etc. are stored . Also , the case is not a snug fit for a keyboard such as the Kurzweil SP-76 . When you set the case down , moreover , it never stays positioned , always falling to the flat side.Still , it comes with a handy strap , making it possible to carry a light-weight 76-key keyboard with the gig bag slung over your shoulder , one or even both hands freed up for carrying an amp and piano stand , thus making for a one-person hauling job .
 I ordered the musicians gear 76 key keyboard gig bag from amazon . It came in time and was packaged perfectly . Once i got it i was super excited about the quality of this case . It will definitly fit a 76 key korg triton or something like that . The zippers and handles are made well and are built to last . The pockets on the front of the case are especially wonderful . They could be used for gig cords or powercords . The big pocket is even big enough to fit a laptop . The only thing i dont like about this case is the shoulder strap . It doesnt look like its going to last a while and as i used it for couple gigs it just got in my way . So i too k it off and i just use the regular straps that it came with . other then the strap i love it . But if you have skinny keyboards like the yamaha s03 or the roland gw7 or even the roland juno series , this case might be too wide for them . i had this problem but i have other keyboards to put in this case . Overall its a wonderfully made case . I would tell anyone to buy it .
 I expected the padding to be a little more solid ; it 's just a little more flimsy than what I thought I 'd be getting . I kind of expected a material that would hold its shape a little more , but the padding is flimsier than that . Still , it gets the job done , and the price on this bag simply ca n't be beat . I would recommend the product , just know that it 's a little floppier than what the photo leads one to believe . Hardware seems to be solid -LRB- strong , large zipper , solid hooks for strap -RRB- , and the fabric is very durable .
 It is good to carry a 76 key keyboard . Looks durable only I think it will be better if it has a separate bag for the book holder.shipping in a big box , which is good to keep the shape of the bag .
 Perfect for lugging a keyboard -- reasonable price , nice padding , and comfortable carry-handle . Even has a zip pocket for the power supply and sustain pedal . I recommend this item for anyone who needs to carry a keyboard ; however , if you 'd rather use your great-grandmother 's quilt , you will miss the ease this gig bag will provide . Save your back and get the bag !
 This bag arrived right on time in perfect condition . Is well made , sturdy , nice padding , and makes it so much easier to carry the keyboard . The Yamaha fits in very nicely , and the extra pouch on the bag is good for carrying other things . The handle and strap are perfect . For the money , this bag is tops !
 This is the best bag for the buck out there ! It is made well , very sturdy yet still lightweight ! Has nice storage pockets and a comfortable strap . I highly recommend !
 We used this for a 76 Key Casio WK 1630 and it fits perfectly.This bag is the BEST quality bag in the price range . Stitching is done well . Easy to open and close when loading the keyboard . The extra outer zipper pocket is roomy enough for music folders or an ipad and the additional outer zipper pocket can hold even more necessities like a pedal or plugs . The strap is well sewn and rests on the shoulder comfortably . The padding is not much more than a piece of foam but it is throughout the entire bag and for a soft case it provides all the protection you 'd expect .
 I bought this to stand in for my 3-voice which is being repaired . It arrived in good order with bag , straps and a booklet , which last I did n't need or want . However , it was considerably cheaper to buy it this way than from any UK supplier I know of .
 Looks great , quality looks very good too , just be careful with the feedback , the equipment is too sensitive , you need to be as far as possible from the speakers
 I have about a ten-year-old Yamaha 61-key keyboard and this case worked perfectly for it . If you have a keyboard near the dimensions mentioned on the page , it should fit in this and not slide around too much . I have n't transported the keyboard with it much yet , so its ruggedness will be tested this weekend when I haul it around some.The zippered pouches in the front are a great addition for lots of things . For me , however , it is perfect to create my own studio-in-a-bag . The big zippered pouch seems almost tailor-made for my 12 '' Apple iBook laptop , and a little sheet music will fit in there , too . There are additional pockets in front of the laptop-size pouch that will hold my USB < - > MIDI interface and MIDI cable.So for $ 15 I get a case that will let me perform and play everywhere -LRB- the keyboard can run on batteries -RRB- . And its construction and shipment went well.Recommended .
 I bought the Musicians Gear 61-Key Keyboard Gig Bag from Amazon/Musicians friend . For the money you ca n't beat it . You also ca n't beat the bag , and I mean that literally . It has about a half inch of foam , protected by a nicely rugged material that is sure to wear and stand up to a lot of abuse for a long time.I was perplexed when trying to decide which bag to get , wondering just how much protection they each had . Since I bought this from the picture , it was hard to figure out . So someone else in this position would like to know , that if you plan on transporting your 61 key keyboard occassionally , it is great for that . If I was a roady , with frequent gigs , I would be looking for a hardshell case , with a thick foam interior to really do the job.Since this case is thick fabric , and a half inch of foam , it will prevent your keyboard from getting scraped up transporting it around , and will be forgiving when you give it a light bump , but for serious protection , you need a hardshell case with thick foam.I do n't want you to misunderstand me , I love this gig bag . It is exactly what I need , and the price is almost too good to be true . You ca n't beat it . The side has a larger pouch that will fit a laptop or some gear , like your footpedals . It measure internally 12 1/2 '' x 10 '' x 1 1/4 '' . If you measure it from the outside it is more like 14 '' x. . . for example . There is a smaller pouch sewed onto the outside of the laptop pouch so to speak , you could put a foot pedal in there , maybe two.I could n't see the more expensive bags being made out of better material , but I could see a lot thicker foam , to protect the keyboard against banging into a door jamb for example.I see that this model to fit the 61 '' is currently out of stock , but is still available in the different number of keys size , so I think I will paste this review over there as well .
 Nicely padded bag for my daughter 's Yamaha keyboard to take with her for traveling so she does not miss out on her piano lessons/practice . Compact and rugged and just lightweight enough . Has several extra pockets and space for accessories like the foot pedal , AC adapter , extra batteries , piano book , etc. . Highly recommended .
 Over-all I 'm satisfied with the keyboard bag . I like the extra pouches on the outside that allow for sheet music etc. . The bag is a bit large for my 61-key Roland E-09 Arranger , so I 'm purchasing additional foam to line the `` empty '' space for more protection . I transport and play just one night a week . For this purpose it 's great !
 GREAT BAG FOR GOOD BASIC KEYBOARD PROTECTION . SO HAPPY I BOUGHT MORE THAN ONE ; THANKS FOR MAKING IT REASONABLY PRICE WITH SUCH STURDY QUALITY .
 This is a padded keyboard bag , with two pockets for accessories . It fits my 68-key keyboard , I measured the length and width , and this matched my dimensions . It provides decent protection from bumps and scrapes . The sides are not rigid , and I would like them to be a little more rigid . If you try to use the shoulder strap , the bag bends in the middle , so is not very usable with the shoulder strap . It also has a handle , and is easy to carry by the handle . It does what I need it to do .
 This is a high quality bag made of dense material . The padding is adequate for car travel , but this is not the protection that a traveling musician would want . The bag is about six inches longer than my Casio keyboard needs , but the extra space comes in handy for the adapter and pedal . On the downside , the outside pockets are skimpy and I do not trust the shoulder strap to hold the instrument . I think it is a good deal for the $ 35 price .
 This bag was exactly as described . It works well for my Yamaha 61-key keyboard .
 Great product , Great service from Musicians Friend . This bag is perfect for a 61 key , keyboard.Has plenty of room and has zippered pockets for carrying those assecories.Great product .
 I have a Yamaha PSR 2100 . I had an Amazon gift voucher and decided to buy a much needed keyboard bag from Amazon.com.I finally arrived upon the this bag from Musician 's friend after some research on pricing and correct dimensions . The packing for this bag was outstanding , nice job Musician 's friend!The bag shipped in great time , under 3 days -LRB- I chose std shipping -RRB- . Happy with the cushion lining for the keyboard , nice snug fit . Overall , very happy !
 This item was unavailable for a very long time . I was very excited when it came in stock and ordered it immediately . Of course it 's not $ 15 anymore , but it came really fast and fit perfectly . I was impressed with the bag in the house . We have n't yet had to take the keyboard out of the house and so ca n't comment on durability .2011 Update
 Plenty of room for my keyboard , nicely padded . The pocket on the outside is very handy . Strong material , very sturdy .
 Perfect condition , and quick shipping . It fit the keyboard well and the accessory pockets were well crafted and sized . Easily carried by the handles , it also came with a sturdy shoulder strap . I would recommend .
 This cas was great for her needs as she lugged around her keyboard to voice lessons or her theatre rehearsals . Her only gripe was that she wishes it was a little longer so her stand woudl fit all the way in it . Overall this was a big hit as it is does a great job allowing her to carry it and offers a good level of protection .
 I placed my Roland D-50 in this case . It did n't fit my Roland D-50 perfectly , it was much larger , but now my Roland D-50 has a case to protect it .
 ideal for moving your piano , and prevent you from getting dirty or scratched you . . easy and practical to use when . I really liked
 This is a great light weight carrying bag for your portable keyboard . It is not , however , meant to be real protection from damages to the keyboard from it being banged around . It is good as long as you remember not to place objects on top of the keyboard inside it . I used it when we traveled to take the keyboard with us and there is plenty of room for the keyboard , earphones , sustain pedal on the inside and an outside pocket for music . Great value for the price .
 Very good build quality.Love the spacious upper pocket as I usually carry a small size audio mixer & mic with it.Only con I see is that it may feel little bigger -LRB- 6 inch approx - lengthwise -RRB- for 61-key Keyboards , I 've Casio CTK 310IN & M-audio Axiom 61 , but still very big cover for both of them .
 If you like Line 6 sounds , this is a great deal with the free gold upgrade . It would have been better if Amazon had mentioned that it was refurbished/repackaged , but there were no problems with the unit . I have simple amp needs , but it is great to have so many effects to choose from , and the amp farm plug in is great for recording .
 This TonePort DI is an amazing tool to set up your tone and effects ! It is as well a very useful recording tool ! buy !!
 I bought this product for my boyfriend for his birthday . He 's not a serious musician , but he plays guitar regularly for leisure and sometimes writes his own songs . He recently taught his son how to play as well , and they both seem to be having a ball with the software and the Toneport . One word of caution is that users with Windows 7 -LRB- anything newer than XP , I 'd assume -RRB- Will need to go to the Line 6 site and download updated drivers before you 'll have functionality . It took about 35 minutes to get everything all sorted out and installed , but since then it 's been working great.I 'm very satisfied with my purchase .
 installed without issue onto a Windows 7 pro 64 bit machine with Line 6 updated drivers . gearbox now updates to the full PodFarm of options , effects , amp models , etc. . . an astoundingly huge range of goodies to play with . best for futzing around while wearing headphones and finding new sounds , creating your own with the hugely variable interface . for the price it provides an immensely deep terrain to explore . i do n't for a minute regret the purchase .
 Pretty straight forward and easy to use . I was looking for a digital interface so I could plug my guitar into my computer to record on Garage Band . The UX1 seemed to have the most bang for my buck . It 's got some great guitar amp soundsLine 6 UX1 Tone Port Music Computer Interface -LRB- Windows / Macintosh -RRB- and bass amp sounds , I probably wo n't use them all but at least I have the options . It has the 1/4 inch guitar input as well as the XLR mic input so I can mic my amp if I want to . I believe it was worth the money and would recommend it if you 're looking for a digital interface with amp sounds .
 Bought the Gearbox Silver bundle for less than a 100 bucks , then downloaded the PODFarm software from Line 6 as offered for free ! Had a little trouble with getting Logic Pro to recognize PODFarm as a plug-in on my iMac Intel , though it immediately recognized Gearbox . Had very helpful folks at Line 6 who were stymied by the problem too and as it turns out it was a simple fix ONCE I FOUND a folder in the Logic package contents -LRB- right-click on the Logic icon -RRB- called Resources . Inside there is an icon called Logic AU Manager which , when opened , has a list of all the plug-ins available . Well , lo and behold , at the bottom of the list , just under Gearbox , was PODFarm and it was the only one that was n't checked in the left-hand box . I checked it and when Logic opened PODFarm was available . This drove me nuts for several days as I was dying to use the PODFarm . All better now , mommy ! PODFarm is an AMAZING , well-laid out system which has an ungodly amount of sonic possibilities . You 'll find PLENTY for tracking , and I 'm considering getting a Mac laptop and using the Toneport interface -LRB- it has analog outputs -RRB- on gigs . Will need a midi controller to do that effectively . All I can say is , FEAST !
 I was initially just looking for a D.I. box so that i could record rough song compositions straight into my Mac without all the noise . I happened upon this while searching online , I know the LIne 6 name and figured what the hell it 's only a 100 bucks , a DI with a bunch of amp models and FX . What I did n't expect was the range of FX and models and the great sound quality and flexiblity . Like i said i was originally only looking to record very rough comps to share with the other guys in the band , but now i have the full fledged recording bug because my ideas are sounding so good . Granted it 's not sudio quality , but I do n't like the overly glossy recording sound anyway.It 's very easy to use and install , I use it directly into garage band . I just wish it had more classic marshall models.and in hindsight i probably would have paid more for the powered preamp version rather than the DI version i bought . but it 's all good .
 the packaging is not the best however , the guitar is pretty amazing . the night before it was delivered , I had all the intentions of returning it because I thought it will be big for me but then I decided to take a look at it first . the sound of the guitar is pretty decent and the built-in tuner is a big help . . I finally decided to keep it instead ... : -RRB-
 I can use this bench for my electronic piano , and my Irish Harp . I am very pleased with the purchase .
 Four stars instead of five though because it mounts to the cymbal stand with a small screw . It would be much better if it were tapped and screwed down on the post , that way there would be no chance of it damaging the threads on your stand .
 Easy to attach to a cymbal stand , and the nut stays tight instead of slowly loosening like some wingnuts . It 's fine with a loud china if your only using it for crashing . I have a vintage Zildjian Pang china-type cymbal that I tried with this recently , and while it 's fine for crashing , there is some vibration noise when using mallets or using the cymbal as a ride -LRB- this Pang sounds great as a ride ! -RRB- It 's probably not detectable to someone ten feet away , but it 's annoying . Maybe Aquarian should consider adding a felt core to help dampen the noise ... Overall , these are great for china cymbals and/or rides that get hit hard . Probably helps prevent damage ... Note
 Simply stated , these are well made and a great value to protect against key holing . I expect that they will last forever given the quality design .
 easy on and off for cymbals , decreases breakage . this is my second one , have had the first for years . very durable .
 These are awesome for what they do great movement on chinas , cause god knows as a drummer those things get smashed on , my only complaint is the way they install on the threaded rod , a large screw hold it in place ... meaning the threads get JACKED UP ... I recommend a small mod to prevent that by using rubber tool dip , it comes off when heated and melted off but at least you still retain the threads if your not using the springs and longer !! Great Product just needs a sleeve with it !! Drummer for GRINDHOUSE the Zombie experience , Phx AZ
 This cymbal holder is excellent if you 're on gigs and need to set up and break down fast.Also its rock steady once set in place . Allows the cymbal to swing freely . It does take a slight learning curve if you 're a heavy hitter.The yellow spring is perfect for Ride cymbals and chinas.The red spring is perfect for crashes and splashes.Also these springs prevent cymbals from keyholing , which will completely destroy the cymbal sound.Make the investment and protect your cymbals and your sound .
 after going through numerous types of shoulder rests searching for the perfect design i finally found this company . their claims that it may be the most comfortable shoulder rest design are not totally unfounded ... ! highly recommended .
 My son 's starter drum set came with a very low quality , but functional , cymbal stand . Was going to upgrade the felt washers and bolt when I saw the Aquarian Cymbal Spring . Not overly expensive so we tried it.Installation is to remove the bolt and felt washers from the existing cymbal holder . Slide the Aquarian in place and tighten the mounting screw with a flat blade screwdriver . Slide the cymbal on the black mounting frame of the Aquarian and then screw on the top mounting piece . Installation is complete ! It is important to remember that the cymbal is to be enveloped by the colored material of the Cymbal Spring.Our cymbal was a 18 '' ride and we hit it a few time with a drum stick before installing the Aquarian so that we had a reference . We quickly installed the Aquarian and hit it twice more . What a considerable difference in the ring tone clarity and volume.Some people have reported that the mounting screw damaged the threads on their stand . We have not encountered that problem . However , we have not overly torqued the screw either.We later added Sound Percussion cymbal stands and their mounting system is so good that the Aquarian is not needed . In summary , if you have older stands , you will most likely benefit from the Aquarian . If you have newer stands -LRB- less than a year ? -RRB- , you most likely will not need the Aquarian .
 I got a great , i say again , GREAT DEAL on a GREAT item !! I ca n't believe i spent so many years fussing with felts and washers on my cymbal stands !! Between the red -LRB- medium spring -RRB- and the yellow -LRB- heavy spring -RRB- one , I do n't have any more washers and felts !! These are NOT just for china cymbals . The seller was really easy to deal with and shipped SUPER FAST !! Thanks Amazon !!
 My drummer has heavy hands , and plays hard ... these things have already proved themselves while he plays . He was a little apprehensive but once he tried them ... LOVED it .
 This cymbal holder is excellent if you 're on gigs and need to set up and break down fast.Also its rock steady once set in place . Allows the cymbal to swing freely . It does take a slight learning curve if you 're a heavy hitter.The yellow spring is perfect for Ride cymbals and chinas.The red spring is perfect for crashes and splashes.Also these springs prevent cymbals from keyholing , which will completely destroy the cymbal sound.Make the investment and protect your cymbals and your sound .
 Very nice , very very nice . I mounted this onto my drum kit and it is loud , reliable , and full of good tones . I like the ping of striking the side , the kong of smacking the rim , and it makes a huge growly screech when I really wail on it . It 's a very dynamic cowbell , very versatile , and very cheap . I do n't expect it to break anytime soon , either .
 Overall , I 'm pretty satisfied with the Aquarian Double Kick Drum Pad . I play mostly metal music -LRB- In Flames , Escape the Fate , Killswitch Engage -RRB- , and it has protected my bass drum quite well . However , there was one issue that I 'd like to notify any heavy metal drummer interested in this product ; I 'd suggest checking the leverage/tension on the kick pedals before playing to make sure to avoid hitting the pad too hard . I say this because the Kick Pad I have is wearing out somewhat quickly after only a month of use , which is pretty obvious from all the white dust that part of the pad has disintegrated into where the kick pedal is located . Also , while I 'm pretty sure I 'm playing too hard , it may be that the pad is n't the highest quality , and there may be pads out there that have a better endurance rate .
 This kick pad is the best I 've used by far . Far outlasting the cordura patches , etc. . I use this in conjunction with wood beaters to give the desired slap and punch . It also makes a great money saver . Instead of buying a new head , I just replace the patch after it wears through . $ 8 beats $ 40 any day ! Do you and your bass head a favor and get one .
 This kick-pad is excellent . It additionally lowers the sound of your bass drum , so if you 're not satisfied with the sound , this will help . It lasts very long and can take a beating of all kinds , whether you single pedal like Nirvana of double pedal like All That Remains . I highly suggest this kick-pad if you 're looking for one that will last long and protect your bass drum from injury = D
 This guitar sounds sweet with or without the amp . Beautifully sounded and the quality is 5 star as well . I enjoy playing this guitar , when you strum it and pick it , the sound is rich and rings . It also never goes out of tune , just plain worth the money .
 I had moongels before i got these and my moon gels sit to the side . once in a while ill mess around switching them out and end up with these rings back on my drums . id prefer these over moongels anyday but sometimes they seem almost too damp . guess it depends a lot on the heads you have too though -LRB- currently have g2 coated -RRB- . deffinely worth a ten bill to see if they 'll work for you .
 These work very well . I love them for my set , they work to help with tuning and sounds travel . My drums do n't ring through the whole house anymore .
 This is a handy little tool ! I am a medical student and was looking for an all-in-one that I could use while in school . It is extremely handy and I was surprised at how quickly it shipped . Great service and product , would definitely by from again : -RRB-
 Could n't be happier ! Have everything you need for a neuro exam in one instrument ! Should have been a little less bulky - otherwise a great buy !
 excellent product . For those of you whos white coat is weighted down with needless instruments , this is definitely for you . Combine 5 instruments in one .
 I searched for this product because I wanted to have all my equipment for Clinical Skills classes , but without having to bring a huge bag to the hospital . This product proved to be very efficient and handy . I know that I will use it for years to come and I totally recommend it .
 good , every thing very good.Es lo que esperaba , tambien fue enviado en el lapso prometido.Considero que es una buena opcioon para comprar
 Pros
 In general , this combo served me well on neuro rotation . I gave it 4 starts short of 5 because the rubber percussion piece is a nightmare on the white coat , it constantly left black marks on my coat . Also , if it could have been designed to be a tad shorter , it would have been a perfect fit in my white coat pocket .
 I got one of these right when they came out in 2003 before flying to the East Coast to do some shows with my band . It works pretty much like the description says . You put your bass in a soft gig-bag , and then you put that inside this locking case . The case is in two pieces , you put the body end of your bass into the lower piece , and then fit the neck end of the case over that . It locks together really tight , and you have what seemed to me to be a near indestructible cocoon for your instrument . It was designed with traveling in mind , and has convenient wheels on the bottom and a two long handles so you can find the most comfortable grip . You can just walk around in the airport with easy , towing this guy behind you as you go . This will not fit in an overhead compartment , but neither will any other case for most basses . I felt little trepidation about checking my bass while it was locked up tight in this case , although really , anything can happen once your baggage is in the hands of the screeners , and there is n't a case made that can protect your bass from mishandling once it 's out of the case and being inspected . I recommend this over other flight cases based on the price , and the fact that it has wheels . When I ordered it I thought that might be a handy extra feature , but once I was trudging through an airport with all my gear I realized how valuable the wheels are .
 It looks like SKB has fixed the latch issue , but I 've only shipped my bass once so far . Check out the SKB site and read about the newly redesigned latches . The previous reviews on this product are a bit misleading because the latches were definitely a problem when this case first came out.All in all , I 'm satisfied so far . A good investment .
 I have n't been able to put it to the test yet , but you 'll be the first to know!side note , my MONO gig bag BARELY fits . anything smaller will be great .
 I think Aquarian is the best head replacement for any Snare or bass drumheads but I think Remo gots it down on the toms though ... none offense to Aquarian though !! Like I said the Kick Pad sounded complete when I put it on my Aquarian bass drumhead , it gave it a sound that did n't change at all with the punchieness that most drummers out there want , it just makes it more punchier when I thought I was using it and now I believe that it will last my bass drumhead multible years to come and it works best with a new drumhead I think ... just if you want to tell a big change in it 's sound
 I recently bought a Mackie ONYX FireWire I/O Card and Mackie Onyx 1220 12-Channel Mixer . They replaced my DMAN 2044 interfaces I was using . -LRB- I had 3 cards for 12-in , but they did not sync up very well and had a high noise floor ... -RRB- The mixer has nice transparent preamps . I am using a Behringer board for the other 8 preamps -LRB- not very portable at the moment -RRB- . The firewire card works great - I can record all 12 inputs with minimal latency and no dropouts/static , my dynamic range has increased considerably . I am running it all on an underpowered computer -LRB- K6 900MHz -RRB- and it works great . Setup was simple - the autorun.exe -LRB- on the install cd -RRB- did not want to run , but you can install the drivers by going into the driver folder and running setup.exe . I have not had any problems with the software/drivers , I am even using a fairly cheap CompUSA firewire card.I recommend this mixer/firewire combo for any project studio and with additional mic preamps it would be great for mobile recording .
 my toms sounded good , but they were missing something . they would always resonate for sooo long and sounded too high for how low I had the heads tuned ... but then I got these studio rings and made the HUGE difference . my toms sounds amazing and I even put one on my snare . if you 're trying to make your kit sound better , do n't waste money on all these different expensive heads . give these studio rings a shot and you wo n't be disappointed . trust me
 I have been using these dampening rings for years and I am always pleased at their quality and durability . Thanks ...
 I recently bought a new drum set -LRB- Yamaha Birch -RRB- and tuned it for jazz use . I could do a bunch of things to get rid of the elements of the sound that do n't work for rock including retuning but then I would have to reverse the process to get the jazz sound back . OR I could spend around 8 bucks and throw these rings on and seconds later have a very sweet sounding rock/funk/r n b kit . When it came time to be a jazzer again , removing the rings seconds later , the kit was ready to go . Your choice really . Two kits for thousands of $ , or a set of rings for under $ 10 . The money you save could go for some nice cymbals !
 These rings help a ton , to do exactly what they 're supposed to do ; remove overtone.The only reason I left a star off , is because in recording and live sound , is you can sometimes hear the rings rattle.A little duct-tape fixes it right up , though.All around , a good purchase .
 I bought the Aquarian Studio Rings for my kit and let me tell you ; they rock . My kit sounded great before but after I put the studio rings on ... WOW . The subtle annoying undertones and all are gone ! Def . recommend putting these on your kit , you will be amazed . Whoever came up with this concept is a freaking genius ... and probably pretty rich too because they are just circular pieces of plastic ...
 Clean cut , and to the point . The book did not , however , come with the CD , as some editions do.Each song is preceded with the lyrics and poetic translation , and there is a short paragraph on the history of the song . Both composer and poet are listed , as well as the date that the song was written -LRB- if known -RRB- .
 Everything was ok and the book is great.There are all the best hits from the red hot chili peppers.With tablature if you ca n't read sheets .
 There are tips on installation on YouTube ... make sure to watch them ... You can actually do a perfect installation in a couple of hours . Works wonderfully . great
 It is acurate , but if you are looking to tune your guitar/bass on stage in the dark , you might be pressed to see the notes , which are quite small from the standing position .
 I have been using these dampening rings for years and I am always pleased at their quality and durability . Thanks ...
 The Aquarian studio rings work very well at stopping annoying rings and overtones on drums . Great value Great product !! The one downfall I encountered was with Amazon 's packing . Tone rings are laid on top of the drumhead surface and must be FLAT to work properly , My tone rings were shipped in a box not large enough to be laid flat - my rings were Folded to fit box . I spent 3 weeks trying to fix the warped rings so I could use them . Very poor shipping !
 Very good product for the price . Easy to operate and provides a good show when used with a variety of lights . I recommend using the audio RCA input for the trigger . I was a little confused when I noticed a 9V power supply input on the back of the controller . At first I thought I needed a external power supply -LRB- which is not provided in the box -RRB- but realized the controller is actually powered from the relay pack .
 i 've seen reviews of the pres on this unit that say it does n't sound natural and digi design stuff is better blah blah blah . while that may be true , what you 're getting for a little over $ 500 is so much better and more comprehensive that something you 'd get if you spent $ 500 on a new digidesign product . if you 're looking for a recording interface for a small personal studio or additional pres for an existing studio , this is the way to go . solid construction , very easy to use , and as expandable as you want it to be , this is definitely going to be my main rig until i can afford something better . even then , i 'll definitely keep this around to use for 8 extra pres. also , i 've used this with both mac and PC -LRB- running Ableton Live 7 & 8 -RRB- and had no problems .
 Its really quite simple . For the money , this unit is nothing but 5 stars . I had no experience whatsoever and I started to make great recordings out of a spare bedroom . How did I do it ? Simple .1 . -RRB- The 8pre has really good preamps , especially for the price .2 . -RRB- I studied how to make the bedroom into a good live room3 . -RRB- I bought good 200-350 dollar mics . Some were even $ 75.4 . I TOOK MY TIME and did careful positioning of instruments.I know saying that I had no experience will make others say I have no right to say if these pres are good or not , but I 'm not a brand slut . I dont need neve preamps for what I do . Of course they would be great and would tailor the music to a specific need , but for rock music , metal , jazz , country and pretty sparkly stuff , this thing will do just fine . Just take your time and you 'll be fine . Especially if you only have 500-600 dollars to spend on an interface . For those that have more , spend more , but I 'll have this baby for quite some time . I can compare it to previous successful recordings that I have done at expensive studios , and there is n't a whole lot of difference . Especially after I master what I record .
 The MOTU 8pre package has been a great way to bring my studio into the 21st century . In addition to having the 8 quiet on board preamps , it 's given the nucleus of my old rig , an Alesis XT-20 and Mackie 1604 , an on-going role by optically connecting to them for provision of another 8 channels if needed . The bundled AudioDesk 3.2 software , while a lot to get on top of , has proven to be very adaptable and fully featured as well . It 's Firewired into a 4 year old MacBook with 2 gigs of RAM running Snow Leopard , which seems to be enough to head off latency and timing issues so far , though i ca n't say I 've really pushed that envelope .
 I use this device MOTU 8Pre for my home experiments , it works most of the time . But ... Accidentally , unpredictably , it starts BUZZZZIG and HUMMMING at the HIGHEST volume level ! So that , it 's not safe for your ears , not to mention your amps and speakers . And imagine you use it for a real performance !!! This device is not safe !!! It can accidentally produce a signal that can damage your equipment and your ears ! I thought it was because of my Lenovo FireWire chipset ... I tried it with a true TI-based FiWi . Same thing . I 'm a computer programmer , so , I know what I 'm talking about . Please , MOTU guys , please , fix your firmware ASAP !!! That 's impossible to use it as is now ! It 's not good for your reputation , really . My name is Maxim Shemanarev , if MOTU guys do care about their reputation , they HAVE to fix it ASAP !!! Update
 This thing is absolutely amazing ! You get that fabulous warm and fat tube tone for a cheap price . It will turn your solid state amp into a monster . Effect tones are subjective so check out my Silver Dragon mp3 sound clips at www.audiogig.com/stratdude.agg This thing works great for me .
 I put these on my Gibson Dark Fire -LRB- Flame Red Maple Finish -RRB- with an Ebony Fretboard for a Show.They look so sweet and sounded very good.The Area where the Pick hits the Red Starts to wear off especially on the 2 High Strings , but it is only noticeable from close and your hand is generally covering up that are anyways .
 I WAS REALLY SURPRISED ON HOW FAST I GOT THE STRINGS , I DID N'T EXPECTED EM TO ARRIVE SO FAST . GREAT SERVICE , 5 STARS OVERALL
 I had been trying for some years to find this product which I needed to produce the classical whip-crack sound in one of my cabaret shows . I do not know why I had not thought of searching Amazon before , but there it was ! The product itself seems fairly well made . I am concerned that the hinge is not fixed to the clapper as well as I would like but time will tell .
 This was a great addition to my women 's barbershop rendition of Jingle Bells . Having a whip that cracks really adds to the fun of the performance.Toca T-2501 Slapsticks
 Like this triangle but wish I purchased a smaller size . I wanted a higher pitched sound , more like a small bell .
 My 6 year old grand-daughter loves this harmonica . She has it with her at all times . I will be getting another one for my nephew .
 THis has been a huge hit with our 7 year old . She takes it every where she goes . It is easy to play with or without the notes .
 It 's not a real quality harmonica . It weighs very little , but since it 's geared towards kids , it 's perfect . Harmonica sounds pretty good . The included book is slightly helpful in teaching kids how to properly hold it and shows more than a few keys to learn and even some full songs to play . If your child is looking for a musical toy , then I recommend this . If you 're trying to raise your child to be the next Bob Dylan or Neil Young , then look elsewhere .
 My daughter 's friend wanted a harmonica like the one my daughter has . He saw it and asked for one . This was the perfect gift to give for a child showing a little interest .
 Well , first off , I 'd like to share just a short bit of hell that I went through to get this item , and NOT because of Amazon -LRB- they were excellent -RRB- . I did my research for a good 2 weeks trying to find exactly what I needed for the software I 've been using . Currently I 've been spending every night after work enjoying my X-Session Pro with PropellerHead 's Reason 4.0 . Anyways , after doing my research I knew exactly what I wanted and needed . I ended up going to 2 different guitar centers in Manhattan , one of which told me they did n't even carry the item -LRB- even though I had the printed item from guitar center 's website in my bag -RRB- . Anyways , after a long drawn out battle with Guitar Center , including an online order which after a week of not shipping , I had to call THEM , only to find out that GC no longer would carry the item . . absolutely stupid . Ok , I 'm finished complaining , but I only wanted to share this because I finally just got onto Amazon , ordered my X-Session Pro , and BEFORE Guitar Center had even removed the charge from my credit card , my X-Session was waiting for me at my house ... So Cheers to Amazon and it 's excellent Vendors . -LRB- this was free standard shipping as well -RRB- As for the Product . What I like ? It 's VERY VERY light . I can easily take this anywhere I go . Although it 's a bit of an awkward shape . . the knobs are kind of tall , over all , I 'd consider it fairly portable . I would recommend , however , simply throwing in a shirt or some soft cloth material on top of it -LRB- that 's not going to get fuzzies in the controls -RRB- just for some extra padding.The response is very smooth ! I use this with Reason and find the delay time to be very minimal , especially for something that 's working with USB.No power supply needed ! This is one of my favorite features for at the home . It 's powered through the USB bus . HOWEVER - LAPTOP USERS beware ! That means it will drain battery quicker of your laptop when in use , but I ca n't imagine running any audio software / doing anything serious with this without being stationary / plugged in to your power supply.Nice Variety of controls . I love my knobs . . ohhhhh I love my knobs ... I wish I could have 400 , but I do like having 12 knobs and 4 faders or whatever . Another note is that the beauty of this USB device is simply being able to program the controls to your likings . For instance , you can program an oscilator to a fader ... if that suits your style ... so basically you can adjust tempo / levels with knobs or sliders ... it 's kind of nice to have that kind of variety and freedom.Overall , there really is n't anything I do n't ' like about this so far . I do n't use the play/stop buttons , perhaps because Reason simply does not support them , but I 'm not upset . The reason I bought this was to use the control nobs and sliders and it 's perfect for what I wanted.I am for sure a novice at this stuff , but this is certainly an excellent edition to studio . I 'd recommend it to anyone who already owns a keyboard with usb/midi support etc , and does n't want to pay a ton of money to build their own work station. : -RRB-
 I 've been using the X-Session Pro for a few months now , and I have to say , this is an awesome controller . It 's very portable and lightweight -LRB- if only I could say that about the rest of my setup ! -RRB- and has a good response . It 's really easy to set up and it 's given me a ton of extra buttons , knobs , and faders , and is a great counterpart to my M-Audio O2 -LRB- now called `` KeyRig 25 '' -RRB- . Currently I use it for a fairly unconventional setup in Ableton Live , involving eleven separate tracks containing a multitude of full length songs , vocal samples -LRB- speeches and acapellas -RRB- , loops , and one-shots . The X-Session is good , because it allows me to control the volumes for my four main channels , as well as effects on the rest . Overall I would have to say that this is one of the best products around , and I would highly recommend it to anyone . Even better , theMAudio Digital DJ Mixlab Systemcomes with a free version of Torq , which is useful for playing around with mix ideas quickly and easily .
 QUICK REVIEW : -- CONS :1 . Bring your own light !!! It 's not backlit -LRB- which does n't matter at all really -RRB- . At certain points during various gigs when I first got this and was becoming accustomed to the layout , I was straining to see everything . This is easily remedied with a small lamp or LED rig of some sort .2 . The FX knobs are n't notched at the center like the EQ knobs are . A minor issue when you 're Deejaying after you 've become familiar with the device though .3 . Not ideal for scratching or excessively or forceful use because the sliders are n't replaceable . -LRB- See below for more detail on this point -RRB- .4 . No headphone cueing -LRB- see solutions to this item below -RRB- . -- PROS :1 . It weighs less than a hummingbird .2 . The EQ knobs are notched at the center .3 . The sliders feel surprisingly authentic .4 . It 's ultra portable.EXTENSIVE REVIEW : -- Who should buy this?DJ 's who use Torq , Traktor , Live , etc. -- What do you need if you wa n't to cue in Torq/Traktor/Live ? X-Session does n't have a headphone jack for headphone cueing.You 'll need an external audio I/O midi device such as M-Audio Conectiv , or Traktor Audio 6 . I recommend the Traktor Audio 6 or Traktor Audio 10 because then you can output multiple virtual decks to a physical mixer as well as output Live to the same mixer and give them all their own physical channels via midi and cue via the mixer or the Traktor I/O device . Another benefit to the Traktor Audio 6 or the Conectiv is that they 're ` scratch ' capable , meaning that , with the right software setup , you can use time-coded vinyl to control your virtual decks in Torq or Traktor . Please research all the options before making a purchase on such a setup though , do n't just take my word for it . -- But the sliders are n't replaceable ?????!?! I use this to mix in a fairly mellow fashion -LRB- House , Trance , Drum and Bass , Dub-Step , etc -RRB- . I do n't scratch with this . If you wa n't something more sturdy with replaceable items , get something else like a real mixer . If you 're marginally rough with this and not pounding the sliders all over the place it 's probably not going to break . M-Audio makes very good products that last years and years if you treat them appropriately . DO N'T GET THIS IF YOU WANT TO SCRATCH . Get a Traktor Audio 2 , 6 , or 10 if you want to scratch , then you can bus things out to a physical mixer that can withstand scratching and excessive abuse . -- How does it feel?Great ! The volume and pitch sliders both have a certain resistance to them that feels fantastic when mixing in both Torq , Traktor or Live . The sliders feel really great . I ca n't understate that . They feel better than my DJM 3000 sliders did when it was brand new -LRB- which costs about $ 800 dollars more -RRB- . Compared to a Tech 1200 , I 'd say the sliders are about half way to feeling that good . For a midi device , I think that 's impressive . -- Is it easy to set up?On OSX , yes . You do n't need drivers for OSX and programs that are midi capable -LRB- Live , Torq , Traktor , etc. -RRB- all make it very easy to set up each control very , very quickly . -- Can you play this like an air guitar at a big event?Yes , but it wo n't make any music :-LRB- -- Should you play this like an air guitar at a big event at the risk of looking very silly?No , but if you do it will make people smile -LRB- some experience required -RRB- .
 I 've owned this mixer for a bit over 3 years and use it maybe every month or two to make a mix of my favorite electronic tracks of the moment . For the initial investment of about $ 100 , I ca n't complain . It does what I need it do in Traktor Pro 2 . I 'm not one for fancy effects and filters , but this can cover some more advanced items . I have one of the buttons set to turn the filter on/off and another knob controls the filter . One knob on each side controls FX 1 and 2 . The rest cover basics like levels and gain.I would have given it 5/5 stars but the only downside is how touchy some things are . If you accidently smack the cross fader while playing with the mixer it will move quite a bit . The 4 slide channels in the lower half of the mixer are all fairly sturdy , but the cross fader has pretty much no tension behind it . The knobs are not that tight either and you can watch the gains change from 0.0 to -0.2 all by itself from time to time.Other than that , great mixer for someone who does n't really need it for going to gigs and just wants to throw together a mix once in a while .
 I 've just recently started DJing , and I bought one of these as my first controller when they were $ 30 . Does n't have any very special features , but it gives you a lot of knobs , buttons , and sliders to program to what you want . It 's a pretty good size , fits nicely in my backpack . It 's all plastic , so be careful with it , but it does n't seem like its cheaply built ; I 've gone pretty psycho on the sliders a few times , and they did n't feel like they were giving out . I think anyone who wants to DJ seriously needs a better main mixer than this , but it would be excellent addition for just getting some extra MIDI controls , or dedicate it to controlling decks 3 and 4 when you do n't need a lot controls . Just get creative with your controller mappings , and you can make this a very powerful tool for little money . I set my L and R arrows to cycle though advanced effects in Traktor , the 3 numbered knobs control the effect parameters , and the pitch slider turn on the effect and controls it 's dry/wet . Overall , I 'm very happy with this product and the price I got it at .
 I bought this simply to make some basic mixes as well as play some casual parties with more control than a simple Itunes playlist . This has definitely worked well and suited my needs.I will point out that there is no headphone output on the controller , so you will need a usb soundcard or a special headphone splitter if you want to use your headphones while mixing . Also , the included Torq LE is very basic and lacks some features that more experienced DJs would want , therefore you will most definitely want to upgrade to a more advanced program.All in all though , this controller 's functionality as an entry level item is great and has worked extremely well . The sliders and knobs are easy to use and it has an intuitive design . Worth the money if you are looking for a cheap way to test out mixing .
 IF YOU LIKE THE DIGITAL MUSIC ... THIS IS A GOOD TOOL ... LET 'S PLAY THE MUSIC DJ !!!
 My daughter loves these she has a bass guitar and she says that she feels hip with these ... she like the way they feel and durability .
 I have 10 of these bulbs so far . I use them in a two-bulb table lamp . I estimate that the two-bulb combination gives off about the same amount of light as a 60 watt bulb . They have a light-blue cast to them , and they are not adequate to read by ; however , they provide sufficient light for conversations at night . I 'm in the process of replacing every bulb in the table lamps , closets , and over the kitchen sink lights . With every light in the house turned on , I will be drawing less than 100 watts.For additional light during the daytime , I 've installed solar tubes in the hallway and bathrooms .
 This collection of bugle calls is literally just what I needed . it covers all the basics for the Civil War Union camp and does so clearly . The accompanying text is insightful . and the CD a big bonus when I loan it out to my students to learn calls .
 I just spent some time with some replica antique bugles and I havebeen able to play the exact notes of the Mel Bay Infantry Bugles Calls of the AmericanCivil War by George Rabbai . Hence even though some are of modern manufacture , the makersare in complete accordance with 1862 US construction standards , and I can play the 1862bugle calls perfectly . I check with a modern digital guitar and keyboard tuner . I do notknow exactly who made one of my replica bugle since there is no engraving or stamping inthe brass metal , but it does have the 1862 type letters US and wreath . I suspect that somemore modern bugles will be higher pitched than this replica of 1862 . One of my antiquebugles is a 1920s Chicago Ludwig , that I played at Wisconsin State Fair August 14 , 2011 , with Bugles Across America .
 The title is apt ; this is infantry bugle calls used during the Civil War . Short comments with each call are done well and give the reader a good sense of the purpose of the call . The historic quotes are great , and give a deeper understanding of the soldiers life and how bugle calls were an important part of daily life . The CD of the calls is good . The music is in large clear notation , although a few fermatas appear over bar lines instead of notes . Time signatures are given in beats per minute and Italian terms , which often do n't seem to match . All in all , it is very nicely done .
 This was a surprising purchase . I actually added these to my cart to my my total cart price go up a few dollars , so that I would qualify for free shipping . So these picks cost me negative dollars . That notwithstanding , I would buy them again because they actually turned out to be the best picks I 've ever owned . They are pretty light , but have a nice weight to them , and do n't feel like cheapy plastic . I use they way too often , and no breaks yet . I 'm happy !
 I needed a mute for a concert and I did ` nt have one yet . I remembered of my french teacher saying that Denis Wick was a good reference . It sound really great , it is well made , nice wood finish . The bas point is that you must buy the bag separately . At this price , they could put a simple bag , because sometime you do n't use it for month and do n't put it in your instrument case .
 So I got my horn mute , and I really really like it . I like the way it sounds when I play , and I like the way it looks . The other horn players here at the conservatory are a bit jealous . But really , it 's a horn mute , nothing too intense about it .
 Being a first time Amazon customer , I was a little apprehensive ordering a high ticket item at such a spectacular price on line . The item , a Dean Vendetta 3.0 electric guitar , arrived in a very timely manner and undamaged . As Dean has a very good reputation for quality workmanship , I had high expectations for this axe , and Dean did n't let me down . The monochromatic black onyx finish is down right sexy.Beautifully faired and polished , it resembles a grand piano finish . But the stunning looks were just a prelude to the well balanced tone , awesome sustain , features , and playability that even makes me sound good . Vendetta is truly a versatile guitar that can be dialed in to be fat , meaty , clean , or mean . Simply put , it can sing like an angel , or scream like a demon.I personally own two Epiphones , an Ibanez , and a Fender , and have played everything from Hagstom to Hamiltone guitars . But I 'm so impressed with this Dean Vendetta , my next guitar purchase will surly be another Dean.As far as my first experience with Amazon , I 've placed 14 more orders since this one , enough said.Rock n Roll , Mark
 The graphics are cool as heck but where these really shine is what they 're made of . It 's a harder plastic than Dunlop 's Tortex picks and lasts WAY longer . I mod my picks with a pointier end , first scraping with a knife and then smoothing with 1000 grit paper . They respond very well to this and end up looking factory made like that . They last a LONG time . I stocked up on my 1.0 mm ones in case they stop making them .
 these are great picks . i ordered them and they were sent the same day . they arrived in three days for standerd shipping . the guy who sent it to us was prompt , and efficiant . awesome designs , what else do you need . i recomend these picks to anyone .
 I recieved my order in a well timed fashion and I am very happy with the product .
 Very nice , but in all fairness , I used these to make jewelry and not use as they were intended . Graphics looks good .
 Good all around guitar pick . Pretty thick , but not thick like a bass pick or anything . May be a little too thick for ska or just fast strumming . Nearly indestructable . Put many hours on these guys and have had zero failures . Good for any rock playing . The colors are vibrant and the designs by my opinion are pretty cool . I highly recomend these picks . Your everything guide - Andrew
 I purchased this item as a gift for my son . He seems to think of them a very good gift and helps him to save his finger while he learns how to play the guitar .
 Great picks by an awesome company in a very cool design.What do you want more ?
 This line of colorful mouthpieces is really fun ! I actually felt that it did help somewhat with mouth fatigue and of course , it does n't get cold like a metal mouthpiece if you 're playing outside . It 's a great mouthpiece but I would suggest keeping a standard silver one as well .
 I use these as a mallet for my drum set , and I think these makes the best sound , now im just writing to fill up the minimum words requirements
 8th street music did a great job on packaging and getting this out to me right away * all the way across the USA * in a few days ! This product was in perfect shape and it is the best keyboard I 've ever owned !! A must have for any musician who uses their computer for sound banking/vst host !
 These sticks were not only crafted by a master company of stick-crafters , but they were also designed by one , too ! These sticks have great balance , they 're not too light or heavy , hard or soft , and they 're made specifically for vibraphone so they do n't break the tone when you play at different dynamic levels like what happens with other sticks . Great buy !
 My son needed these for school -LRB- college -RRB- . They were required . I found them here for less than any other place online . With such an extensive list of specific items required for his classes , it 's always great to find exactly what is needed for less .
 Perfect for de vibes man !! Give enough pow to your jazz style . Love mallet keyboards ... that 's all to be said . : D
 My kids love this little harp . It is easy enough for them to play familiar songs . Also made with fairly sturdy materials . A good buy , overall .
 Bought this for my grandson 's 6th birthday . It was one thing that he said he wanted for his `` band '' that he wanted to start with his cousins . Ordered it 5 days before his birthday and was surprised when we received it in 2 days , with standard shipping . He put the music in as soon as he opened it , and started playing a song right away . Real happy with this purchase .
 My granddaughter enjoys playing this musical instrument . She also plays violin so this helps her understand music , as she can see the skips and steps in the melody on her harp .
 My daughter -LRB- age 8 -RRB- loves this and could play instantly . It arrived a little out of tune , but that 's to be expected . The sound is soft and lovely and far better than the grating squeaks of a recorder .
 You can get this for a three year old and you would be glad you did if he/she took an interest in it . But if he/she does not take to it , perhaps you should wait for a year or two and then reintroduce him or her to it . In any case you will be very glad you bought the product , as it let 's you know whether your child , at an early age , has an interest or aptitude for it . As a result of using the product , my grand-daughter of 6 is now studying the piano , and his brother of 9 is studying the guitar . By the way , large harps are expensive , but worth while investing in them if a student is serious ; you child will eventually be able to earn lots of money playing it . Where ? Weddings , funerals , many other solemn occasions . This small harp is an ideal way of seeing how serious someone really is , who has expressed an interest in music .
 We found out about this toy from a friend . It is such a great simple musical instrument.I bought this product from the seller Bid It Adieu . The condition said NEW but my husband opened it on Christmas day there were a lot of parts missing . I have contacted the seller multiple times but have yet to hear back . I am frustrated that I am unable to rate the seller directly as it has been over 90 days since I have purchased this product . I did n't doubt that some parts will be missing since it said `` NEW '' and the seller had high rating on Amazon . Yes I have learned my lesson . I am sad that this had happened to my husband 's christmas present and not just something that I bought for myself . I am leaving this feedback here in hopes that this will help others who are considering to purchase things from Bid It Adieu . WORST SELLER EVER !!!
 I bought this for a young man with challenges . It is more difficult to play than I expected . If the player is not directly over the strings , the dot does n't appear under the correct string . The dots are close together and difficult for some people to follow in the correct order . It would be fine for someone with dexterity and good visual-spatial abilities -- not so good for people with challenges .
 it is very well made and has a pretty sound , although it goes out of tune easily . It is easy to tune with the tuning key provided . I really like that it comes with a lifetime string replacement warranty
 I got this harp for my daughter 's seventh birthday , and within minutes of opening the package , she was playing tunes . For a family not noted for musical aptitude , that was impressive . It must be the easiest instrument in the world to play . For the price , I think this is a well built piece . My only complaint is that tuning is quite difficult . The tiniest turn of the wrench sharps or flats the note rather drastically . That 's not necessarily a defect ; just be aware that it 's an easy instrument to play , but challenging to tune correctly . Overall , a great way to get kids enthused about playing an instrument .
 We gave this to our daughter because she has many happy memories of hearing the lap harp being played for her when she was a young child . She said it was very relaxing and interesting for her as a child . She loves having this lap harp and plays it for her own child now ! He is a toddler and enjoys hearing the lap harp songs that she plays for him and `` helps '' his Mommy play the songs . They are creating a family tradition and more happy memories !
 I 'll get the downside out of the way first
 Definitely buy this for older rather than younger child because it is a challenge . It is a beautiful instrument that the adults ca n't keep their hands off of-fun for the whole family . Excellent quality . Buy the extra music sheets-too .
 My soon to be 6-year old daughter just loves her new harp . She struggles a little bit with the inserts as they do n't quite line up with the lines but she 's getting used to it . One minor complaint is that the strings do go out of key so make sure you keep the tuner handy .
 We bought this instrument for our 41/2 year old . She could immediatly play all the songs and even learned some others on her own ! We love this lap harp and would recommend it to anyone who would like a nice easy instrument for their family .
 This melody harp is so cute , easy , and fun to play . I love it ! I bought it for myself , but any of the kids that come to visit can pick it up and knock out a recognizable tune first try . Unfortunately , several of the strings came out of tune . It came with a tuner tool , but if I had an ear for music I would be playing a real harp . I will have to pay someone to tune it for me and I am not sure where to have that done . That said , I ordered extra music for it , Christmas songs
 This is a fantastic gift for young kids . The music that comes with it makes it easy for them to play it is great for those not quite old enough to start reading sheet music with a more standard instrument . Sounds beautiful ! My niece has been wanting to play the harp for years so her parents decided this might be a good starter string instrument until she 's a little older . She picked it up quickly and loves it !
 The Melody Harp is a lot of fun to play . I enjoyed it immediately . However I did not realize how sensitive the tuning was and broke a string right away . The good thing is that they give you one replacement string with the kit and they supply you with a lifetime of strings . The biggest problem is it goes out of tune fast . But if you have patience it is easy to tune . I like it a lot and would recommend it before you buy any other stringed instrument like a dulcimer .
 Our 4 year old grandaughter has been asking for a harp for months . We saw the reviews for this one and are very happy with our purchase.Very good quality . Perhaps soon she 'll be performing on YouTube!One suggestion for buyers is to also buy a tuning instrument -LRB- pitch pipe -RRB- as the harp strings need to be tuned .
 Bought this for our 7 year old daughter and she loves it . Most instruments are so loud and not fun to hear played , but this harp has a very pleasant , soft sound . From the beginning she has been able to play the songs . It is a little hard to tune , but luckily I have a violin repair apprentice in the family that was able to do it for me . Would definitely purchase again .
 THESE ARE LOTS OF FUN !!!!!! NOT HARD TO PLAY AND SOUND LIKE HARPS ! YOU CAN EVEN MAKE UP YOUR OWN `` MAGICAL '' SONGS ! BUY TODAY !!!! YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPOINTED -LRB- P.S. I DO N'T RECOMMEND IT FOR LITTLE KIDS 10 AND UNDER MAYBE -RRB- : -RRB-
 My parents got this as a gift for my 7yo , and we were hoping that the case shown in the picture would be included . No such luck!As others have noted , it comes way out of tune , and you 'll need someone with a good enough ear to tune it , and a tuned instrument or a pitch pipe for the reference tones . Alternatively , -LSB- ... -RSB- will tell you what frequency each string is currently at , and -LSB- ... -RSB- will play a reference tone.My 7yo has gotten hours of use out of this in the week she 's had it . Definitely a good purchase !
 My daughter is four and recieved this as a gift from her grandparents . It is sturdy and a perfect starter instrument . She was playing in one afternoon . We plan on putting her in piano in a year and I think this is a chance for her to ease into the process . She gets to look at the `` sheet of music '' and begins to understands that the circles coorispond with notes to be played . She enjoys the feeling of accomplishment and we enjoy listening .
 What a glorious instrument ! This is so beautifully crafted and the sheet music is wonderful . . We bought it as a gift for our 9 year old and , truth be told , the teenagers and the adults love it too !!! I 've since ordered additional music packs and they 're great too . Skip the cheap ones that are on the market and buy this one .
 I was excited when this finally came in the mail , I also ordered a pack of 48 songs sheets to go with it and happily they arrived the same day so I could start right away . If you are buying this , you should also buy other songs to go with it for sure . I myself plan to buy a case for this to keep everything together so also consider ordering one with a case to begin with.When I pulled it out of the box it looked very well crafted , only 2 strings seemed out of tune and I was easily able to tune them by ear with the tool that came with the harp . It also came with an extra string , it 's own pick , and a lifetime string replacement certificate , as well as a few sheets of music -LRB- so now I 'm up to 60 + songs -RRB- . This lap harp has a very smooth , sweet sound to it , you can easily play this pizzicato , but I prefer to use my metal pick I already had to make a sharper sound . Keeping this on a table where it can be interacted with by guests is for sure a fun idea because it is so easy to play !
 I ordered one of these for an Epiphone SG G-400 and it works and looks great . Easy installation and very good quality . I seem to be getting more sustain with this bridge over the stock SG bridge . Also , I had to contact the seller ahead of time to see if this would work on my guitar . Excellent customer service , super friendly and fast shipping !
 What can I say , it 's just what I needed , it 's a very good looking piece and I 'm not really shure yet , but I even think it actually made my guitar sound a little bit better , I own a Washburn WI64 -LRB- not a gibson though -RRB- , anyway , great piece !
 These sticks are very nice ! They 're quite similar to your standard 5A pitch-paired sticks , but they 're just a little bit shorter . Playing these sticks with the blunt side out gives you a tremendous , focused and powerful stroke , with a nice beefy feel . Meanwhile , the tapered tip side provides a gracefully smooth and controllable response ... A very versatile pair of sticks indeed!You just ca n't beat these for the price , so I bought two pairs ... I should have bought a dozen !!! Maybe I will if these break any time soon ... Highly recommend these sticks !!!
 These are the best sticks to play . They were for my brother . The order arrived on time and perfectly packed .
 I ca n't recall to have had sticks as good as those . They are really well balanced , they have exactly the characteristics Jojo name -LRB- size of a 5A , weight and feel like a 5B -RRB- and I sort of feel I 'm flying while playing with them . Not surprise at all that they are now my first choice , for drums or pad . There 's an important remark to be made though
 The sticks are just as advertised , they are a little shorter then most sticks they are holding up well , still on my first pair from December.Amazon is a little over priced I would suggest checking around before purchasing them for a better deal .
 Love these strings . I , replaced my Elixer Strings after 3 weeks and went back to the DR Rare Because I missed the beautiful voice they have . Exceptional low and high end . Church music ministry for 25 years , Ibanez and Ovation 12 String , Ovation 6 string . As you can imagine I 've played a lot of different Brand strings . Let me say that this is the only one I would rate and review .
 Bronze is not magnetic , so it can not be used well on a guitar with magnetic pickups . Steel lacks the warmth of bronze . DR Zebra strings are hand-wound with alternating bronze and steel which make them the perfect choice for the entire line of 2 and 3 voice guitars from Godin . The LGX , Flat 5 and Montreal can really show there stuff with these strings . Though you simply will never get a true/realistic , full bodied acoustic sound , they do have a much warmer sound to them than straight steel . There are a few video examples on YouTube if you search for Godin Montreal and DR Zebra .
 As promised , they work better with magnetic pickups than traditional acoustic strings . Unamplified , they lack the warmth and volume of traditional acoustic strings , but they sound better unamplified than GHS White Bronze -LRB- another great acoustic/electric string -RRB- , though the White bronze sounds even better with a pickup than the Zebras do . So , there 's a tradeoff . The better the suited the string is for a magnetic pickup , the more its unamplified sound is sacrificed . The Zebras find a pretty good middle-ground .
 I 'm not a guitar expert or anything but these strings sound great with a Piezo Under-saddle pick-up , and are warm enough for playing unplugged . Just saying ...
 I 'm mostly an electric guitarist , so do n't have much experience with different acoustic guitar strings . However , having picked up a very special CB Alyn Rosebud acoustic/electric , I needed strings that gave electric guitar feel , but sounded great using the piezo pickup . In conversation with CB , he stated that these strings sound the best with his guitars , so I gave them a try . The sound is much better now , and the play-ability is excellent . Two thumbs up !
 You have to have this part of the box if you want the rest of the effect to work . I believe they do not sell them separate any longer and you have to have it if your going to get the module to work . The cool thing is that any of the modules will work in the box part so if you can find the modules separate from the box at a low price then get them because the price will go way up when line6 sells them as one unit .
 Not made anymore so the review might not help . You can not replace the modules anymore
 Plus Side : - Very solid piece of machinery with good finish detail on all surfaces . Not as good as the newer Hardwire designs , but better than the tin case pedals like the Rocktron Botique series . - Push-buttons on the sides of the pedal allow easy access to the battery . - Allows use of snap-in ToneCore modules - push button on back allows removal of snap-in modules for quick change out . - Fairly heavy with rubber padded bottom that keeps it from moving around when stomped on . - Pedal accomodates Tap mode if modules support it.Negative Side : - Taller than most pedals , so if you use a pedal box , could interfere with it closing . - To remove modules , you also have to unscrew two hex screws in addition to using the push-button -LRB- I usually just leave these partially unscrewed to allow quickly swapping the modules -RRB- . - Pedal Tap function is fairly smooth , but you have to press down fairly hard for on/off , and it can sometimes make a distinct click sound you can hear through the amp -LRB- something like the Boss NS-2 or Rocktron Guitar Silencer can usually gate/suppress this out -RRB- . - Cost - why would you buy a Mono Dock , $ 49.99 , when you can buy the full pedal -LRB- Dock plus $ 19.99 Module -RRB- for the same price , $ 69.99 . In fact , you can usually find the Stereo Dock plus a module like the Liqua Flange or Space Chours for $ 69.99 - that 's cheaper than the Stereo Dock by itself , $ 79.99 . - This has nothing to really do with the Dock 's themselves , but the ToneCore modules that snap into them . Althought the functionality and effects are pretty nice , they are made of cheap plastic with just a thin sheet metal cover/label on the top and the knobs and knob stems are plastic so that you could eaisly stomp one and break it off . Does not include anything like a Stomp Lock provided by Hardwire to prevent kicking the knobs . Also , the tab on the backside of the module that locks them into place with the push button on the back of the pedal is plastic and I could see this breaking eventually . Modules are not true pass-through either and tend to generate more noise than some of the other pedal brands like Boss , Hardwire , Electro-Harmonix , etc. , especially the Constrictor.aT0mic PorkCH0P
 The concept is simple . Allow 1 pedal to host , many different effects . I do n't know how practical this is in a live performance situation , but for a tone/effects/experimentation nut it is perfect . If you like to experiment with sounds , this is exactly what you want . For the 50 for the pedal , plus around 20-40 bucks each more or less for I think there are 9 effects modules right now , you could have for about 200-400 bucks total in essence 9 different high quality effects pedals , where normally it would run around 900-1000 for 9 dedicated pedals -LRB- at about 100 each -RRB- . -LRB- Granted you could only use one at a time . -RRB- I have a pedal board with 1 of these in it , and I am swapping out right now the otto filter , the chorus , and a flanger . The pedal is pretty heavy , well built , and I do n't see it causing a problem any time soon.I am not sure what the deal is these days with the tonecore line , they seem to be sold out everywhere and are hard to get . A lot of the modules are going for 20 dollars . I have heard there are no plans to discontinue the line . They have been around awhile also , since 2004-2005 I believe.Also I have heard people complain that is is difficult to swap out the modules . This has been working for me
 I 've been playing guitar religiously for the past couple years and have tried at least a dozen types of strings looking for a good sound . I kept coming back to these for two reasons . Most importantly , they sound great . The strings sound natural and balanced . Secondly , and what separates them from others , RARE strings loose their tone much more gradually giving them 2 to 3 times more life than other strings . I 've had some strings loose their tone overnight and sound just awful come replacement time . Even on the day I change the RARE 's out they still sound `` ok . ''
 I have been playing guitar for over 40 years and this is the best string I have ever used and I 've tried just about all of them . Crisp sound and stay in tune.I would recommend anyone to try these .
 This package deal is good because you save more money than buying them individually . The bells are big and definitely make a loud , clear , jingling sound . I am a music therapist and I use them with people from 3 years of age to adults . The Velcro makes it adjustable so they can fit -LRB- almost -RRB- any size wrist . The only reason why I gave them 4 stars is only because I wish there were more colors than just blue , yellow , purple , and red . Those are nice colors , but they should have other colors , too . Also , the Velcro is pretty strong , so some kids have a hard time pulling them apart .
 I lead an early childhood music and movement course , and the kids love these bells . I have purchased enough that everyone can put on one each arm and leg , if desired , and we move in different ways to make the bells ring . The package is a good value , very colorful and good sounds . The bells are all secured well on the velcro .
 I saw these bells and thought they would be great for my needs in using them wit Special Ed kids . They are sturdy ans nice and loud . The sound is a little more mellow than bells I have gotten from music companies , but they work really well and I am pleased with the quality for the price !
 It met my expectations ! Same size and colors . I wish I could purchase one solid color only I instead of multicolored
 Especially for music-loving toddlers , these wrist bells are a sensory delight
 Lots of fun to have when involving young children . They can all take park in the fun without embarrassment . I love them .
 I 'm a professional horn player and teacher . This is a good tool for beginning brass players , certainly a better option than holding the mouthpiece separately and buzzing on it . It does n't quite provide amazing or fast results , but what can ? For my youngest struggling student it seemed tp make things harder , probably because it just works / feels different than playing into the horn . I did n't find it as helpful for myself -LRB- professional level -RRB- for the same reason , though I know other advanced players who like them , and an intermediate student of mine seems to do really well with it . To be fair , I 'm not a big proponent of mouthpiece buzzing anyway , and if you are -LRB- eg if you warm up that way every day , or whatever -RRB- you 'll probably like this quite a bit.In short , it 's worth trying out . Even if you do n't love it and use it a lot , it will teach you something new about your playing which is always useful . It 's a nice tool to have around .
 the BERP -LRB- Buzzing Extension and Resistance Piece -RRB- is an EXCELLENT tool for brass players of every caliber . mine stays with or on my horn constantly , added to the brass mouthpiece it takes buzzing to the next level . I use it in my warm-ups and to work through sections I just ca n't seem to get .
 Here 's a Delay Pedal with incredible depth that 's sure to delight even the most discerning musician . From Ultra Clean Repeats to even the most dirtiest `` Tube '' Driven Delays this Pedal Has it All!Only recommendation -LRB- and the reason why I gave this pedal 4 stars -RRB- replace the ` stock ' 12AX7 Tube with a good quality -LRB- I used a Mullard -RRB- 12AU7 . Tonal Bliss!Check one out , with the right tube this delay will send you places you have only dreamed a good delay can do .
 I 've been using eggs and a larger version of this for years ... the eggs were just to `` too little '' for most band use and the original size was just too large -LRB- and heavy -RRB- to be using for my taste . This one is just right . It 's very light and easily balanced in one hand plus the sound is not `` too tiny '' , it has some body and depth to it which makes it perfect for acoustic use while still maintaining that cut needed to be heard in a full band . This will pretty much be the shaker of choice for me now and in the future .
 I 'd highly recommend this product to all brass players . It 's very beneficial to improve the sound quality , accuracy and dynamic range !
 This ganza offers a soft unobtrusive yet ear-catching sound , and really shines in acoustic settings , but do n't rule out ANY type of music . It 's volume and sharpness are somewhat controllable by the way it 's held and the force with which it 's shaken . As a percussionist , I feel lost at any gig without one now , and in addition to my regular full rack/table , have added one to my small `` jam bag '' .
 Did a lot of online shopping for a good quality cymbal bag and settled on this one by Gator to go with my Wolfpak drum cases -LRB- WP does n't make a cymbal bag that I know of -RRB- . This bag is sturdily made and looks like it will hold up to what I will throw it 's way . There are removable dividers that are very soft and will bathe up to eight of your pies in comfort . This bag also comes with a shoulder strap and one back-pack style strap that I found curious at first , but actually makes sense as it wo n't slip as easily as the regular shoulder strap . Of course it has standard handles as well if you want to carry it.Overall , it looks like this bag will provide me years of service doing what it designed to do . Nice job Gator , and well done Amazon , as usuall !
 This is a very good software program for converting printed music into actual music as well as into usable computer midi files . If you are keyboard challenged and have a bunch of old sheet music lying around and want to know what it would sound like , just scan the music sheets into your computer and Smartscore can convert it into karaoke style music with you following the bouncing ball in just a few minutes . Of course there are many other musical uses as well as described in the included 266 page User Manual.A similar product from Visiv in England called SharpEye , about the same price , does better in accurately scanning with less mistakes , but it has far fewer features .
 Please do n't buy this software it does n't work well at all , it was a waste of my money . One page of my music came out alright after I had to do a little work on it , like scanning about 10 times . But the other two pages were completely wrong . I spent more time correcting the errors then I would have just writing the music out right in finale print music . The free software that comes with Finale print music is better than the one I bought for $ 169 . . I had to uninstall it and just use the free one which is a whole lot better.Please please please do n't waste your money ---------------- update ------------ After going through two,all-in-one scanner - printers , I did more research and found that a stand alone scanner would work better . I wish they had told me this before I purchase the new HP all-in-one printer , however I did buy a stand-alone cheap Canon scanner and now everything is working fine , sorry for the scathing review before . please please please buy a standalone print and save yourself the headache that I put myself through . Once again I want to say sorry to Smart Score and please put more i emphasis on a stand alone scanner . Now this is a great product thank you
 completely BERPly in design and utility.I use mine for buzzing a mouthpiece while driving for some embouchure exercie.I guess if you 're more ambitious , you can mount it on your horn , too . My problem here is that the state police frown on wielding a horn while driving on the interstate ... Somehow I lost the semicircular ring that partially blocks the holes -- I can only imagine my pre-K daughter did something with it when I was n't watching -- but that has n't been a great loss . It 's still totally adequate .
 My son is in band he loves this addition to his equipment & loves it overall . He will continue to use & enjoy . .
 I 've been wanting one for so long ! and it came pretty quickly ! Now i can really get started with my Phantom Regiment training ; -RRB-
 This is so much fun to use . I am impressed how it is helping me as a trumpet player . I will say it is much more useful to use with a properly tuned piano , which I do n't always have access to , because it can really train your ear to pitch match .
 My daughter needed this for jazz band . She is a junior in high school and has been in jazz band since 7th grade . This is a quality item and works great !
 great tool to help brass students with breath control and pitch accuracy ! I thoroughly recommend it for use in warm-up and sectional rehearsals especially with beginners !
 Just as expected , great item for training , works with mellos . Item arrived on time and in great condition . Information on web site very helpful in picking the correct product .
 I found this item on Amazon for the cheapest price out there . It is exactly what the music stores sell but at a better price -LRB- including shipping and handling -RRB- The berp works perfect for our trumpet and it is holding up pretty good - not flimsy or cheap plastic that breaks very easily . I would recommend purchasing this if you have a beginner that is learning to play a trumpet or any other instrument that you could use a berp for . Its helped our child tremendously his first year of playing . Well worth getting ! Side note I recieved this quicker then waiting for the music store to restock - and I did n't have to drive to go get it , it was delivered to my house , which the music store is over an hour away round trip driving for us .
 It was recommended by a music teacher . I played trumpet waaaayyyy back in junior high school almost 34 years ago . Buzzing helps you build your embouchure , and you could also practice fingering when attached to your trumpet . By attaching it you feel less silly about making buzzing sounds and not music . It 's worth the price , and of course Amazon had it for the lowest price around .
 This is an awesome product I am just starting out on trumpet and this is a great item to mouthpiece buzzing and finger along .
 Delivery itself was quick . The package comes with exercises both in Bass and Treble Clef . Clamping it on the lead pipe is a breeze . If you ca n't seem to figure it out there are instructions . The thing that makes it unique is the resistance dial . It is reccomended for beginners to adjust it all the way in . It also helps you warm up quietly . Overall great product a must have if you want to develop your range quickly .
 i like this instrument alot the only draw back i have is fitting a shoulder rest on it that makes it comfortable to play the sound is good and stays in tune fairly well just akward to hold while playing
 Bought for our daughter who plays the violin -LRB- of course -RRB- and she loves it . Nice sound , good quality and price . She is happy having an electric violin to play would recommend this to someone out there looking for an electric violin that does n't want to break the bank . Since kids like to change their minds about what they like on a daily basis did n't want to spend a fortune on something that tomorrow she would n't like anymore . Great product !
 Its not the same as the picture however it is very simalar , its made of plastic , but does hold a tune quite well the headphones it comes with are pretty nice , the bow is fairly good quality , i just wish it was the violin from the picture as the one is the picture is clearly wooden and this one is not . im overall satisfied with this product as it is a good learners Violin for someone like me who is just starting out im just slightly dissappointed that i didnt get what i thought i was paying for
 Violin is a good one for a first electric . Did not come with any instructions on how to put the bridge on . We had our violin teacher put it on and tune for the first time . We did have a string break right away because we tried to keep it in tune . The pegs slipped quite a bit . Bought all 4 new strings and had those put on along with fine tuners on all four strings . Has worked much better for our daughter . I would plan on investing a little more in better strings and the tuners . We paid about 40.00 for strings and tuners We have not had a problem since .
 This a very good beginner violin , but IT HAS NO INSTRUCTIONS FOR ANYTHING !!!!! WHERE ARE THE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS ?!?!?!?!?!?! The bridge was hard to install , there was no help with the strings , and is NOT SILENT as it implies ! You can clearly hear the sound of it even with the headphones in . It has very good sound and good body . But it gives no help with anything , and could use some improvement . BUT it is a good beginner violin and I am happy with it AFTER I did several hours research and several failed tries to get the bridge in and the strings tuned , and the bow ready for use . MY ADVISE IS , THIS IS A GOOD VIOLIN , BUT GET HELP TO PUT IT TOGETHER AND USE A MUSICAL STORE FOR HELP . DO NOT TRY TO DO IT YOURSELF ! YOU CAN EASILY BREAK THE BRIDGE AND STRINGS .
 Pretty color , bridge not as good as it could be . Too easy to hit two strings at the same time . Good sound . Was missing the tuner out of the package.Over all I was pleased with the purchase .
 I bought this guitar as an upgrade from a beginner guitar that was part of a kit . I am very pleased with it ... tuning is so much more responsive than the first Washburn it seems like a dream . It plays very well , the high frets sound awesome too . Wide range of tones ... I would definitely recommend it for a beginner looking to upgrade .
 I just got my WI64DL a couple of days ago . After having had a few hours on the guitar , I can say NOTHING BUT GOOD THINGS about this unit . This is a very nice axe . Clean tones , excellent neck action and a SUPER VALUE . 123 Music is a class act worthy of your time and money . They deliver what they promise . Every aspect of my dealings with these guys was a pleasure . I love the guitar and would look here first for my mext musical purchase .
 We really like the dholak that we ordered from Amazon.com . It has a nice beat to it . The only concern I have is what happens if you tighten the screws too much . Otherwise , it seems to be of good quality .
 I have several of the Hal Leonard keyboard transcription books , including the Pop/Rock , Elton John , Rock & Roll , and Billy Joel books . This book is on the same level as those as far as transcription quality . The transcriptions are very accurate for the most part . I only have a couple complaints , one being that they tend to use the same songs over in different books . So if you 're like me and have more than one book than you definitely have some repeats . Also , in the song `` Ribbon in the Sky '' , they did not transcribe Stevie Wonder 's long solo at the end of the song , which is one of the main reasons I got the book ! That was disappointing . Other than that it 's a great book and I can say the same for the rest of the series . I look forward to getting the `` Jazz '' transcription book next !
 I have been using Ortofon needles for over 12 years as a professional DJ , and this product is the best I 've used from the company ! The packaging is excellent and keeps your needles safe . It was great to buy the pair as a set instead of individually , which was the usual way the the needles were packaged in the past . The silver needles are much sturdier than the blue , black , and neon yellow models I have used . It comes with a handy brush to get rid of the pesky lint and dust on your records . I highly recommend this product to anyone who uses vinyl !
 I would recommend this product to anyone who is serious about their playing . It really helps you to hear those tough spots in your music while practicing and gives you a chance to create a really nice buzz , which is essential to a great brass sound !
 Works way better then I thought and my pitch sounds so much better I wish I had th is my first year playing .
 Pearl factory rods , not a cheap knock off , worked great on my snare , would buy again or recommend to others .
 I 've used tension rods from a number of sources ranging from no-name to parts provided by Gibraltar and Worldmax . These are hands down the best and are priced close to other name brands and about twice that of no-name rods.What sets these apart is the quality of both manufacturing and material . Most tension rods have threads that are cut with the crest of the thread made sharp . This causes the thread to wear down as well as some microscopic play when mated with the lug receiving nut -LRB- or in the case of tube lugs , the internal thread root . -RRB- These rods have been cut so that the thread crest does not have those problems.Another factor that sets this apart from other tension rods is the cheap ones and many from name brands have a thin plating that either quickly wears down or in some cases comes off in chunks ! Granted the latter case is from the cheapest no-name rods , but even the wear of a plated rod will cause minute tolerance mismatches that increase wear . If you are properly tuning your drums this wear will ultimately result in the lugs backing orr and detuning while playing . That is a relatively common problem and the root cause is either the wear that I mentioned or loose tolerances when the rod is made.These 42mm rods are measured from the collar of the rod where the washer is stopped and in inches comes to about 1.65 '' . They work for many 5 '' and 5 1/2 '' snare drum with center lugs , or most snare drums that have a set of lugs for each head . They also work with many rack and floor toms . For center lug snare drums deeper than 5 1/2 '' or where these rods are too short I recommend going the next step up to 52mm -LRB- slightly over 2 '' -RRB- rods : Pearl T062/6 Tension Rods M5 .8 x 52mm , 6 pack . For some very shallow piccolo snare drums you will need to go down to the 35mm -LRB- 1.4 '' -RRB- rods , Pearl T060/6 Tension Rod , M5 .8 x 35mm , 6 pack , but that is rare.I 've used these rods on modern and vintage snare drums from most major brands , as well as custom built ones using Worldmax lugs . In all cases I 've never had a problem.These rods come with steel washers , but I replace those with nylon ones -LRB- the best deal I 've found is this package : TAMA TAMPW620 Nylon Washers 20 Count . -RRB-
 Just bought this guitar a few weeks ago , and believe me , its an amazing piece of musical instrument ... its playability , the way the sustain just easily rolls off without too much work , and the looks and build quality is undeniably Gibson . I still have my old Epiphone Les Paul and it has served me well , but my new Gibson is lighter , sound tons better , and the action is low and easy.If you do n't need the LP Standard binding , and care less about the added price , then the Studio LP should be your next axe ... same electronics and same sweet rockin ' sound with the awesome sustain to boot . Great guitar !
 The Studio is a great guitar for anyone looking for an ` affordable ' gibson . The sound is absolutely great and it plays like a dream . Naturally you 'll want to test it out before buying it , but I do n't think you 'll be disappointed .
 I 've been playing a Gibson LP studio for the last 15 years . This , in and of itself , should say something about the quality of the instrument . When you buy a Gibson , for better or for worse , part of what you 're paying for is the name . There are -LRB- arguably -RRB- guitars out there that sound/play as good as the original for a lot less money , but unlike most of the LP clones , the genuine Gibson article retains its value well and is something of an `` established commodity '' - you know what you 're getting.My guitar has always sounded and played well , although -LRB- like any guitar -RRB- you may have to adjust the setup to get it the way you like it . -LRB- Evaluating guitars on the basis of how well they 're setup from the factory is , in my opinion , a bit of a waste of time . If you 're too lazy to adjust your instrument , or to have a tech adjust it for you , you should probably stick with `` guitar hero '' . -RRB- On the critical side , the fret ends on mine were n't dressed as nicely as I 'd like from the factory , and the fretboard finish was a little rougher than I 'd have expected , both of which were easily rectified by a little TLC.Bottom line
 I purchased my wine red Les Paul Studio about 3 weeks ago and am extremly pleased . Once I got it tuned up I took it for a test drive for about 3 hours . The action was as close as I could possibly want and the tone is great . I 'm still playing around with the tone knobs to explore all the differnt tones it has to offer . I paired it up with a Marshall MG30 and the combination of the two is all you could want . On top of remarkable playability and sound , it looks fantastic ! If you 're thinking about getting one of these , stop thinking about it and just get it . You wo n't be sorry .
 Ordered a Les Paul Studio from Amazon with gold hardware . Received a beautiful Les Paul Studio with `` chrome '' hardware . Was immediately e-mailed a return order , and was reimbursed for the cost of shipping . -LRB- Both ways . -RRB- Amazon shipped another guitar right away , but unfortunately with the same chrome hardware . Even though I eventually was informed the gold hardware edition was no longer available , I learned a lot about Amazon through the experience . Both guitars were new , and in mint condition . Packaging could n't have been more secure . Shipping , and customer service response was unbelievably attentive , fast-acting , and decisive . No long wait on the phone , no head games , no excuses . Just actual `` humans '' , with the ability to communicate , and LISTEN . Was treated with respect , and felt that the person -LRB- s -RRB- , I talked with were concerned , informed , and truly wanted to help . Have dealt with Amazon for a while now and with excellent results , but after seeing how they respond to mistakes , I have even more confidence in their sincerity . Thanks to all who were involved with this order . And , MERRY CHRISTMAS !!! Wayne Lambeth
 First I have been playing for about 15 years -LRB- 4 years semi-pro level -RRB- and have played a lot of different guitars and brands -LRB- not gibsons -RRB- . I always wanted one and so my expectations were very high.After ordering 2 other gibson here on Amazon I finally got one with no issues , as you you would expect from a high quality instrument . First I ordered a Gibson SG standard which sounded great but the first string was going out of the neck 's bottom edge every time I put my fingers on it -LRB- with slightly moderate pressure -RRB- , something you do n't want in a $ 1200 guitar . Then I decided to go with the Les Paul Studio Faded Cherry . This is a less expensive Gibson -LRB- $ 800 -RRB- and also sounded pretty good , but it had buzz all over the neck on problably on every string . Yes I know this could be fixed working on the action of the guitar but if you buy a new Gibson I believe you can expect a little bit more . Finally , after a second return I decided to go and spend a little bit more on the Gibson Les Paul Studio wine red , chrome hardware -LRB- $ 1320 -RRB- . IMO this guitar sounds much better than the faded model and probably as good as the SG standard -LRB- it has less bite and less middle range tones though -RRB- . It looks better than both . Amazingly , the guitar out of the box was in tune ! -LRB- I really was n't expecting that -RRB- . No a single issue on the neck and the intonation was perfect . After a month the guitar stays in tune very well , no matter how hard I play.If you are looking for a great sounding , no-issues Gibson without spending $ 2000 + go for the studio model , not the faded one , the differences are significant both in tone capabilities and craftmanship . In addition , the LP Studio comes with a $ 200 hard case , the faded does not -LRB- it comes with a ship and ugly bag -RRB- . I highly recommend this guitar .
 I spent about 12 hours in the local guitar store playing a variety of Gibson Les Pauls . I could not afford the higher end ones but I looked and played many of the studio and similar types . I narrowed it down to two and after coming back and playing 2 more hours , this was the one . it is a beautiful sight to see every time I walk by it . the rich red color is very inviting . More importantly , it plays very very well . there are a wide variety of tones one can get , even from a basic amp such as the one I practice with . at times , it feels like it is just playing itself . the tone is wonderful . the fatter neck is something I did not know if I would like at first . I went in initially thinking that I would prefer the narrower 60 's type neck . this one however , just felt right in my hand . it does take a little getting used to but nothing of significance . I ended up really liking the neck . it feels so Solid . the humbucker pickups are great too . I also was initially thinking I would get the p90 pups . again , by trying them all out for a number of hours , I found the humbuckers worked best for my ear and preference.this guitar now goes about everywhere with me . I play it when ever I can . That is not to say that I dont love and play my American deluxe Stat and Zager acoustic guitars regularly , but I have found , this is a very special guitar in terms of sound , performance , and feel . This particular one is a bit more solid feeling and sounding than the standard studio versions which are a couple of hundred bucks cheaper . I prefer this one and think the price difference is definitely worth it . This will probably be my last guitar . I am very pleased .
 It 's simple . I own several les pauls , and i would never order one offline because they are each their own seperate entity . But Amazon.com gets major props for the axe I recieved from them . Not only was it delivered in a timely manner but i felt as if it were handpicked by them to sell to their customers who always expect the best because that is what I got . If your looking to buy from Amazon just do it , you will be amazed at the product you recieve . Top Notch Gear .
 I want this guitar for Left Handed but is not avaliable ... How i can order some cause y have $ 1000 in Amazon 's Gift Card and i want to use
 I made a talk box out of this and it works very well for that .
 Probably the most common size tension rod is the 42mm size that fits most 5 '' and 5.5 '' deep snare drums , as well as most rack toms and a lot of floor tom brands and models.However , some snare drums - especially 6.5 '' deep ones with single center lugs - require the extra 10 milimeters that this rod provides . A 52mm rod measures approximately 2.04 inches from the collar -LRB- the part that seats the washer -RRB- to the end of the threaded section . In contrast , the 42mm rods are only 1.65 '' . You can use these measurements to determine if this , or the shorter rod , is what you need.Regardless of which size rod you need , this one and the others from Pearl -LRB- and most other brands -RRB- come with steel washers . I replace those with nylon ones , which tend to allow the rods to hold their tuning for longer periods.What sets these apart is the quality of both manufacturing and material . Most tension rods have threads that are cut with the crest of the thread made sharp . This causes the thread to wear down as well as some microscopic play when mated with the lug receiving nut -LRB- or in the case of tube lugs , the internal thread root . -RRB- These rods have been cut so that the thread crest does not have those problems.Another factor that sets this apart from other tension rods is the cheap ones and many from name brands have a thin plating that either quickly wears down or in some cases comes off in chunks ! Granted the latter case is from the cheapest no-name rods , but even the wear of a plated rod will cause minute tolerance mismatches that increase wear . If you are properly tuning your drums this wear will ultimately result in the lugs backing orr and detuning while playing . That is a relatively common problem and the root cause is either the wear that I mentioned or loose tolerances when the rod is made.I personally will use no other brand of tension rod and highly recommend these for replacements or spares , and as the tension rod of choice if you are building a snare drum -LRB- or restoring one -RRB- .
 Bought this case for my Seagull Original S6 QI and I am so glad that I did ! The guitar fits perfectly . The case is extremely well made . It is very solid , which makes it great for travel , and it has a plush interior , however , no padding . There is a neck rest for the guitar 's neck to lie upon and there is a small compartment for carrying picks and extra strings . I only wanted to buy one case for my new guitar and , although this case is more expensive than most , I do think this case is worth the extra money . Compared to my last generic case that has lasted for more than 30 years , as this TKL 7815 is much better quality , I am confident this case will last for 30 years and longer .
 Easy set up and ease of use . Can be used to change with the beat of the music . Have used both indoor and outdoor . Clear , bright effect . Great for any party or effect .
 This is the perfect upgrade for the ceramic pickups that come stock in the MiMFender Standard Telecaster Electric Guitar , Lake Placid Blue Maple Fretboard -LRB- I have a 2004 -RRB- . As the previous reviewer states , it gives you a little hotter sound without wrecking the classic Tele vibe.The overtones it produces just at the breakup level of aVox AC4TV8 4-Watt 8 '' Compact All-Tube Practice Amp with Celestion VX10 Speakerare sweet and it really helps with the articulation and dynamics when hybrid picking . It is definitely voiced to cut thru a mix and works well with the stock neck pickup , although I will be replacing that with aSeymour Duncan STR-3 Quarter Pound Rhythm Telecaster Neck Pickup , Chrometo match the output and tone . It really is a big difference , which I never thought was all that bad .
 Purchased this pickup to replace in a friends american deluxe telecaster . Much hotter output than the stock fender pickup and brighter sounding as well , but not to the point that it gets harsh . Tone is subjective but I find this an upgrade to the stock pickup . Better harmonics , increased sustain . One issue that may come up is if you leave the stock neck pickup in your tele , when switching between front and back pickups mid song you 'll have unwanted volume drops or spikes because this quarter pounder is hotter and higher output . I 'd recommend getting another quarter pounder for the neck as well .
 Absolute fantastic pickup for a tele . I put it on a squier affinity along with the neck pickup , brass saddles , and graphite nut , and it 's now my main backup . The tone is nice and warm , the volume is loud , a bit louder than the neck version , but that 's the way it should be . The thing sounds great . With brass saddles and a graphite nut the output is a bit increased , so that 's also a big plus , just a little trick I thought id share . Enjoy ! Buy this if you have a tele !
 This is an awesome pickup . I put this -LRB- and the rhythm counterpart -RRB- in my MIM Telecaster to replace the anemic stock pickups.First off , it is LOUD . I A-B 'd this with a buddy 's SG and was shocked to find that the tele was a lot hotter . You can get pretty dirty tones out of this if that 's your style.I like the response you get - this pickup is chunky enough to be incredibly versatile , almost like a humbucker . The highs do not scream at unpleasant levels , but you can still get some major Tele twang out of it.The only thing I have to complain about is the length of the surgical tubing my pickup came packaged with . At least in my case , the tubing was too short and I had to have the pickup so high out of the bridge that it almost scraped the strings . Not good . I 'm not sure if this was a one-off , but I 'd recommend having some tubing or springs on hand to replace those that come in the box .
 If you desire warm and smooth guitar sound with a whole lotta character and soul , this is your pickup . Very easy to install if you know how to solder ... just a matter of switching the old one with this . This is by no means a `` metal '' style pickup ! There are nuances and overtones that will not be heard if played through distortion . With a correct amount of gain and natural breakup of a valve amp , this is the sound that can be heard numerous times on legendary and timeless albums . A great pickup for jazz , rock , and the blues .
 Nice Bridge Pickup , indeed . . Will definitely cut through the mix without cutting your head off with annoying highs ! Nice and chunky-almost like a humbucker when you need it to be . . Still retains a lot of the Tele sparkle and chime . . What 's cool is even though it 's louder , it 's never overbearing and moreover it is no noisier than a pup with half the output . Mixes well with my Lace sensor Tele neck pup as well ... Very pleased !
 Works great , is easy to roll up and does n't stick to itself and tangle up . What more do you want in a cord ? Has n't shorted yet , although I do n't use it frequently .
 I bought this for my 10yr old daughter just getting into violin lessons.I initially bought the Resonans shoulder rest which was just terrible . I bought that one because it was cheap and it was the one that was at our local music store.The Kun one was the one our violin instructor uses so I bought it from Amazon . My daughter finds this one very comfortable . The grips that hold to the violin have a nice rubber to prevent scratches . The curved design and the foam add to the comfort . The best part is that its height adjustable by `` unscrewing '' the grips some.I would highly recommend this one vs. the Resonans branded one .
 My son , age 12 , likes this shoulder rest better than any of the others we have tried . The fact that it is collapsible makes it easier to store and keeps it from getting broken at school .
 Kun Collapsible 3/4 -1 / 2 Violin Shoulder RestIt is built well . It is compact and simple . It folds to fit in the violin case conveniently . My daughter loves it . I do n't go that far because of the price , but it is a whole lot more expensive at the local store !
 This is good quality , and fully adjustable in height . Padding seems to be durable . Nice that it folds to fit into case . A + from me !
 Bought this for my grandson . It easily attaches to the instrument . He now holds is instrument in a corect position . The collapsible aspect enables him to store the device in his case . Well made .
 I bought this 1/2 size shoulder rest for my 9-year old daughter . She said it 's very comfortable comparing to the one came with the violin . It 's very easy to put it on or take it off the violin , and it fits/snuggles my daughter 's 1/2 violin very well .
 Comfortable and stable shoulder rest that fits easier into a tight violin case . Shop around for a good price if you need one .
 I bought this for the price - I had it restrung with better strings and had the bridge altered , which made the instrument sound much better . If you have any string/sound issues I recommend having a professional take a look at it - cost was minimal and since the violin was so reasonably priced to begin with , it worked out .
 Ordered with the idea that it may not be a great product but I was wrong . I have been around classical violin and blue grass / country music my whole life and the sound it has was rather Impressive . Bridge is easy to install , no need for peg drops they hold just fine . Bow had minimal strings broken , easy repair with small fingernail clippers . Look was nice and my daughter loves it . Only reason for a rating of four is that on the violin itself there is a dried bead of varnish that I can see but is totally irrelevant to my daughter .
 It 's a good quality violin in reasonable price . I bought it to my daughter . He is very much happy with it .
 I 've played the viola most of my life , so my daughter decided to try Violin . This violin arrived in great shape . I had been told that sometimes the cheaper violins need some work when they arrive . This one did n't . We tuned it and it was ready to go . The only issue is that it might need to have the strings separated a little - they are very close together . This could be easily done by making new notches in the bridge . Overall , it has a nice sound and holds a tune nicely . We 've been using it for almost a year now .
 I bought this violin recently for my nephew . He 's absolutely fallen in love with this violin -- he has n't been able to stop practicing ever since getting this violin . The sound is just so rich and warm . Initially I had some concerns about buying a violin online , but I had used this company before so I called them with my questions . They even informed me that the violin had a full bridge setup -- one of my main questions and concerns . Customer service was extremely helpful and appeased all my fears . I 'm so glad I bought this , so my nephew can continue his love of violin/music . It 's a dream come true !
 Great Violin for the price ! I wanted to teach myself violin so I decided to purchase an inexpensive instrument . I have seen nightmare reviews of student violins and having to set up the bridge , but this violin came fully setup . All I needed to do was to roisin the bow and I was playing in a matter of minutes . I highly recommend for someone looking for an inexpensive violin .
 This violin sounds good , tunes well , & comes fully set up . No trouble with it so far -LRB- using for over 6 months -RRB- . Do n't expect concert level quality from anything this reasonably priced . For any beginner however , this is a fine instrument .
 I really like this product . I had never played violin before so I did n't want to spend a ton of money on an instrument I could totally suck at . This violin was a great price and it was in good shape when I got it . I took it to a relative who is a skilled violinist to look it over and he said it was very good quality for the price I paid .
 The package was damaged when I recieved it , but overall , the violin itself was perfectly fine . I am very happy with this item ! Thanks !
 This instrument is perfect for my daughter 's orchestra class . She is an honor 's orchestra student this year and will continue to use this violin next year as well !
 I bought this violin to instill a love of music in my child . The violin was not as bad as I expected for the price that I paid for it . If it is taken care of it would work for a young child . As with most everything - you get what you pay for . If you are the type of parent that is very serious about your child becoming a master of music and will make them practice faithfully , then maybe you should choose a better model , but for the average parent this is a good instrument .
 There 's NO SUCH THING as a `` best string '' . From experimenting over the years , I 've found that , while I have `` old standbys '' that will be the first thing I try , often there is a string that is just right for a particular guitar and it varies from guitar to guitar.Coated strings have become all the rage over the last few years . They 're expensive , but they last a lot longer , especially if you have the kind of body chemistry that causes them to corrode quickly . Also , they minimize the amount of finger noise you get if you slide on the strings.Elixir Polywebs were the first coated string . The coating is much heavier than that of other strings . This produces a much less bright , more muted sound . I have an old koa guitar that is so bright I ca n't stand it with standard strings . The Elixir Polywebs tone it down to the point where it 's perfect.If you 're looking for a darker sound , then Elixir Polywebs are definitely worth a shot . If you want a coated string but prefer the brighter sound of uncoated strings , then you definitely do n't want Polywebs.The 4 stars applies if you want this particular type of sound . If you do n't want this sound , you could end up awarding them 1 star .
 These acoustic strings are used on a Laguna acoustic guitar . They are just the right weight , and just the right amount of flex . We 've tried D'Addario , brighter sound -LRB- D'Addario Acoustic Guitar Strings Set , EXP 80/20 Lite -RRB- , and Martin , a little stiff -LRB- Martin Strings SP Phosphor Bronze 12.5-55 MSP4150 -RRB- . In the end , these Elixirs sound and feel best on this guitar.As has been said , there is no perfect guitar string for everyone . The perfect guitar string is the one that feels and sounds right to you on your guitar . For the combination we have , these are outstanding strings.On the strings lasting longer , that 's hard to say . Fresh strings do sound better . It 's clear that the wound strings do not corrode like non-coated strings . But I 'm not certain these last so much longer . We buy them because they sound good and have the right amount of flex to them - playability . Corrosion or crud on the string is n't the sole factor in changing strings.June 15 , 2010 Update
 I love the way these strings sound and they last forever . No . They really do.My acoustic has had the same strings for 2 years . 2 years !! That 's absurd . They still sound good , too . In fact , they sound better than they did new because they have lost that tinny `` new-string '' sound . Now they sound like normal phosphor bronze strings that have been on a guitar for 3 weeks.I was traveling in Europe with one of my guitars that had a 2-month old set of strings . Somebody plucked a few notes and looked up to exclaim , `` new strings '' ! I kind of laughed to myself . These strings have completely changed what I consider to be a `` new '' set.Granted , they are not cheap , so if you break strings a lot it can get expensive . Clearly , I do not break strings a lot , so for me they are awesome .
 Love these strings . They feel great on the finger tips and last a long time . I have tried out quite a few different brands and have found that these are my favorite for acoustic guitars .
 Great strings . I love their guitar strings . They make my Taylor guitars sound great ! They arrived promptly as well . Good job .
 I only use Elixr polyweb strings for my performance guitars . I always try to buy when they are under $ 13 . In the stores they are $ 16 . They last me a few months before they start loosing tone and durability .
 These are the only strings to use . They even make a marginal player sound decent and do n't hurt the fingers nearly as much as other strings do .
 Good quality . It was a great price for it . A + + + + + + + + + +
 Best strings ever . It 's really good with a Taylor guitar.Good price if you compare to any guitar store . -LRB- probably 13 or more -RRB-
 Im a huge fan of Elixir 's !!! This , however , is my first go with the polyweb , but there is no disappointment here !!
 I have a Taylor 210e and I wont put anything on it but Elixir strings . They do n't go dead for a long time and do not rust . Try them on any guitar and see the difference .
 The only brand of string I while buys since I first experienced these string about 2 years ago . You will not be disappointed if you are looking for a smooth silky string with great sound and long life .
 When I bought my alverez guitar . it had the strings on it I 've been using this brand ever since . I get about 9 months out of these I use to get 6 weeks out of a set of dean markleys this is the way to go !!!
 I love elixirs . I 've tried the other brands , but keep coming back to elixirs . They are quite expensive , but worth it to me . They outlast they other brands . Long lasting , excellent feel , bright clear tone and great intonation . Worth the extra $ $ .
 It arrived on time and is exactly what was expected . Easy to install and they sound great.Will probably use this again .
 Purchased these strings after having tried the Blue Steel strings . My son much prefers the Elixir strings . They last a lot longer than the Blue Steel strings did and he says the Elixir sound better , too .
 These strings are very good ! I 've used them for years now . :--RRB- I recommend these strings to all guitar players .
 I 've had this set of strings on my guitar for 15 months and they still sound great ! I will buy these strings again .
 My husband is a player & teaches private lessons ; he recommends this to all . And yes , he prefers polyweb to nanoweb .
 Not much to say here - they are good strings . If you 've never used elixirs it may take some time to get used to , but it 's definitely worth a try . One of the selling points is that they last longer - they may last a little longer , but hey , strings are supposed to be replaced , so that 's not why I buy these . Rather , they sound nice and I 'm used to the slippery feel now .
 These strings possess a bright , lively sound that delights the ear of the beholder ! It takes a little while -LRB- about a week -RRB- for them to `` stay '' in tune , but is n't this just the nature of the beast ? Highly recommended .
 I received a free sample of these strings in 1997 . I did n't believe the hype , so I was reluctant to put them on . I was playing my acoustic one day and I broke the high E string , so I decided to try out the pack of Elixirs . As I was tuning up , I noticed they sounded bright and clear , without a lot of string noise . All new strings sound good when you first change them , but my guitar never had sounded that great to me . Even the low strings seemed to have a more presence without buzzing . They also lasted a lot longer than other brands I 'd used . A thin plastic coating helps prevent them from corroding from finger oil . Everything that 's printed on the package is true .
 These are great strings . I got the extra light to try to make a guitar that is very hard to play a little easier to play . It definitely has helped . The sound is fine , though I now wish I would have gotten the nanoweb for the brighter sound . I generally prefer a mellower sound but this particular guitar has a bit of a dull sound and I chose the wrong type strings . If you want a bright sound , go with the Elixir nanoweb instead of the polyweb . Either way , Elixir makes great strings that last and make your playing so much more easy and enjoyable . They are worth every penny .
 Recently bought a Yamaha electro-acoustic . Strings were `` noisy , pretty average , 12 guage . Put these on and wow what a difference . The extra light guage really made it way more comfortable to play , and they surprizingly have a real nice mellow tone . Finger noise was reduced by about 50 percent . These strings cost about twice what a regular set of strings would cost , but if they last as advertized - they 'll be well worth it ! Highly recommend .
 these strings are fantastic . as soon as I put them on the guitar it was as if I were playing an entirely different axe .
 I was very pleased with the item as it arrived on time and was exactly what I was expecting for what I had ordered !!!!!
 My son plays electric and acoustic guitar . He uses Elixir for both and swears by them . He has had other brands , but they just do n't stand up to elixir .
 I do a lot of finger slides when playing acoustic guitar and only the Elixir strings with the Polyweb coating are noiseless enough . The newer Nanoweb coated strings actually squeek when I play certain songs . I hope they keep making the Polyweb strings.I use the extra light gauge -LRB- .010 - .047 -RRB- Polyweb acoustic strings on my Martin HD28 , Taylor 514CE , and my 1975 lawsuit era Japanese hummingbird , and they all sound great.I also use Elixir strings on my electrics -LRB- LP , Tele , Strat clone -RRB- . They last a long time , are bright and articulate with rich bass , and make very little noise.These get 5 stars .
 Exilir are known to make great acoustic strings and these are no exception . I found that the `` nanoweb '' strings are too bring and twangy sounding for my fender acoustic steel axe . The polyweb coating on these particular strings make them sound warm and very comfortable to play . I enjoy these a lot .
 I 've been using these strings on my acoustics almost since they were first introduced . My fingers perspire heavily and normal strings do n't last long for me . The Polyweb coating on these strings makes them last for months . The Nanoweb version has a thinner coating and plays a little ` brighter ' but still has the longevity built in . Best string on the market for acoustic as far as I 'm concerned . Amazon usually has the best price .
 I use these on my acoustic Washburn , and they stay bright for weeks . I have been playing guitar for 30 years , and these are the best .
 Simple to use , clean-sounding device . Baggs ` suse of efficient circuit design delivers a clear , transparent sound . This preamp does n't color thesound much.The screws that attach the belt-clip to the outsideof the case are very short and apt to work lose.They also , on my unit , caused the device to buzzbecause they touched the metal on the inside . Somekind of grounding problem I guess . My unit maybe defective but I never returned it to Baggs ofcalled them to ask about it . Instead , I justremoved the screws and have used the unit parkedon a table or on an amp ... a lousy solutionadmittedly , but at the time I was using this alot I was performing on a weekly basis and did n'twant to go without the unit while I returned itto Baggs . I was pessimistic about the belt-clipscrew buzzing being a fixable issue at the time.SO - it sounds great . It notch-filters feedbackadmirably , but seems to have this design flaw thatmade it inconvenient for me to use , even thoughI put up with it for a few years .
 Finally found something that solves my acoustic bass feedback problems . While designed for guitar , it works for lower frequencies as well . When things get really loud onstage my bass will still reach a feedback point , but at a much , much higher volume level than without this filter . Thank you , L R Baggs !!
 The Casio Lk300Tvad Lighted Keyboard & Karaoke is a wonderful feature-packed Keyboard suitable for beginners and advanced players alike.The step-by-step lighted keys lessons are wonderful , and a beginner can learn at his/her own pace . Another neat feature is the scoring , where a student can work on his/her timing and measure their progress.The sound quality is very good with an almost unlimited number of sounds and tones to choose from , as well as mix and match . This keyboard certainly has more features than someone with my limited experience will probably ever use.The Karaoke feature makes for great family fun , and the range of song choices is also very good.I 'm certainly pleased with this keyboard , and feel that it is an excellent value .
 Elixir Polyweb strings are excellent , long-lasting strings . They have a better tone in my opinion than the newer nano web strings . I play a style of acoustic folk and gospel music that is really enhanced by the feel and sound of these great strings .
 I have been using these strings for years and years and they seem to last a very long time and hold a great tone ! They are worth the extra money and the coating makes playing much easier on your fingers where they can slide easier up and down the fret with much less noise from finger slide . Great product !
 Best Acoustic guitar strings i ever played . last very long holds tone even if you been using the strings for 2 to 3 months . The anti rust strings keep the strings looking new for 2 months or more . I buy many sets when they go on sale .
 I do n't have a ton of experience ... but i love these strings . My brother plays a ton and highly recommended elixer brand .
 I 've tried a lot of strings , and none of them sound and feel better than these Medium Polywebs.I much prefer these over the Nanoweb . The Nanowebs made my Taylor sound too bright for my style of playing , I guess.These are always the ones I choose for my steel string acoustic guitar .
 Elixer strings are the best . I first played on them 10 years ago . I knew I would never use another brand . The polyweb coating really makes these strings stand out and sound bright . Unfortunately , retail stores really mark up the price on them . I 've seen them listed for up to $ 23 ! I used to get them for about $ 10 from a friend who worked at Guitar Center . But now , I just go online . Great price at Amazon . Great strings .
 the polyweb coating makes them last much longer than normal strings , and allows them to sound much better throughout their lifetime by preventing oil from your fingers from building up on them . the coating also allows for easier slide playing.great concept , well worth the extra few bucks they cost .
 These stings are very good . Personally I prefer the d'ddario phosphor bronze , but the polywebs last 3 times as long.Another upside to the polywebs is that they eliminate string noise , and `` string grab '' on your fingers when sliding up by fiths , octaves , or when just changing chords quickly . The fingers kind of glide over the stings.Downside is that the coating does noticeably effect the richness of the tone when the strings start to age , and will never sound exactly like a top quality un-coated new phosphor bronze set.Then again my ears are very very particular to tone quality and timbre , and some say they do n't notice any difference .
 I am a chronic sweater and I tend to destroy strings within days . I 've used D'Addario 's and some Fender coated strings -LRB- factory for my DG8S -RRB- . I have gotten into the habit of using hand sanitizer , applying lubricant/cleaner , and wiping down my strings before/after each use . The strings I mentioned previously would accumulate grime anyway . I 'm talking about grime that I could feel as I was wiping them down ; grime that I could n't remove . The strings would become discolored and their tone deadened . This was such a big problem that I saw a dermatologist and got a prescription deodorant for my hands - no kidding.These strings not only have kept their color , but their tone has remained pristine in spite of very sweaty sessions . I fully expect to continue using these strings for as far as I can foresee .
 Once again , Elixir strings true to its advertizement just plain hard to beat . Sound is fantastic and longivity is great .
 So smooth and easy to play . Sound is great . Love the feel . These are by far the best strings I have used
 I bought these as a gift for my boyfriend . He loved them ! He plays guitar all the time , and he said these Elixirs are the best he has ever used . They are very durable . He plays often , and they have n't broken or been damaged in over a year of use ! I will continue to buy Elixir for guitar strings .
 Great product , very durable ! I am very happy with this . it was just what i needed . I highly recommend to anyone .
 I have used many different strings in my 30 + years of playing the guitar . ELIXIR guitar strings give me what I 've been looking for ... lasting good tone and sound.I use the medium gauged , NANOWEB ultra thin coating , -LRB- .013 - .056 -RRB- on my TAYLOR 314-CE tuned a whole step down -LRB- D G C F A D -RRB- . The tone and playability are perfect . Just capo the second fret to be in standard tuning .
 I used to use the Elixier nanoweb , but the nano part would peel off the strings like dried glue from the palms of your hands . The polyweb does n't have this problem . Some people complain that the coating dulls the sound of the strings , but I really like the tone . I have used these for years , and in fact , they 're the only strings I like at all anymore .
 Strings are really a style thing . We have four acoustic guitars and use Elixirs on all of them . They are medium bright sound and very durable . The lighter coatings seem a little brighter , but I like the durability . We typically changing strings every year and the guitars all get played for a couple of hours a week or more .
 This guitar case looks great and is very convenient to carry on your back or with handle . It has a very spacious front pocket for holding music and the guitar case itself is very roomy .
 i bought the case for my daughter and she loves it the case is durable , high quality and worth its price a must have for anyone who plays guitar : D
 I got mine at a Guitar Center location for 60 bucks . The stitching on this bag is just about flawless . No frays or loose threading . I 've carried my heavy West African djembe in it and the straps are still good . They are n't pulling out like I 've seen on other bags . Even the zipper is smooth to work with . Inside and out , this is definitely a good quality product.It does n't have a hard top though but personal responsibility will product a drum head more anyways . You can always get a separate hard top drum pillow for it . The price for both combined will even out or still be cheaper for a more expensive hard top bag .
 Very well made bag . It is bigger than the dimensions state . I originally ordered a large size but the medium worked fine . The material & zippers are good quality . My only refinement would be to have adjustable straps . I find that it is difficult for me to carry properly . An outside zipper pocket would be nice also . But then the price would probably be much higher .
 I just started playing tenor sax and have struggled trying to find a strap that did n't cut into my neck or otherwise constrict my neck in a numbing sort of way . I saw this and thought it might take away the neck pressure . It does - I 'm really happy how it distributes the weight evenly across both shoulders - NOTHING on the back of my neck - and the sax now feels MUCH lighter and very comfortable . It takes a little bit longer to put this strap on since you have to get the harness apparatus fastened but it 's well worth the effort to be able to practice in comfort . I 'm well into my 50 's and not too interested in how hip my strap might look - I just want to be able to practice and play in comfort and this works perfectly for my needs .
 This harness is is easy to put on and allows for comfortable playing of the baritone sax sitting or standing . Great for extended perfomances . Highly recommended .
 This harness is perfect for me . It solves the problem of having the strap on my neck . Harness is comfortable and is full adjustable .
 I bought this to support a baritone sax and it works well , the weight is distributed evenly so I can play it standing up . I 'm 6 ' 2 &#34; and this size was the right size for me .
 A plain old neck strap just wo n't cut it for vintage low - A bari saxes which tend to be a bit heavier . This harness makes all the difference in the world not only for Bari sax but also my rather `` adequately reenforced '' SX90 tenor .
 My daughter had a standard neck strap that becomes quite uncomfortable after playing for a while . This harness is much more comfortable and fairly easy to use once you get used to it .
 I LOVE THIS SAX STRAP ! This harness style saxophone strap works well for both alto and tenor sax use . It is extremely adjustable . For size reference , I should let you know that I am a size 16 plus size woman . This strap takes a lot of strain off my neck and my saxes feel so much lighter ! The way the strap fits does not interfere with a woman 's bustline too . The only other feature that I can mention is the plastic spring lock connector . It seems made well but I always prefer a metal connector for durability . I should probably also mention that the padded straps on the back area are very comfortable as well . I hope this helps anyone else considering this item make a good decision . I thought about getting the XL version of this item as I 'm not exactly petite , but it would have been much too large . I have plenty of room to adjust this strap around me as well as adjust the height via the adjustment buckle in the very front . If you are looking to make your saxes feel lighter or take strain off your neck and upper back area , this is a fantastic strap at an unbeatable price !
 That horrible over ring you get , especially when in the studio can really drive you nuts ! I heard of these rings from another drummer , who swore by them , so I purchased them . I figured , when they did n't work , or muffled the sound of my drums , I 'd just recycle them , or use the small one to help me cut holes in my front bass drum head . Well , I till have them.How can something so thin , and seemingly fragile knock out the nasty overtones ? It 's just enough weight to do the job , while Not messing with the natural resonance of the head . They are Amazing . It 's one of those , `` Why did n't I invent these , '' kind of things.They are simple , cheap , and very effective.If you play with fans blowing on you , like some of us do , you might want to put a little post it note like stick-em on them , as they tendto take off when the wind hits them . Otherwise , if you want to get rid of that nasty over ring , I would highly recommend these .
 The rings arrived about a day or 2 earlier than scheduled . They pretty much do their job which is to cancel out resonance and to dampen the sound of the drum being played.Would highly recommend .
 Make sure the rings you order will fit your drum set . These rings do exactly what they say they will -- stop the over-ring . After tuning the drum head simply lay the ring on top . It should have a nice pop with very little resonance . Beats dampers in my opinion .
 The tone rings are excellent quality and the price is really great . No downside to this product or order .
 These rings are simplicity at it 's finest!What could be more simple than to just lay these rings on each drum head , to eliminate over-ring . VERY satisfied !
 This is a great strap for banjo players ! Super easy to connect/disconnect to your instrument and very comfortable and affordable .
 Padding is GREAT , but the covering/shell has no grip or traction , so if your guitar is even slightly heavy on the neck side , you will be constantly fighting to keep your guitar in playing position ; I had to go back to a leather strap on my electric 12 string because it is too neck heavy . Length is also weird , you will likely want to use this if your top strap button is on the top horn of the guitar body , but you 'll likely want their &#34; Mega Ax Strap &#34; if the strap button is centered at the neck join . I wish they had a Super Plus but not quite Mega strap that would fit all my guitars . I am 5 ' 11.5 &#34; tall .
 I love the comfort of the strap ... the width is good and the little bit of give is nice . CHECK THE LENGTH against what you need . I was about to buy the bass strap to use with a Steinberger and luckily read the reviews . The bass strap was WAY short and the guitar strap only works totally extended .
 I have used these with a full set of LP Matador congas for about 3 years . The advantages are they are inexpensive and allow you to play sitting . These are at just the right height for me -LRB- I have a 22 '' high custom super bajo cajon that I use as my `` hand drum throne '' as I alternate between it , the congas , a 12.5 '' djembe I pick up when needed , ad a stand-mounter 14 '' Remo contemporary djembe that I use as a `` super tumba -RRB- . I agree that these take some time to set up , and agree , if someone comes by and picks them up out of ignormace , it messes the set-up up , and you have to make adjustments . I 've gotten ticked several times at folks who move them without telling me , or re-aggainging my congas . I have a very non-standard set-up with the 4 drums in a arch , lowest on the left to highest on the right - oposite the way most conga players do , and I 've had some inconsiderate folks re-arrainge them without checking with me . The negative reviewer has a legitimate point - part of the set-up required with these is to not only make sure that they are spaced evenly and angled correctly , you also have to make sure that each conga only has `` conga side '' facing the next conga , rather than a tuning lug or handle facing the conga next to it , or the cother conga will likely get scratched if you space them fairly closely together , as I do.But I do n't have any idea where the reviewer who say 's you ca n't play even moderately agressively with these is coming from . If you get the set-up right -LRB- expect to spend 10 minutes , I 'm serious -RRB- , then they are stable . I play real agresively , to the point where I actually put two strips of duct tape on each finger to add a little padding , otherwise I get bone bruises . Multiple others have played on my set-up and nobody has ever mentioned a problem with stability.And with my agressiveness , I 've never had a stability issue . Just do n't expect to set these up in a minute - if you 're seriously impatient , do n't buy these . If you can take a 5-15 minutes to set them up right , they work . I also do n't get the `` heavy conga '' reference - does the negative reviewer have a physical challenge ? I 'm 55 and I would never think of a conga as heavy.One final limitation to consider . Are all your congas the same height , or if one is shorter , do you have an adjustable height stand that you can use to bring the full set to the same level ? If the answer is no , then you need to either look at another alternative stand or change out the odd-sized conga.Hope this is resonably objective . I do n't want to steer anyone , just want to comment on the isues as I see them.Drum on !
 I love these , they are durable , portable , easy to use indoors and outside.They wont scratch floors or wimp out on sand or gravel , keeping your conga or djembe elevated for good sound and safe from the elements . Easy to use and sturdy , very stable . They fit any size drum , no metal nuts n bolts assembly.This will be my second pair . Other drummers always ask where to get them . I looked and looked at musicians friend web store and couldnt find them until a web search brought me here.The best drum support stand i have used . Great for drum circles . Added plus they are roped together . I am so happy to find these drum feet here !
 a simple design for the seated player , allows your congas stability , so that you can beat your own drum without the worry of it slipping from between your legs , due to the super-smooth , glossy finishes on most modern conga drums ... I have 3 congas and they ALL stand on their own FEET !!
 I bought a set to use with my Meinl djembe and they fit fine . I needed to get the djembe off the ground so as to be able to play it when also playing a frame drum , and I did n't want the cost or size of a djembe stand . The only thing is that I had to turn the feet around to make the djembe more steady and less inclined to rock . The instructions say to be sure the carry cord runs along the inside of the drum , which may be true for congas and other djembes . Which way they face seems a small matter , and I think it 's an advantage to be able to use them either way - especially when used for something other than congas . I can recommend them .
 So I was looking for a simple solution to get my Luis conte series congas off the ground without spending an arm and a leg on a metal stand . I also did not want to drill into my congas to mount them.After reading some of the reviews on this product I was somewhat hesitant because people were having trouble setting them up . Anyway , $ 16.00 a set from a `` semi-local '' music store that I 've been buying from since I was a kid ... so I bought 2 sets.Got them 3 days later unwrapped them went to my congas thought and stared for a second , LOOKED AT THE PICTURE ON THE PAPER THAT COMES WITH IT , flipped my congas onto the heads , placed the rubber feet accordingly , played for 30min no problems at all . They work great , the tones coming out of the congas are completly full and all accents can be heard.Definitely buy them if you 're a sitting down player better than playing on your basic conga stand , cascio interstate is also a great business with great prices .
 I 've played conga for years always standing and recently began playing more while sitting , the more traditional Cuban style by the way . This results in sound issues for the drum -LRB- s -RRB- you are not holding with a tilt . These risers works great ! Easy to put on the drum , they provide a non slip stable footprint . They stay on while moving the drum a little but are easy to remove when bagging the drum for transport . The cord holding them together is a nice touch making them easy to handle .
 I bought this product because I had to get my smallest conga drum -LRB- quinto -RRB- off the ground to get a better tone . Conga and Tumba were fine but the quinto was sounding ringy and thin due to its higher pitch . The feet make for a very good solution and save you having to tilt the drum to one side while playing -LRB- which does n't produce as even a tone anyway IMO -RRB- .
 Very practical , holds all congas in a upright position just up far enough from floor so , sound can resonate better and alleviates the having to hold one 's drum with legs wile playing in a seated position . Does not scratch finish and great to use specially , if one plays more than one drum at a time.Practical , Inexpensive , Good Maintenance & Care for Drums and easy transport .
 The price is good , the effect on the sound is great , -LRB- brings out the best in bass/heel hits -RRB- and mounting is super easy ! If you want the full sound out of your congas without having to pay too much for conga stands , then this is definitely the way to go . Plus , if you 're gigging , it is easier on YOUR feet to have the Rubber Conga Feet and play sitting down , then to play for hours standing up . -LRB- And if you have 3 congas , you would need to buy 3 stands . But if you 're using the Conga Feet , you only need 2 sets of Conga Feet , 1 set for the drum on your right , and 1 set for the drum on your left . -RRB- In addition , the Conga Feet fit in any conga gig-bag for easy transport . I give them 5 stars ! Thanks LP !
 This is an AWSOME bag , my best friend has one so I HAD to get one for myself , the elastic on the bottom warps perfectly to the shape of the djembe , and the straps are perfect to wear it like a backpack . I highly recommend this bag .
 There really were not many options for djembe bags of this size , but this one does the job . My only complaint with it is a lack of a pocket to hold the tuning key and the straps arent adjustable.Other than that , the bag fits nicely over the drum , and has remained strong . Its best to turn your drum upside down and work the bag over the drum though opposed to trying to fit the drum in the bag upright as the elastic needs to be worked around the base .
 My djembe came from Ghana and really has been hollowed out from a section of a log . It sounds great but its diameter is not one of the standard sizes used by commercial manufacturers . The head & goblet are wider , so I needed a bag that could accommodate the non-standard proportions . The Kaces bag does the trick . The elastic that surrounds the base of the drum is a nice feature . It gently grips the drum , and it also helps the bag to collapse when it 's empty . The drum loads in and out of the bag without too much fooling around . It has a good handle and straps , plus a nice-sized pouch with a Velcro flap.I own several other drum bags , cymbal cases or stick bags from Gator , Beato & other manufacturers . The quality of the zippers , stitching , material and general construction of the Kaces bag compares favorably to the other brands . I 'm pretty careful with my gear so this bag should last me a long , long time . It is a great value for the money . I recommend it .
 I bought this for my son 's 16 '' Djembe drum so that he could carry it around to various places . We saw this at the local stores for almost twice this price . It is a solid piece of work . Great price !!!
 This strap is quite comfortable , and works just fine . It has two clips at each end , so when I do n't want to use it I can just unsnap it and leave the clips attached to the banjo . It also draws up fairly high , which is something my old strap did n't do . I like to hold my banjo just below my chest , not on my stomach .
 I like this strap for two reasons
 I 've purchased two so far , a couple years apart . They work well , safely hold the banjo , and switch easily between instruments if that capability is needed . 5 years use has n't shown any wear or degrading of the plastic strap clips . A nice item . They have a little `` give '' to them as compared to a leather or nylon strap .
 I recently bought a Deering Goodtime 2 banjo . I already had the Goodtime open back , and a very basic nylon strap which was fine for it . When I got the Goodtime 2 I ordered the same basic strap for it ... mistake . Although not a heavy banjo , it was heavy enough to need some padding and support in the strap . I bought this strap and it works great ... just the right amount of support without being bulky . I had to loosen a couple of the hooks to get the strap installed , but this is n't a problem as one of the nice things about the strap is the quick release devices included . These are a very sturdy design , I can see no way that there would ever be a problem with one giving way or accidentally detaching allowing the banjo to fall as long as you clip them into place properly when you attach the strap . Very good value for the small price paid .
 I was looking for a banjo strap that was wide enough and comfortable enough to support my banjo . I have had bilateral shoulder problems , and the weight of the banjo on my shoulders is a `` sore '' subject for me . I tried the Neotech Super strap because of the advertising about it , and found that the strap is indeed very comfortable , and the weight of the banjo is evenly distributed . I just bought a new open-back banjo with a heavy neck , and I am having trouble finding any strap to support the neck , including the Super Strap . But if you have a resonator banjo -LRB- bluegrass banjo -RRB- , that is heavy , the Neotech strap should work fine for you .
 This strap was purchased for a Deering Goodtime 2 and works a treat . Very comfortable , carries the weight of the banjo nicely , and is easily adjustable for both myself -LRB- tiny at 5 ' -RRB- and husband , who is over 6 ' . Easy removal with the clips is a nice bonus , too .
 I just bought a great OME prototype for their North Star open-backed banjo to celebrate my 65th birthday , so I can learn clawhammer . -LRB- Fabulous instrument ! -RRB- When I realized all the instructors I was checking out recommended wearing a strap to support the banjo , I started looking around for one locally . Afterall , I do live in Nashville , so how hard could it be ? I specifically wanted a cradle strap , but had no luck finding one that supported the banjo AND could be detached , so the banjo could fit into its VERY snug case . . Then I came across the Neotech by accident , while searching Amazon for instruction and tablature books . I ordered this strap and received it in a few days.The strap is designed to attach to brackets on the pot and works great that way . And each end can unsnap from the parts that attach to the brackets , so the strap can be stored separately in its case . I 've used it like that and the strap supports the banjo wonderfully and is very easily removed , when necessary . However , if you want to create a cradle strap , my suggestion is to also order a rock climbing runner to slide between the brackets and the pot around the lower part of the pot and then attach the Neotech strap to the ends of the runner . I have n't done this yet , but see no reason why it wo n't work , as long as the runners are narrow enough and thin enough to slip through the opening beneath the brackets.In short , I love the strap . And its design will make modification to a cradle strap quick and simple , no matter what you choose to use for a cradle . Rock climbing runners are available on Amazon.PICK ON !!!
 In the past , I 've used any number of banjo straps . Some were improvised guitar straps and others were specifically for the banjo . I 've had a problem with `` cradle straps '' in the past because they just would n't fit in my case as long as they were still attached to the banjo . This strap has solved that problem
 My Stelling Staghorn banjo is a heavy instrument that gets heavier and heavier as the show goes on . I used a leather strap that even though it was decorated nicely , dug into my shoulder after a while , making it ache like heck after even a short set or jam . I read about the Neotech strap and decided to try one out . Big difference ! Feels like it weighs at least five pounds less . I like the quick-disconnect feature , and the materials are a lot friendlier to the finished wood .
 I like all the padding on the strap . Real comfy . I wish it was a little more obvious how to attach it to banjo .
 I have bought and used about every banjo strap known to man , the Neotech is by far superior to anything else I have hooked up to my Gibson ESS . The straps are easy to hook and unhook , I have two sets on my banjo , one set for the Neo and another for the harness I use when the back needs a rest . It 's easy to uphook one and hook the other . Well done and I like the bounce feature , softens out the jolts .
 I bought this for use with 6 string banjo . It 's very comfortable , easy to hook onto the lugs and balanced . I highly recommend .
 I noticed the way the banjo positioned and seemed to feel lighter right away.It was easy to install and what is really nice separates easily for storage in the banjo case.I will probably order another set of quick connect loops for my other instruments . I added a fuzzy velcro sheath around the contact points where the nylon loops met wood , just to avoid abrasion.The pad is a little wide so I wear a shirt with a stand up collar if I 'm going to play for any length of time.I am well pleased with the way it feels , though , weight wise and will recommend it to others .
 Very comfortable strap , using it on my new banjo . I really like the clips , they make it very easy to put the strap on and take it off . If you are like me and looking for a comfortable , convenient and most importantly affordable strap , you 've found it ! I highly recommend the Neotech Super Banjo Strap .
 It was exactly as it said and better . Easy to attach and comfortable to wear while playing . Thank you . Jeff Varga
 I PURCHASED THIS FOR MY HUSBAND AS A CHRISTMAS GIFT A FEW YEARS AGO AND IT STILL LOOKS BRAND NEW . IT HAS REALLY HELD UP .
 I bought it because I really like that it has clips so I can easily take it off when I put in the case . Got it a few days ago and it 's by far the most comfortable strap I have ever owned . It really reduces the feel of the weight . Suits my needs perfectly .
 This is a very comfortable strap and keeps the banjo in the prosition I want it . I like the release clips since the only down side to this strap is that I can not fit it in my banjo case attached to the banjo .
 Good 5 string , resonator banjos are heavy , like Les Paul heavy . So you need a good strap . I once owned a Les Paul and I had a stretchy strap that worked best for it . So once I saw my friend w / his super banjo strap , I demo 'd his and then got my own . It 's at least the 3rd strap I 've worked with and I found one on amazon for like $ 15 plus shipping etc. , which is way cheaper than any decent leather one . I am happy enough ; the connection straps are long enough to keep the plastic quick snap connectors away from the neck base and the edge of the resonator and that was the problem with one of the straps I tried . I had a cradle type strap also , but my biggest issue with that was getting it to fit in my case w/out laying it over the neck - which I do n't like doing . I 'm a firm believer in having a well fitting hard case close snugly over the neck , for support in storage , or in case it 's dropped . I 'd buy another super banjo strap if I lost this one . - happy pickin ' -
 Padded portion of strap is quite soft and comfortable.Both ends are a loop . You disonnect the quick release buckles and loop ends through banjo head retainer rods . Easy to do , and you can vary locationGood Product - I would from this manufacturer again .
 Pros : Probably the most comfortable banjo strap made.I love the clips on the end , these allow you to just wrap the clips on your rim once , then you just leave them there , and click your strap on and off.Clips fit in my banjo case just fine , I just have to make sure they 're no lying underneath my banjo whenever I put it in my case.Cons : None .
 Neotech needs a separate sheet included on how to install these . It is n't immediately evident that you have to loop the strap ends through the banjo struts .
 I 'm a new banjo player , but long-time guitar and mandolin player . After getting the instrument , I picked up an adjustable nylon strap from one of the most popular makers at my local music store . Clipping it was a pain in the neck , the clips rubbed on the resonator , and the strap slid around on my shoulder . The Neotech strap solves all of those problems . The banjo does feel a lot lighter with this strap . There is a bit of stretch in the neoprene as pointed out by another reviewer , but I do n't find this a problem .
 Fantastic strap . Nope , it is n't leather or tooled or all that kind of stuff ... But it is really comfortable and fitted with ease even my CC-OT banjo that has a * really * tight spacing -LRB- all the others I tried were a bit of work to fit through the brackets -RRB- . Had it on my heavy weight resonator bluegrass , once again extremely comfortable and sturdy , so had to buy another so I can just have one on each .
 My back and shoulders no longer ache when I play . Well made of good material and easy to use . Wish I had this sooner .
 this strap worked well in relieving sharp pressure on neck and shoulders . I was cautious of the connectors out of fear that plastice might easily break and result in dropping banjo on floor . However , the clasps are a heavy duty plastic and seem to be substantial . I do check for proper connection on a regular basis .
 Very happy . I like the ability to quickly unclip the strap before I put my banjo in the case . Comfortable to wear , easy to adjust .
 This Pearl Drum Snare Strand is deff a buy pretty cheap too , only $ 8.00 bucks for me when I bought mind and it sound so good and nice perfect tension around the snare I have a metal snare and it sound pretty haggard too me it 's so smooth fits the whole area when I play with my band defininly reccomened for someone nedding a new strand for there Snares !
 I was looking for strings for my guitar that had a softer feel , other than the original steel strings that were stressing my fingers . Through research I decided to try the Elixir strings with the light polyweb coating . I could not be more plesased . I believe I have found my relief and answer . These Elixir strings feel great and they make playing my fender such a joy . I plan to buy a set for my acoustic guitar . Thank you Elixir . I also Thank Amazon for always having better pricing than the competition .
 awesome strings that do n't tarnish ... worth the extra couple of bucks because they do n't get tarnished or rusty from finger grease/sweat
 Fender Guitars come with those nasty `` bullet '' strings -- these are light years better . Easy on the hand , last really long , and have wonderful tone . I use them on my Stratocasters and am really content with them . It is such a cheap way to make your instrument so much better .
 These are great strings , I will continue to use these strings for their sound . I do recomend this product and give a thumbs up .
 I use Elixir guitar strings on all of my guitars . A friend got me started using them , and now they are the only strings I will use . Mine lasts me for more than 6 months because I am still just learning how to play . My body oils usually turn strings to dust in a couple of hours , but these strings seem to last forever for me .
 A bit more expensive then other strings , But theire worth it , the tone is outstanding , They last a long time , they never rally come out of tune ... . and they do last 3x5times longer then any other string I 've tryed . The sustain is great they give a nice soth blusey thone , Not to dark not to bright Just perfect.These string 's are worth it !
 I love these strings , they last longer than any strings I 've ever played , and sound great . I would recommend them to any one
 These strings sound good but they also feel good as your fingers slide along them . They may cost more but they last longer . This means that they are not more expensive to use and that you will not have to trouble with changing strings so often , and that 's a good thing .
 The strings are pretty good . Not much else can be said about them . They work well enough and have not broken yet .
 I was in the market for a good portable music stand that was n't going to break within the first few weeks of use , and I was willing to pay a little more for one than I had in the past . The K&M Heavy Duty Music Stand did n't break the bank , and the construction is sturdy . As a trombonist who does most of her playing in a standing position , I always had a problem finding a folding stand that raised high enough for me to keep a good posture and look at my music at the same time . This stand actually raises higher than I usually need - a convenient `` problem '' to have . In addition , the black finish makes the stand more professional-looking at gigs ; no bright colors or even silver to make it obvious that it 's folding model . The wide base makes it quite stable , and the desk is a great size for dealing with the various dimensions of full-sized music that I come across . I can tell that , with care , I 'll be relying on this stand for a good while to come . I 'd recommend it for any musician who needs a good stand on the go .
 Apart from the slightly poor English translations in the instruction manual -LRB- yes , there 's an instruction manual -RRB- , I could n't be more pleased with this stand . Everything can be adjusted and , once adjusted , stays in place . The music shelf is generous in width -- enough to accommodate a 2-3 page spread at one time -- and tilts to any angle you 'd like . The feet have rubber tips that wo n't scratch your floors . It collapses neatly and quickly as a single piece . While not the lightest stand available , it will fit into a tote or courier bag for easy transportation . This stand looks good , too , with clean , architectural lines and lyre ornamentation .
 I never had a problem with it holding my music , even with a heavy notebook loaded with scores . It is definitely solid . It is scary the first few times setting up because there is a procedure to unfold it to avoid bending anything . But once learned , i could go from bag to ready to roll in about 10 seconds . And , unlike the cheap wire ones , i could pick it up by the top and be assured that the base would not be left behind . It was tall enough and the angle adjustment was solid so i could alter it for stand-up work and with a little positioning , worked well on uneven ground too . I would definitely buy another one of these if i needed one .
 This a a nice stand . It folds into a small size for easy transport . I use it to equipment manuals instead of music sheets , and it is sturdy enough to hold a small or medium sized manual .
 I bought one of these at a local music store many years ago , and use it all the time . Since I could n't find one locally , I ordered another from Amazon . I was n't really surprised at all to find that it is basically identical to the one I bought at least a decade ago . A classic design that just works .
 This stand can hold a small binder of music and not tip over . I have given several to friends and they use them for our weekly gigs . The best of all variety of stands we have tried .
 My previous stand was falling apart -LRB- after 1.5 years of use ... so typical of cheapo stands -RRB- so I decided to buy a portable yet rugged stand . So far this is the most durable portable music stand I 've ever purchased . Has some kind of a ratcheting system that makes it so you do n't have to over-tighten to hold heavy music , does n't fall over under load , and has a solid reliable feel . Did n't come with a carrying case but fit the case from my previous music stand . Only issue is it takes a few tries to get the assembly procedure correct , but the box has pictographs to guide non-engineers through . Highly recommend .
 As a professional gigging musician , the K & M Heavy Duty Music stand is the most durable folding music stand I 've ever encountered . It 's lightweight and compact , yet sturdy enough to hold a 200 page `` Real Book '' without you worrying about bending it or the stand falling over.Some complain about the awkward way in which the top folds in on itself when disassembling . Just read the directions a few times and it will come naturally after one or two tries . This folding actually protects the thinner metal rods from being bent during transportation , and is really the key to this music stand 's superiority over its competitors .
 Believe it or not , this is NOT made in China like Everything else is . It 's made in Germany ; however , the stand is not intuitive regarding setting it up . This is why I gave it 4 stars and not 5 . Even with the instructions , it took some head scratching to get the book holder folded out . Now that it 's fully set up , it holds even my heaviest music binder . It 's also tall enough to glance at when I 'm rehearsing my Arias and Oratorios .
 As a trumpet player I recommend this highly ; it 's good and strong lightweight and durable and can support an orchestra book as well as a big band folder or a Real book ;
 I really appreciate its sturdiness
 This stand is strong , adjusts to all needs , and is professional looking . Highly recommended .
 Great stand - it 's light in weight but provided heavy duty service-it will hold TWO Real Books ! . It folds up small too ! Great buy !
 This stand is very sturdy and optimally adjustable ! The only challenge in using it is folding it up and unfolding it correctly . Fortunately , the instructions for doing so are included in the box and are clear . However , they are on a small piece of paper that could be overlooked .
 This is exactly what I was looking for . I 'm glad I spent the extra money to get a better quality stand , I 've had no problems with this stand getting knocked over or wobbling . If you 're considering buying this , do n't hesitate !
 This stand just feels durable . not too heavy but just a good overalll stand . Definitely recommend it to anyone . GREAT
 I needed a new stand to replace one of the single part folding stands that had seen 5 years of stand abuse . This one is very nice and sturdy ... a little heavier than I am used to , but definately worth the extra price and trouble .
 I purchased this music stand , because the stand I had was too weak to hold up to Harp Lesson books , which are quite large and heavy . I saw it here , and it looked like myInstructor 's stand , and it 's the same one ! I got it at a Great Price on sale , and it goes law to the ground , which is important for Harpists . Very sturdy and strong enough . It folds small enough to place in my music book bag with my books . This is an excellent choice !
 This music stand is of very high quality and perfect for my son to take to orchestra practice . It was difficult to open the first time , however .
 This is a very sturdy stand which is not prone to bending or warping . It is also very stable and has a reasonably wide shelf which allows you to place more books or thicker books on it . Very glad to have purchased it .
 I bought this as a gift for my father , and he absolutely loves it . We were visiting a family member who had this stand and my father could n't stop commenting on it . He loves that it folds up so small into pieces , but is still so sturdy . The shelf is substantial enough for a book , but still works well with sheet music . Very nice stand , and I 'm glad I could track it down on Amazon .
 I have used a heavy duty K&M stand that finally got crooked . I love this stand because it works in windy conditions without toppling as easily and readily as many others .
 The is a good quality violin for a reasonable price . The case is also very nice . My case interior is blue instead of burgundy - i do n't really care - it is just as nice . It is worth the price .
 its for sure not the most comfortable neck strap out there but it is good enough for me.may be a little this for a tenor sax as far as comfort on the neck in my opinion , but works fine with my alto .
 This is a nylon neck strap for a musical instrument . It 's advertised as being for an alto or tenor saxophone , but I bought it to use with a bass recorder and it works fine for that . It 's not fancy , it has no padding , but it does the job .
 Because of the cost of shipping , I bought two of these although I only needed one . The bulbs arrived on time and in good condition . I have been using one bulb multiple times per day for about 4 months and it is still working well . It was easy to install . I am very happy with the product except for the price and shipping cost .
 This strap is great . A little in the short side for some but thats what I wanted in the first place . This strap is extremely comfortable , I 'm starting to play bass and I do n't feel a lot the weight , even though is new for me to have 10 pounds with me while playing . Excellent buy , also good quality .
 It 's too bad I did not see the sizes for Neotech straps before I ordered this one . This strap is very comfortable and will allow me more playing time with my 10 + lbs bass . However , this strap -LRB- Super Bass Strap -RRB- is quite short at 42 '' max . I 'm 5 ' 8 '' of medium built and do n't prefer to play particularly low , but this strap really places my bass too high up my chest . I have n't tried theNeotech Mega Bass Strap , but I think this other Neotech strap is well worth the $ 10 difference . I 'm not sure if the Mega is wider or narrower , but the Mega Bass Strap offers much more length at 51 '' max . I wish I could swap mine , but I 'm not in the US.Anyway , this and other Neotech straps are well worth their prices . They are very well made , plus they will save your shoulder and your back . However , you have to get them at the right size . Too bad this information is not made very obvious by Amazon or even the Neotech site .
 Great strap for the price ! I have a leather strap which I do n't really use much any more after having bought this strap . I may just need to break the leather in more to get it more pliable and soft , but as that strap is now . . it 's far too uncomfortable and use this Neotech strap pretty exclusively.The length , for me , was perfect . I hate playing the bass low , and honestly . . I do n't understand others who do play their basses low as it just causes left hand -LRB- fretting hand -RRB- pain from the angle my wrist ends up being positioned ; it 's off topic , but in my opinion , I always thought it was more of a `` look '' than a practicality in playing that way.But anyway , the strap is great and it has n't caused me any pain yet -LSB- consider the fact that I 've broken my left collar bone , so there are actually very few straps I can use for long periods of time without experiencing any amount of discomfort -RSB- .
 really nice ... the strap is really soft , but there 's one problem
 Awesome strap , but is very very short ... After I opened it , it was given to a 8 year old to use with his guitar . Not big enough for a adult ...
 I ordered this strap for my son . We were able to cinch it up small enough to fit him . The best part is the neoprene that rests on his shoulder and neck which makes it more comfortable than not having neoprene . It was very difficult to fit on to the `` knobs '' -LRB- I do not know guitar lingo -RRB- of the guitar , but once we got it on it has stayed on well . I have never put a strap on a guitar before , so this one may not be harder than the average .
 I know that the market is saturated with straps of all kinds to suit one 's taste but if you 're looking for comfort and quality , look no more ! This is the Best strap Ever . Iv ' e been using mine for over ten years and it 's still in top shape . Love the neoprene comfort and the leather ends .
 The reviews were right . It is short . I have it adjusted all the way out and it just fits me . I guess the shoulder part will stretch in time and add a few inches . I 'm only 5 ' 5 '' and it just fits me . I wear it just above my waist . It is comfortable though and looks as if it is well built . Should last a long time . I do recommend it for short people , or tall people who likes to play their Bass very , very , high up on their breast .
 Being a musician who was recording music from home since the 80 's I can tell you technology has jumped in leaps and bounds . Back then I relied on a dual cassette deck and overdubbing to make multi-track recordings . If you wanted a four track cassette recorder you could get one for $ 400 and up , but the audio quality actually sounded worse than my method . You could go for a professional multi-track console -LRB- 8 or 16 tracks -RRB- if you had $ 1500 or more . So in other words home studio recording was for those who had the money for it.Then comes digital recording in the 90 's . Back then the Alesis ADAT -LRB- digital recording over tape -RRB- took both home and professional studios by storm . It was still pretty expensive , but the audio quality was as close to perfect as you can get . Then hard disk recording came along , and those machines were almost half the price of ADATs . Now we come to a moment in time where you do not need to buy a dedicated multi-track recorder , but instead your home computer can be the studio.E-Mu has been making digital music instruments since almost the beginning . Their products blew away the price barrier on those instruments and created new standards in the industry . Creative Labs have been the leader in PC audio components since ... well since they started in the business . Now Creative Labs bought E-Mu and the resulting merge brings us some of the best audio cards you can buy.The 1212 Digital Audio System is the middle tier of E-Mu 's PC audio card offerings . The 0404 is the entry level card and the 1818 is the top of the line in the series . Intersting thing is they ALL use the exact same digital/analog converters so in essense they all have the exact same sound quality . You get pristine 24-bit/192kHz converters , hardware accellerated effects and mixing on a PCI card interface . So what 's the difference?The 0404 is a bare bones system . The card does n't even have audio input/outputs -LRB- but it does come with cable adapters for 1/8 '' inputs and outputs -RRB- or MIDI connections -LRB- again the adapters help out -RRB- . The 1616 comes with the card you get on the 1212 that connects to an interface breakout box for a total of four balanced 1/4 '' inputs , Six balanced 1/4 '' outputs , two SPDIF digital input and outputs and two optical digital inputs and outputs and four MIDI connections.Now you came here for the 1212 . So what 's up with that one . Well it 's probably the best bang for the buck in my opinion . Yes the audio quality is identical so what we are talking about is inputs , outputs and such . While the 0404 has the bare necessities and the 1818 has a lot of audio options the 1212 is right in the middle . You get two -LRB- stereo -RRB- balanced 1/4 '' inputs and outputs that are right on the card -LRB- not like the 1/8 '' adapters on the 0404 -RRB- . Same goes for two MIDI connectors . Plus you get a daughter card that gives you SPDIF in and out , digital optical in and out , a Firewire connection , and an external connector in case you ever want that breakout box from the 1818 -LRB- they sell them separately -RRB- . So for $ 50 more than the 0404 you get digital connectors and the ability to upgrade . Sweet , huh?Lets break down the features : - Professional grade 24-bit/192kHz converters with 120dB dynamic range . That is better than CD quality recordings , including those enhanced CDs . - PatchMix DSP mixer is the built in mixer that is processed by the hardware on the PCI card . That means your CPU wo n't take a heavy hit from you mixing several stereo channels . The patchbay is also really flexible too . - Signal processing and effects are all done via the PCI card . Over 600 different effects -LRB- including standalonw and VST -RRB- are at your disposal , and just like the mixer it wo n't tax your CPU because the processing is done on the card.On top of all that you also get a disk with a stack of third party software that you will find VERY useful for making your home studio : Steinberg Cubase LE - The light version of Cubase recording studio software , but it 's plenty powerful for any home studio . 48 audio tracks and 64 midi tracks can be recorded along with a suite of studio quality realtime effects and the ability to add more via VST . It also includes virtual instruments as well as the ability to add more VST instruments . You also get a special discount for more instruments.Cakewalk SONAR LE - another light version of studio recording software . Do n't know why you get two bits of software that do the same thing ... maybe in case you prefer one over the other . Anyway this one offers 64 audio tracks and over 100 midi tracks along with 14 studio effects and several MIDI effects . You also get notation , drum editing , loop editing and more in this `` light '' package . Like Cubase you can get the full version at a discount.Ableton Live Lite 4 - Yet another lite recording software package . This one seems to be more inclined for those who do live or acoustic recordings with just a few tracks you want to lay down and then mess with with some flexibility on improvising the mix.Steinberg WaveLab Lite - Lite version of a very popular wave editing software . Also good for doing your mastering on as well.IK Multimedia Amplitube LE - Tube amp on your desktop . ` Nuff said.IK Multimedia T-RackS EQ - This is an anolog modelling plug in for audio mastering and EQ . I like it better than WaveLab.Minnetonka Audio Software discWelder BRONZE - This is just a trial verson of the software . It gives you all the options for making CD and DVD audio including the ability to burn 6 channel surround audio.SFX Machine LT - An effect plug in with 21 presets of freaky effects . You can get the full version at a discount , which has hundreds more effects.E-MU Proteus X LE - Light version of the Proteus X . There are about 1000 instrument sounds in here from the Proteus 2000 -LRB- which is where the Proteus X gets its sounds from -RRB- . I am thinking you can get a better version of this software at the E-Mu website -LRB- http://www.emu.com/promo/proteusvx/welcome.asp -RRB- for free if you sign up for their newsletter.All in all if you want an Emu pro audio card this is the one to get as it gives you the most option for just a little more than the entry model as well as the ability to upgrade to top of the line if you wish . All you really need is a MIDI keyboard and this baby to start recording music . Audio recording and mixing , effects processing , software instruments , mastering all in one package .
 One thing that often goes under the radar with this card is that it has pro audio settings on it 's 1/4 inch outs . I 've never found a card better for live use . I use a desktop onstage for the added horsepower , and I can line my Emu straight into my powered Mackies , resulting in excellent onstage sound quality . Everything can be hooked up with stock lines , and when you lose a cable , that can be a lifesaver . Simplicity of hookup , excellent sound , pro audio settings , and 1/4 inch outs make this the perfect card for the keyboardist playing softsynths live . -LRB- If you 're a desktop user -RRB- . Plus you get the extras mentioned in the previous review , -LRB- a firewire input is handy to have -RRB- . Oh , and the price . What 's not to like ?
 I bought one of these a little over a year ago for a guitar that I assembled to Fender Tele specs . The guitar fits snug , and after a year of gigging , it looks & functions as brand new . So does my guitar , which is also a testament to the construction of the case . I 'm building another Fender-type guitar and plan on buying another SKB-FS6 for that guitar too .
 This case is heavy duty . It is wider than another SKB case I have , and it 's clasps are HD too . Nice plush interior , perfect fit for my Telecaster or Stratocaster guitars .
 I recently purchased this case to protect my Fender Tele from getting beat up on long road trips . This case is very nice ! It 's not very heavy . My tele fits just right in it . The latches are plastic , but very nice quality . I 'd recommend it for sure !
 I purchased this case to carry my Fender Strat and PRS Custom 22 and 305 guitars when I travel . While the interior is not an exact fit for these guitars , it is very close and there is no movement when the guitar is placed inside . The headstock of the Fender Strat fits slightly better inside . There is a compartment inside in the neck area for small items such as strings , tuner , capo and picks . It is not large enough for a guitar strap or cable . The inteior lining is a plush black fabric . On the outside , the locks are very secure and would be difficult to accidently open and with the added plus of a TSA lock . The latches are heavy duty plastic not mettle . The fit of the lid and base are typical perfectly tight fit of SKB with aluminum trim . The handle is very secure and large . The case is light weight but very sturdy . If you are a traveler needing a sturdy `` strat '' guitar case at an affordable price this one should be on your short list . BTW I took the `` free shipping '' and the case arrived within 2 days of my order ... amazing .
 This microphone picks up the nuances of vocal takes in all possible `` colors '' if that makes any sense as opposed to most other mics that only capture most prominent sounds possible for a microphone in this price range.Having said that , you must realize that high end microphones means that their audio sensitivities are way up there in that they pick up sounds you never thought existed in your surroundings like the small freezer fan in the fridge downstairs behind multiple closed doors.NOTE
 I decided a while ago to upgrade my microphone arsenal . I had just he basics , sm57 's 58 's , the normal stuff . I did a lot of research and arrived at the TLM103 . I got it a few weeks ago and am now in the process of re-recording old songs just because this microphone sounds so much better . It 's like I 've been driving a Ford Escort around all these years and just got a Cadillac . It 's a huge difference , highly recommend it .
 If your looking for a pristine mic and require vocals that are clear and transparent , then this mic is worthy of your consideration . This mic has a wonderful clear and warm quality which can help make recording vocals a pleasure and can really help you shine .
 I can say the Neumann TLM103 is a great addition to my microphone closet . It compares to other microphones at twice its price . There are better microphones in the three thousand dollars and up class for vocals but the surprise for me was using it on acoustic instruments like guitar , banjo , Dobro and fiddles/violin . I ca n't find a better microphone for placing these instruments in the mix especially when blending with multiple vocals . I do find I must use caution when using the TLM103 for recording vocals as it tends to over accentuate esses and tees and the best cure I 've found for this is a great vocalist who uses quality control during the performance . I have also found when recording a trio of vocals it does n't work well to use multiple TLM103s . It seems best to use different microphones on each vocal.In review , as always Neumann comes through with a great microphone .
 These stick are pretty polarizing
 Our church was having issues with the stock microphone that came with our Shur PGX system , particularly `` thumps '' when the user would say words starting with `` p '' or `` t '' . The stock mic had the intake pointing directly upward toward the user 's mouth , so it was REALLY easy to have issues with that . We were almost convinced we were going to have to go to a full over the ear/cheek microphone setup , but thought we would give this a go first . Glad we did . This little guy has the intake pointing directly forward , away from the user 's chest , and it makes all the difference in the world in `` smoother '' recordings . We stopped 99 % of all undesirable noise by just switching mics . Highly recommended !
 I advise a high school drama club and we have been using Shure wireless microphones for many years . We are pleased with the WL95 but should replace them more often than we do . Some of ours are many years old ! We should be more aggressive in replacing them since they sound muddy and pop when they get old and dirty . -LRB- Note that the kids pretty much abuse the mics ; they do n't handle them or store them like they should ... -RRB- This vendor -LRB- Full Compass -RRB- was the cheapest I could find anywhere and my local supplier says I paid only a couple dollars more than he can get them for . -LRB- He price matches but would n't do it in this case . -RRB- Prices are all over the place ! In addition to being the cheapest , they were easy to deal with and quite prompt ! -LRB- Note that Full Compass was not the cheapest when I got quotes for an `` inexpensive '' intercom system last year . So , shop around . -RRB-
 Great mic for the price . I use it to speak weekly and has great sound both for the live audience as well as for those listening to the recording .
 I 'm very pleased with our new mic . Sound quality is great , and battery pack is light enough for women 's clothing .
 Use this in sound reinforcement events , wedding ceremonies , etc. . Great pick up compared to the one that came with the SLX Shure unit we bought . Shure is the best !
 These strings sound like they are brand new even 3 months later . Totally worth the extra money . Thank God for Elixir !
 I have been playing guitar -LRB- electric , acoustic , bass -RRB- for a little over 14 years now and these strings are the only thing I will put on my acoustic . The tone is n't right for everyone , but it is right for most people . Great longevity , great durability , great tone ... buy em .
 I 've been a pro guitarist and teacher since the 1980s . I also once worked at a large guitar shop where I had access to many choices for stringing my own instruments.I love the sound of these strings on my Taylor 710ce , and also on my ` beater ' -LRB- Larrivee D-03 -RRB- . These are about 3x the price of most other -LRB- conventionally wound -RRB- strings , but they do last about 4x as long -LRB- unless you break them -RRB- , as the package accurately claims . So , for me , this is a no-brainer !
 This is the third or fourth Christmas that I have ordered some of these strings from this vendor and they have always come in a very timely fashion and are just what I was expecting when I purchased them . Thanks again for excellent service !
 Even though these are a light gauge , the strings feel very durable . The mandolin I bought came with more flimsy strings , which I got rid of . These feel much better . Good tone and projection as well , even though I have a cheap mandolin . I 've had one set of these strings on the instrument for months now . . still sound great , and no breakage .
 I 'm certainly no expert , but I think these strings sound great on my flat-top . There are periods where I do n't play , and these strings seem to last longer without rusting than other strings . This was particularly useful in the tropics . I always keep the box in my case to remind me what to buy .
 These strings are about as good as I have used . Easy on the fingers and pretty good sound too . Buy it .
 I 've been playing guitar for 15 years and when I first tried Elixir strings , I was sold for life . They make an awesome product . Recently , I just started playing mandolin so put on some Elixirs immediately . Compared to the crappy strings that came on the mandolin , these things feel and sound like heaven . There is a unique coating on the strings that may not be for everyone . The coating also wears away after a while and the strings need to be replaced . However , these unique strings are the best I have ever used.I completely disagree with the reviewer who said these are poor quality . It can be easy to snap a high e-string of any brand -LRB- I 've done it on multiple occasions from other high quality string manufacturers -RRB- . When replacing strings , they should be tuned up slowly and stretched as they are put on . This is especially important for the e-strings .
 I have been using Elixir strings since they first came out . They last and last and last . I can get from 3 to 6 months playing time out of a set . Highly recommended .
 These strings are great for my mandolin , I received them in two days as usual . I am very happy with the product
 great stand ! nice big base and cup for bass clarinet bell . nice wider opening at top
 This stand proves an absolute god-send , when doubling on other instruments . Not only do you not have to worry whether the bassoon or bass clarinet you have , will be trampled on by perpetual feet , the instrument fits snugly onto the stand , so you wont have to worry should it collapse or not . The stand is deceptively heavy = studier , and makes doubling , or simply giving your arms and hands a rest , easy ! Definitely worth every penny !
 I just put my first set of Elixir strings on my Gibson Earl Scruggs Standard banjo . I have no ulterior motive for rating these strings very favorably , so this is my honest assessment . They are the best strings I have ever used in my 30 years as a banjo player . I do n't know about longevity , but the sound improved at least 20 percent in my estimation . Yes , they are pricey , but I 'm told by a guitar playing friend that they last a lot longer . Even if they do n't , the improved sound is worth the additional cost .
 I ca n't say much more than my title . Elixir is my string of choice for guitar and banjo , Martin and Deering .
 These strings , which I use on my mountain dulcimer are great . The wear well , are relatively quiet while playing and the online price is hard to beat ... I would recommend these Elixir Polyweb strings highly .
 Although I do n't think it lasts as long as they say it does , these strings are great . My only complaint is that they left a residue on my fingers when I first put them on .
 Nothing ' perks up the ears of some city folk like the sweet rang of a five string resonating out of the holler . To know the sweet love of a banjo is not unlike the love for your first born . There is an underground group of pickers that President Obama turns to in moments that require true grit . They in fact gave the green light on Mr. bin laden . The bottom line
 These are very good strings . Have been using them and really are easy on the fingers without sacrificing sound . I have had custom strings for my Deering Ivahoe but these are pretty nice .
 These greatest strings attached to your banjo are way better than no strings attached ! String yourself up a set . You 'll see what I mean .
 I put these strings on my banjo , and the sound was much better . They were so good , I got another set . I will only buy these strings .
 Although I have not installed the strings yet , they were exactly as advertised . I have used them from other sources .
 Excellent design , durable and robust.Turntables with enough torque to cue mixing and scratching.Digital features like master tempo and key lockCool 8 % & 12 % pitch slide with durable structureTone arm with cartridge include -LRB- good quality -RRB- Mixer with durable crossfaderCrossfader with cut/fade option for mixing and scratchingGood sound and power outputHeadphone excellent to mix with no problems . Good bass capabilityIf you are a new Dj or semi-pro Dj this is an excellent package to start with cause even when you start mixing Ok there is enough juice you can still squeeze from this equipment . The money worth it.To complete the package make sure you have a good set of speaker and a modest receiver . The money worth it !!!!! Note
 Used Student B flat Selmer Clarinet with assesories and hard case . Our daughter used it for one year and decided that music was not for her .
 Because of its smaller body , the Epiphone EL-00 guitar should not be subjected to the larger diameter strings , which might cause too much stress on the bridge . Elixer 's Custom Light Gauge , Polyweb coated , strings solve this problem . Elixer strings continue to be my string of choice for professional applications with acoustic and acoustic/electric guitar . I use the Polyweb coated strings on all of my most prized instruments for their extended life , minimization of hand/finger fatigue , and control of string `` squeek . '' This is a critical consideration during any live performance or studio situation . These strings cost more than others but they are completely worth the extra cost . My purchase , here at Amazon.com. , represents a real bargain price on a top-of-the-line staple . I think if more introductory-level guitarists had the advantage of Elixer strings , they would be much more likely to stay with the instrument and develop into creative musicians . Your string choice is not the place to cut costs . The strings represnt your actual point of contact with your instrument and Elixer Polyweb strings are simply the finest , in my opinion .
 I replaced my 12 to 53 's -LRB- also Elixir -RRB- with these custom lights and simply love them . I basically went to a lighter string for comfort , more than anything else . I think I 've tried every string made -LRB- maybe a slight exaggeration -RRB- , and have no desire to further experiment . Simply put ... these work ! As with all Elixir polyweb strings they have a tendency to look a bit worn or tattered as you use them over a period of time , however , they keep their tone , reduce squeak and are comfortable to use for acoustic guitars . They do last ! I currently use these on a Rainsong , which is carbon fiber and has a tendency to amplify string squeak due to the guitar construction . Being a loud guitar to being with , you lose little volume -LRB- if any -RRB- going from 12 - 53 's volume wise.I also used Elixirs on my Gibson SJ-200 and Southern Jumbo -LRB- 12 -53 's -RRB- and would never Considered anything else .
 You cant go wrong with Elixir strings . These strings will briten up the sound of your guitar and last alot longer than others . Try them out , I think you will be amaized with the quality . Thumbs up .
 Even better than expected ! I put them on my guitar the same day I got them and they sound great ! I 'll def use these again
 Best strings in the market hounds down . Amazing that given all the technology in the world these strings are still unparalleled . Often imitated but never duplicated , get elixirs and nothing else !
 I 've used Elixir custom light acoustic guitar strings ever since the company sent me a set to test out before they were available at retail . I do prefer the older-style POLYWEB strings over the newer style NANOWEB , though . They do n't last as long as the NANOWEB but they also do n't have an artificial , `` tinny '' sound . -LRB- And do n't get me wrong , even the POLYWEB strings last an incredibly long time -RRB- I 'll keep using these strings as long as Elixir makes them .
 Polywebs are way better than Nanowebs . If you 're gon na get the coating , you might was well go whole hog . Anyway , coated strings sound better than uncoated strings , they feel better than uncoated strings , and they squeak less than uncoated strings . Yeah , they cost twice as much , but they last twice as long , so it 's a no-brainer .
 I pretty much use these strings exclusively , now . I have three guitars that I rotate between , so sometimes they sit for a week or so without playing . I 've found that with the Elixirs I do n't have to change strings but about twice a year . They stay in tune and sound great !
 These strings have an amazing sound and response ! I wish they were less expensive because they seem to lose their sparkle in a short amount of time . The sound is so addictive that I feel the need to change strings more often . I have also broken more of these than any other brand with the same gage . I highly recommend these if you can afford the habit . They are remarkable .
 My daughter loves these strings . She has small hands and fingers and these strings work just fine for her .
 I find myself returning to this e-string all the time . It matches well with many sets of G , D , A combinations -LRB- Dominant , Vision , Infeld Blue -RRB- . It is clear and focused and does not squeak easily . The brilliance and clarity exist all the way up the fingerboard . The ringing overtones , power and clear focus brings me back to this string . It also seems to work well with every violin I own .
 I am learning to play the mandolin and a friend lent me his . The strings were old metal strings that were old . They were killing my fingers and I have callouses from playing guitar !! I was also getting really frustrated because my playing sounded absolutely horrible ! Well , I finally figured out to get these Elixir strings -LRB- I use them for my guitar -RRB- and WOW what a difference ! I am actually encouraged by the way my playing sounds , and these strings no longer hurt my fingers !!
 These strings sound so bright and clear that I do n't why I ever used another string . I ca n't afford a great mandolin but these strings make it sound much , much better than before . Also , I find that they last much longer than D'Addario strings in the same gauge .
 Elixir strings are by far my favorite on most instruments , and this is no exception . The strings were fresh , arrived on time , and at a great price . I will be purchasing more as I need them !
 Great strings for a great price . I use them on a cheap mandolin I purchased and the Elixir Strings make it sound great !!
 Now I know when I say that when I say `` finger grunge '' some of you will think I 'm a mutant freak , but some of you know exactly what I am talking about . Some of us have skin oils that form a green build-up when repeatedly applied to metal , and guitarists call it finger grunge . Yes , even when I wash my hands before playing . I know , I 'm just one of the lucky ones . If you are , too , and you want that green gunk to appear on your strings less often , Elixir Nanowebs are a good investment for any stringed instrument you use .
 I got these strings to replace the ones that originally came with my mandolin . They did n't disappoint . The sound and tone was jsut what I was looking for . I use Elixir strings on all my guitars . Highly recommended !
 I play the Mandolin in a group at a local Renaissance Faire . This is probably the worst possible environment for a set of strings . These held up well even though I still managed to break them , and sounded good the whole time . The coating seems to be able to stop the dust , dirt , and finger grease from deadening the sound . I used them for 3 days straight aproximately 10 hours of strumming and picking time in the dust , and they still sounded good to me . I will always use these if I have a choice .
 nice tone and i really like the coating that others have pointed out as a pro . Would definitely buy these again !
 Bought for a Fender Jazz bass to replace a soft gig bag . Fits perfectly and seems like it will last as long as I need it to .
 Bought this for a custom bass that was made for my son , The case is the perfect size and is easy to carry around .
 Excellent product . Fits my Fender bass better than the Fender version of this same case . Much less bulky and heavy than the typical rectangular bass case . Makes it much easier to carry my bass guitar around.Thanks , Rick
 It works . I plug it into the keyboard and it sustains and release like any other . Might be a bit bulky , but it better simulates a real piano sustain pedal with its height from the ground . Good product and I recommend .
 This is a five star chanter paired with a one star reed . I decided to take up the uilleann pipe after building some experience with the Scottish smallpipe and parlor pipes . I purchased this chanter from The Other Worlds music shop . The chanter is prettier than the website pictures suggest . The brass keys function well ; although , I had to push one a few times to free it up for smooth operation . The brass is not polished . The wood is stained black so that it is darker than natural African blackwood . I used a tap to thread the reed seat , and the tap revealed that the chanter is truly blackwood . This is important information because many web postings disparage `` blackwood '' Pakistani pipes as being inferior wood painted black . My chanter came with a sloppy cork joint . I removed the cork and replaced it with waxed hemp . The chanter is decently tuned and it will play two octaves , when I use a good reed . The plastic reed that came with my chanter did not play in tune and it plays only the lower octave . The reed did not play in tune because the staple was too short . I managed to get the reed to play the lower octave in tune by extending its length with a bit of 3/16 inch brass tubing . If you do not know how to tinker with double reeds , expect to pay someone at least $ 100 to get the chanter working.I paired this chanter with the companion top called `` ullieann pipe connector '' in the Amazon listing . The top is OK , but you should read my review of it to avoid surprises . I completed the set with bag , bellows , and stocks that I made.How could I write this generally positive review contradicting the multitudes of negative postings on Pakistani pipes ? Many people seem to think that Pakistani pipes are unplayable . Some of those people have no experience with Pakistani pipes , but they believe internet rumors . Many people who ca n't get Pakistani pipes to play could n't get the best Irish-made pipes to play . Much of the criticism against Pakistani pipes is aimed at rosewood pipes , and it is true that rosewood is very much inferior to blackwood . However , it is unfair to compare a $ 50 rosewood chanter to a $ 1500 custom blackwood chanter.Among Pakistani pipes there is considerable difference . As with any manufacturing , mistakes occur . When an instrument has a flaw , a manufacturer has three options
 Very nice sounding ligature at a great price . It livened up my old Meyer hard rubber MP .
 I 've needed some time to adjust to this machine , and after playing with it for several hours , I 'm very pleased . It has many strengths and what might be seen as shortcomings . There are just too many features to cover all of them concisely hear , but I 'll touch on a few that make a difference to me.Immediately I liked the slim design , made possible by the omission of internal speakers . I was especially pleased to find that my Yamaha FC-5 sustain pedal worked as either the high-hat open/close pedal , or the kick pedal , though a velocity sensitive trigger would be better suited for the kick.The pad sensitivity is fine . I do n't have to hit very hard to get the loudest sound , which does n't give you much room to control the volume of a strike . After a few minutes , I was ghosting on the snare without a problem . However , if I inadvertently strike away from the center of a pad , all the pads pick up the strike and one or two will sound quietly . Rolling messily on the snare , I often hear the hi-hat chime in uninvited . This is easy to avoid with a little care.The included speakers are very poor , not reaching nearly the volume or ear coverage to muffle the sound of hitting the pads . I already have a fine pair of headphones with a 3.5 mm to 1/4 '' adapter , the Bose Tri-Port over-ear headphones , so I did n't even take the included phones out of the box.After discovering this pad , I found the Roland SPD-11 and SPD-20 . These appear to offer the same functionality with a higher standard . After longing for a few minutes , I found the price on those . At $ 700 , I might as well go for the TD-3 V-drums for $ 1000 . At the $ 155 I payed -LRB- open box at Best Buy -RRB- , I 'm extremely satisfied.I bought the pad to practice and play with friends , since I 've been without an acoustic kit for almost a year . But the pad also has some pretty powerful drum machine features , allowing you to create sophisticated loops and fills which can be triggered by pads or used as accompaniment . I look forward to using the MIDI connectivity to start composing and performing real music .
 This nifty little desktop drum machine is a good tool for getting your feet wet in the world of electronic music , for an aspiring drummer to test the waters , or for experienced musicians to work on ideas or just practice . With 100 patterns in 50 presets -LRB- and optional fills with each pattern -RRB- and great drum sounds , this device can be used as a stand-alone drum machine , played in real time with the included drumsticks , or both at the same time . It can be quietly used via headphones -LRB- also included -RRB- , plugged into an amp , PA system , or home stereo , and can control -LRB- via MIDI -RRB- other sound modules , hardware and software synths and sequencers , and digital music software.The ION IED04 shares the exact engine found in the highly successful Alesis SR-16 , and the controls are identical . I 've used the SR-16 for years with fine results , but what I 've often found lacking when manually programming a dedicated drum machine is the human touch . Being primarily a guitarist , I just do n't think like a drummer . For strictly electronic pieces the synthetic sounds of pure machine are fine , but for pop , rock , and other `` organic '' genres a machine is often a bit sterile.However , playing the IED04 with sticks adds a good deal of realism to any drum pattern , even with limited drumming skills . With decent pad sensitivity and -LRB- I believe -RRB- eight velocity levels , the device picks up a lot of nuances that are difficult to simulate when programming a drum machine , and can help speed up the creative process as well.A rear-panel input lets you jam with any external sound source such as CDs , MP3 players , or your own recorded tracks , and MIDI Out allows the IED04 to drive other devices -LCB- MIDI In would have been a helpful feature , however -RRB- . Inputs are also included for electronic kick and hi-hat pedals -LRB- not included -RRB- , which may be tough and/or costly to obtain - ION does not appear to offer them . Though by no means a `` pro '' model , this drum machine/performance interface delivers solid value for its price , and is fast earning its place in this reviewer 's project studio .
 UPDATED 11/17/08Before the launch of this product the Alesis Control Pad was the only 8-pad midi drum trigger in the $ 200 range . The Control Pad redefined the industry so much at its price Guitar Center would n't even order them due to no profit margin . This one is good for the consumer!Ion - Audio , lower division of the Alesis company , has now cranked out a very affordable nice rubbery 8-pad unit with a MIDI-OUT ! It also has a built in SR-16 drum machine , which is an industry staple . Set to fixed midi notes , each of the 8 pads can send out midi . With software like Reason any drummer can record using drum sticks , and if needed assign the performance to an appropriate sound . Using Reason 's various instruments , each of the 8 pads can be mapped to a different sound ! This is an amazing capability for a unit so cheap which makes this product in the category of `` unheard of until now '' . The pads feel like good heavy duty rubber and are extremely sensitive . With velocity mapping in the NN-XT a perfect patch can be created for your drumming style . They do n't feel amazing like a high end Roland pad but remember the price.For a tech-minded Reason user this is a brilliant and cheap device that can be used professionally . For example , with the additional use of a couple of software programs `` Bome 's Midi Translator '' and `` MidiYoke '' the 8 pads can be assigned to send any notes allowing each pad to work on a different channel within Reason 's Redrum Drum Computer ! Using Bome 's Midi Translator to build a patch for this purpose only needs to be done once . This is truly exciting power especially for those on a budget.The ION iED04 comes with headphones and some cheap drumsticks as well , making the box an incredible value . If you are seeking the absolute cheapest 8-pad midi trigger system , this is it ! Without USB this unit needs to be plugged into a standard midi interface , which could add to the cost of getting it up and running if you have no existing midi ports . I 'm connecting it with a basic Yamaha USB midi interface.Professionals and students alike can use this as a 4-in-1
 I have had other drumpad sets in the past that were not very good . A friend introduced me to higher quality pads -LRB- Yamaha -RRB- and I can honestly say that these pads are of equal quality and have a lot more features and options . A lot of fun , this drumpad set comes with adapater , earphones , and drumsticks . Midi in and out , over 200 preset sounds , soft pads with realistic sensitivity , tempo control , etc. . A great tool for computer music . I would suggest that this unit is of equal quality to many big name brands in this price range -LRB- under $ 250 -RRB- .
 I bought this for my son -LRB- 14 -RRB- who is teaching himself to play electric guitar . He loves it and says it works great .
 This Wah Wah pedal is pretty cool!I was impressed , when I opened the package.I was expecting a smaller plastic sort of thing and was pleased to find out , that for the low price , I got a real quality pedal . My friends think it 's really cool , too . It sounds great and opens new possibilities for me . I own a FAB Distortion and ca n't play without it . I hope the pedal holds up as good as the fuzz box . I was going to get a talk box , and may still , but I can make this sound like a talk box for `` Sweet Emotion '' and `` Hair Of The Dog '' . I love this , another great product from Danelectro !
 I 've had this bluetooth headset since 2005 . I have used it until the battery 's life cycle was fully exhausted -LRB- 2007 -RRB- . Pros : - Easy to pair with mobile phones and my laptop - Nicely priced - Interchangeable coversCons : - After a year or so , a part of the ear hook broke away.Overall , I 'm satisfied with the service this headset has provided me . It helped keep me safe in answering phone calls while driving .
 I work in a small studio that creates music content and broadcasts live video shows over the internet . Sometimes we simulcast to three different mediums -LRB- two audio-video encoders and one audio-only encoder -RRB- . The output of our mixer also feeds several headphone amps in the studio . All-in-all it 's a big recipe for ground-loop hum , the splits to the video encoders are the biggest culprits , suffice to say it 's an engineering nightmare.Our hum and noise problem got very big when we added video to our broadcasts and it seemed like there was no way to get rid of it . We already have a 3-way splitter transformer on the output of our console and there was no way to add another one without degrading the sound . I tried a 1x4 distribution amp but it did not have the isolation to break the ground-loop hum so that was not an improvement , indeed , it was actually a step backwards in some ways.We had a big show coming up and I really wanted to fix the audio but I did not have time to build another transformer isolation box for the inputs to the video encoder so I turned to my friends at Amazon for a solution.To be honest , I did not think this box could possibly work . I normally pay more for one raw audio transformer than this completely assembled two-channel unit . I ordered one and got it in two days as promised . Our studio mixer had one set of unused RCA outputs for hooking up to a stereo recorder . I used these to feed a signal to this little ART box , then I used the RCA outputs from the ART to feed into our video encoder . PROBLEM FIXED.I was stunned at the tone quality the ART produced . We are doing music , it 's a full range rock band , deep punchy kick drums , mondo bass guitar , screaming guitar leads , sweet cymbals and amazing harmony on the vocals . We record the show right out of the encoder so we have a reference file of what was broadcast . After the show I listened to the recording and it was very impressive , not only was the hum gone but the whole signal seemed cleaner and better in ways that it should not have been . I do n't know whether the HUM had been causing high intermodulation distortion or what , but what I do know is our music that is going out on the internet is sounding like we want it to sound , big , full , rich and hum-free . The variety of input and output connectors on this box allows it to be connected in lots of different ways . We 're in the process of moving to a larger studio and I will be adding a few more of these to solve other problems in our personal monitoring system that the performers listen through.I did some tests in my lab to determine the quality of the transformers inside this ART box . To be honest , it does change the frequency response slightly but not in a hugely adverse manner . Bass frequencies below 50 hz are a little more distorted on very loud signals , that is what I could measure in the lab . In the real world nobody is going to hear the slightly degraded sound and everybody is going to appreciate the removal of ground-loop hum.If your hum is caused by some other source this box is not going to get rid of it , it 's not a hum canceling or hum removal sort of thing . It removes hum by breaking ground loops , plain and simple . It does that well as far as I can tell and at this price it is a real winner .
 After months of struggling with buzzing from two of my powered monitors , I finally decided to try the ART DTI and it has worked perfectly.I have an `` active '' 7.1 surround system with XLR connectors on each speaker , but unbalanced RCA outputs from the surround processor . 5 of the 7 speakers were fine , but the two surround-back channels had a consistent , loud buzz . After too much time trying everything I could think of to find common ground -LRB- including stringing extension cables all over the room to the different outlets -RRB- , I finally ordered the DTI . Once in place , the buzz was gone , and the speakers sound as good as ever -LRB- I ca n't detect any degradation in the sound -RRB- . The box itself is extremely high quality -LRB- metal , not plastic -RRB- , and the jacks all appear to be high quality . It 's a passive unit ; no batteries or external power is required.All in all , I 've very impressed .
 I had my doubts but once this is plugged it it worked wonderfully to create recordings that are Hum Free ! I highly recommend it to all .
 This did exactly what it was supposed to do . I also commend you guys on the speedy shipment ! I have since used this on several occasions without a hiccup !
 I have a Yamaha MOx8 keyboard that was giving off a serious ground hum when hooked up through my laptop 's audio interface . The ART DTI Hum Eliminator reduced the noise to almost nothing . Works as advertised , I 'm satisfied .
 These tuners are the best thing since sliced bread . I now own four of them . I use them just about every day of the week . They 're small , easy to carry in your gig bag and very sturdy . Battery life is very good in these tuners . I keep one with each of the instruments that I 'm using so that I do n't have to try to remember where my tuner is hiding . Also , there is always someone who needs to borrow one to tune up -LRB- I forgot mine and left it at home in my other case -RRB- . I think about it like that phrase about the credit card , '' do n't leave home without it '' .
 I 'm happy with this tuner . It was a good price , and a decent piece for my first tuner . It does tend to pick up voices and noises around the immediate area , which is to be expected .
 I like this product , i checked this product as recommened by the professionals its great , clear , reliable.Its amazingly easy to configure , in a few seconds believe me 5-seconds and your set to rock . it begins by connecting via infrared then the wireless radio connection takes place.I took my guitar to the last end of the house and still rocking no weak singals , i trusted the recommendations and i believe them now , auto channel search and auto connect . . When you cant connect and the light goes orange , it means change the batteries as simple as that , it was not specified though but i discovered it : -RRB- ThanksTOA
 This is simply peferct ! This device provides a high sound quality , along with faithful sound.The design provides an easy adjustment to your belt and it 's very simple to be handled.Strongly recommend .
 I teach music classes at five daycare centers . This is perfect for little hands , and has a nice weight and sound to it . The only thing that 's a little negative is that the rubber holders break easily . I just replace with string when that happens . Otherwise great !
 Like the title says , the triangle was to be `` ting `` ed upon completion of a task . Perfect !
 This is a resonant , yet focused , triangle.Head 's up
 I 've used these for several years now for various children 's ' programs and they have outlasted rough little hands and sound great ! Great learning tool .
 My daughter got this from her wishlist on her 4th birthday . She loves it . I also started teaching her to use it when she needs to call instead of shouting . She has been playing real nice melodies on it .
 This microphone does the job ! ... great sound , easy to set up , and have n't had a single problem with it ! I certainly do n't get any `` extra noises '' from this microphone as I ever did with a wired microphone ! It does n't pick up every single `` puhhhh , '' `` sssssss , '' or `` plunk '' when touched or tapped . I 'm very happy with it ... Only thing though , I recommend getting rechargable batteries ... as you 'll need to have an extra pair or two if playing long shows as do I. ... usually 4 hours plus . Most batteries and brands last a good 4-7 hours ... but sometimes it just seems that some brands do n't last as long as the others ... cheaper in the end to just buy the rechargable ones ... it does n't take long ... and they last a good while!Thanks Shure for making such a wonderful microphone !!! Will certainly stay with company forever !
 State-of-the-art product , great features and good sound performance provided by the UHF operation
 So I was really excited about this purchase , I 'm a singer . songwriter , producer , in NYC , and I 'm starting to perform a lot , so this was a must have addition to my arsenal of musical equipment . Unfortunately , I received a defective mic & did n't realize it until the night of my show ; I had never tested it before then . Lesson learned . I tried everything & then called Guitar Center & they told me to bring it in & see if they could fix the problem . Well turns out it was defective after all , no sound at all . Just a bad mic . So I wrote a negative review on US SOUND & LIGHT 's page & wanted to exchange the mic for a better quality version , effectively giving the company more money , even though I received a defective item.Well ... Paul from US Sound & Light was supposed to send me a prepaid UPS return label , but today I received this email
 Very impressed . Big upgrade relative to wired SM58 . Much less noise handling the mic , while sensitivity to desired input is better . Highly recommend to anyone considering an upgrade to wireless . Extremely easy to set-up .
 I 've yet to gig with this mic , as I just got it yesterday , but when I got it home and set it up , it sounded great , clear and absolutely no noise , even when left unmuted.My sound board was showing me +6 db of output when the gain was at 3 o'clock , and 0db at noon , so I 'm not sure what equipment the negative reviewer was using , but it may be that it works better with some mixers than others.I plan to gig with this mic this weekend and going forward . I 'll never ditch a wired spare , just because it 's wireless , but I fully expect the backup mic 's case to collect a TON of dust.The remark that the sensitivy of the mic is definitely true . If you are not `` right on the mic '' , do n't expect to make it through a mix . That 's what sound people are for , anyway . :-RRB- For the money , it 's by far the best wireless mic I 've seen , having evaluated similar systems from AKG , Sennheiser and Digital Reference.I usually write my reviews before I gig , because I want to let people know what difference there can be `` out of the box '' versus `` on the road '' , as the later is what counts . So , expect a subsequent review from me soon.Rock on , Shure !
 I have been a dj for quite some time now and I can tell you this mic does the job , and then some!The sound quality is great , there 's not unwanted interference whatsoever and the reliability of the equipment is just the best . There 's nothing like shure when it comes to wireless systems .
 Ordered this and use it for voice projection , not performance , but it works absolutely perfectly . The sound quality is much better than the Samson we had , and the sound is actually much better than the hard-wired handheld that we have . Shure makes great quality products . I am very impressed by the depth of the sound that this produces and you can hear it clearly . It has a sync button that makes connecting it to the receiver ever so simple . By far the best quality mic we 've purchased in the past several years , and it feels sturdy , and as if it will last many years .
 I have used SM58 microphones in performances for over 15 years and I like their sound quality and dependability . The Shure PGX24/SM58 gives the same sound quality and reliability of the SM58 with the added versatility of wireless . I have used this wireless mic indoors and outdoors , in large and small venues , and with different amps and mixers . I have never had any problems . The sound is always clear without any static or interference . I find the sound pick-up pattern and sensitivity of this wireless mic nearly identical to the SM58 . I highly recommend this wireless set up for vocal performance .
 I purchased this mic due that I have use similar shure mics in the past . I can only say good things about this mic , great performance and great for vocals . To be honest , I do n't think there is a better mic from another brand at this price range . I have been using shure mics for about 8 years and do n't want to go with anything else . They are just great . Have had this specific mic for about 8 months.The only issue I could find with it is that there seems to be some reception issues when working outdoors . Of course , I live in Chicago which is one of the worst places in the world for wireless devices .
 Works great with no problems . Just follow easy instructions on selecting the correct channel and it connects without a hitch . No dropouts ever .
 Just recieved product . Was on time , small delay because of weather related problems.Unit itself work fine for our church setting.Gave it a trial test and found no dead spots and it sounds ok .
 I 've been using this for about 6 months now and it 's never failed . It sounds great ! I use rechargeable batteries in it and they are fully charged before a show . Our shows typically last 3-4 hours and there have been times I left the mic on after a soundcheck so it 's been on for 5 hours in a row and the batteries have n't died yet , so that 's cool . No problems with feedback or any type of interference . Have n't lost signal or had any drop outs or anything.Storing it in it 's case can be a pain because I 've never figured out a good way to store the AC adapter without bending up all the wires . I have n't had a short in the wiring yet tho.Overall , I 'm perfectly happy with this and have no complaints .
 The H6 is very impressive in range and performance and has multiple channels . the only thing i dont like is there is no volume control on the base station . In fact they need to include it on the mic for some applications this would be great .
 I was hesitant to spend that kind of money for my little Dj business . However , this thing has been flawless .
 I just want to thank these guys for honoring their posting . I guess the price was a typo , yet they still honored it !!!
 I am sure that Shure is sure that they deserve a 5-star review . They do !
 Very easy to set up . Sounds awesome . Will definitely buy it again in the future . Highly recommended folks : -RRB- After 3 years of use , still going strong . No issues with it . I want to get another one but will save some money first !
 Always loved Shure mics . I think is the best product in the market . No more drop outs and very clear sound is a given . Will stay a customer for life with Shure Mics .
 This is the my 2nd Shure in 6 years , and they take a beating with me doing a lot of Bar & Bat Mitzvahs and other types of parties . They work great and you keep going . never really have an issue with channels either . I usually take a minute and change the default channel right when i get the mic to ensure that i do n't have an issues later down the road .
 Been using it for more than a month on a 200 people hall church without an issue . It works good without noise/interferance .
 The Shure PGX24/SM58 Handheld Wireless System , H6 sounds great !!! Did a live show with it and it sounded great and performed very well . Easy to set up and use . I would recommend this micrphone to anyone who wants the freedom to move around the audience and still sound great !!!
 We have tried several different mic 's . This is the only one that consistently works for us in our environment . Other models do work , but there were feedback or other issues . This one works with our Mackie 1642-VLZ3 and echo processors .
 I have been playing bassoon for twelve years , starting in the seventh grade and playing through my senior year of college . Since I have no aspirations of being a musician , there is no need for me to make my own reeds . In twelve years of playing in top ensembles and always buying my reeds , I 've yet to find a reed this good and a company this consistent . The price is amazing for how long the reed lasts , and the reed will last for a VERY long time , as long as you treat your reed well -LRB- soaking for eight minutes before the first play of the reed , playing it for ten minutes at a time for the first few days , soaking the reed for two minutes before each practice/performance after it is broken in , warming up in the middle register for five minutes before playing any pieces -RRB- . I have a Gower reed that is two years old and still plays extremely well . It 's pretty gross looking , and I certainly only play it in case of a serious reed emergency , but it always works well .
 This stamp is top quality . It is a wooden block , with sponge under rubber , and then the rubber pink stamp itself . My wife is a cardmaker/stamper , and she reviewed this stamp and said that it 's well made.It is small . It will make a tiny tablature grid imprint that could fit above bars of sheet music . Good that way.If you are , like me , just stamping onto an index card to write some chords so that you can remember tabs to a song , well , I wish it was a tad bigger.In addition , for the price , it is a small stamp . My wife has many intricate rubber cardmaking stamps this size or bigger that cost half as much as this uke tab stamp.That said , I think it 's the only one around . Someone might consider making one that is with more than one grid per stamp ... like size 5x8 to fit on a 6x9 large index card , and on it have 4 rows of four grids each . When doing this with this tiny single stamp , they get all crooked and stuff . Thanks
 We could live without inked chord frames , but they come in handy . The first comment I hear from my students is , &#34; Where did you get that . &#34; They come in different sizes and for different instruments , so do your homework before choosing one .
 The stamp was exactly what I expected although it is marked as a mandolin stamp . I use it for ukulele chords .
 I bought this stamp for adding chord patterns to song sheets . Exactly what I was looking for and shipped promptly .
 This is an excellent tool for music people . Stamp the design on your music and fill in the appropriate finger placement for the chord . It 's simple , precise and a great aid for learning new chords . It offers a quick `` refresher '' glance at a chord when needed instead of having to stop and look it up . The small size makes it very convenient for stamping right on your music sheet . A must for beginner chord players.The stamp is good quality , no nicks or dents in the rubber to cause skipping . Well mounted and marked . Appropiately priced due to being a Job Specific item .
 I love this little gadget , it save me a lot of time when I writing music . Good quality too . I recommend this product for any ukulele player .
 I have been using this stamp often since I got it . It fits in a compartment of a hard case or a gig bag easily . It 's the perfect size to use with lined music paper and it makes jotting down chords to songs so much faster and neater than doing it by hand . The stamp is small enough to fit in on the side margin or between sing along syric sheets but big enough to see easily . Anyone who plays a 4 stringed instrument and wants to create his/her own combinations will find this little stamp a very useful tool .
 This is such a simple little device , you 'd think it would be easier to find . I could n't find this at any music store . It is a little stamp that allows you to mark up your Ukulele music sheets with chord tablature to assist with learning . I 've used it tons and it is holding up well . Still nice and clear after many , many stamps . If this one fell apart for some reason I would buy another one .
 This is a good little product that does what is says . It 's helpful if you need a visual prompt for a letter chord , or if you 're writing your own songs on your uke . Good size . Do n't forget that ink pad .
 Some people complained that this stamp was too small or that the rubber part -LRB- the actual stamp -RRB- was improperly glued onto the wooden block . Mine arrived correctly aligned . Regarding the size , I suppose the block itself could be bigger but you 'd probably lose sight of the stamp under it . It prints clearly and cleanly.Pug at the Beach
 I must say I am extremely happy with this microphone ! Amazon did an outstanding job delivering the item and I got it in no time . This wireless microphone is amazing and the price is just perfect for this kind of professional sound and quality . I am planning to buy a few more in the near future ! Audio Technica has made a great product at an amazing price .
 This is the second one I purchased , both have been exceptional . My first was ordered with a lapel microphone , the second one with a handheld.Good range without interference , very pleased with this product . The price here was better than the first one I purchased from another distributor . I use this wireless for a variety of situations including legal video depositions and seminars.Ed RoyTE Roy Video Productions
 I am an audio tech at my church and we , due to negligence of others , go through wireless microphones like toilet paper . We 're a small church , so I could no longer justify paying higher prices for premium gear . My budget used to be around 600-1000 for microphones . Now it 's less than half that . No point in burning cash if you 're just going to have to buy a new mic in 3 years , right?I got this microphone after reading some reviews . I do n't like plastic bodied microphones but when your budget is as low as mine , you have no choice . I took it out of the box and was surprised by the build quality of the microphone and receiver . It uses AA batteries , and it has charging contacts so you can dock it , but I have not been able to find the charger on sale anywhere.Range is very good on this microphone . It can go quite far without degrading the signal . It 's also quite sensitive . We have a very soft-spoken pastor and this microphone really helps pick up his voice without having to increase the gain on the mixer.I ca n't say much for the battery life since it 's my first use . Will update as I get more mileage out of this microphone.I love the fact that the package includes rackmount brackets . Now I do n't have to pay insane prices for them . Sennheiser charges almost $ 60.00 for two pieces of metal and a few screws . Ridiculous.Overall , the best microphone at this price point .
 I ordered this microphone as a replacement and therefore wanted it to be an exact match for the old mic , the ATW-T220 . Everything in the description -LRB- including the picture -RRB- indicated that this was the exact match , however the unit I received was the ATW-T220a model , which is probably technically identical but aesthetically different -LRB- mic is all black and does not have blue band on it -RRB- . The mic works great and so I am keeping it , but what they are advertising here is the `` a '' version of the ATW-T220 .
 I bought one of these to go along with threeAudio-Technica 2000 Series Frequency-agile True Diversity Uhf Wireless Systems . The tranmitter sits in the rack and looks great with the other recievers . The mic or transmitter is more what this review should be about though.I like that there is no `` stand by '' switch position that turns on the LED but not the mic . I ca n't say how many times our talent has managed to use that `` feature '' . What I do n't like is that the battery cover screws off . I like that it screws , but when it comes completely off in your hand it is sort of weird . It is not a problem since I usually sit it down on a table or bench to check/change the batteries , but it is annoying to me .
 I have had this mic for about a year now . It 's awesome . It just works - no drop outs , good quality sound , great distance . My church bought some `` cheap-o '' wireless mics that came in a four pack and in my opinion this thing kills them , especially in sound quality . The only complaint -LRB- very very minor -RRB- is that the actual mic feels a bit cheap . It does n't bother me at all but I know that can be an issue for some . Great product and great price .
 If you are purchasing this to add to a stack of these you already have , make sure you check the frequency range your devices operate in . I did n't , and the range this product works in is not the same as the identically modeled products we already had at our church . Which means that I ca n't easily swap mics/packs around , as I had originally planned to be able to do . Oh well , live and learn . A few other items of note
 Excellent quality . Excellent range inside our church with no dead spots . A very professional system . Crisp clear sound . Easy to use on/off .
 I have been using this for about two months and I have had no problems whatsoever . I was extremely impressed with how well this mic picks up regardless of where the presenter has it . Whether it is by his chin or he is holding it way down by his stomach ... still GREAT pick up range , without the feedback . The mic and receiver as well are very attractive units . Mic is very sleek and sturdy . I actually had the system set up in a hall and then took a walk out to the car park while talking on the mic and continued walking over 150 feet from the receiver and it worked perfectly , through a few solid concrete walls no less ! For the price this is a must buy !
 They shipped the item so fast , the box and the item is we 'll secured . the unit works so well and so easy to operate . no feed backs or cut-off and the sound is great . thanks so much !!
 I am a sound man for my church . We have tried several other mics in this ones price range ... lets just we were not happy ! They break , they pop , you hear fuzz in the signal , handling noise is outrageous , they make noise when you turn the switch on and off , and you get a hiss on your recording -LRB- sounds like an audio cassette . -RRB- The purchase of the ATW-T220 mics was a last resort and then it would have to be more expensive mics . We have been so happy with them as they do not interfere with the service in any way . The switch is quiet and the only thing you here when in use is what your supposed to hear ... the voice in front of it . I highly recommend this mic if you are trying to stay on a low budget . My only complaint is that there is no battery meter , just a light to indicate that it 's on . Otherwise great mic !!!
 ... at least that 's what Amazon sent me when I ordered this Conn-Selmer one . The Vito ones I have are entirely satisfactory . I just wanted to see what the difference was . Well unless the order picker made a mistake , they are one and the same.And I have always found that these work perfectly . I wipe down my reeds and then carefully insert them under the rubber band thingie . I always worry a little that I will wreck the reed while doing that but never have . It is important that the reed dries flat which this little case ensures . And the case is the best I can do to carry four reeds safely in a pocket , which I need as a backup during performance when something might happen to whichever reed is my current favorite and my instrument case is far away .
 This was more than I needed but the combination of the rackmount and possibilities for future expansion led me in this direction . I am well satisfied with my choice.This is a simple piece of equipment . It is set up to serve up to 8 microphones with XLR connections . Each has an independent gain and phantom power switch . I experience no distortion and the unit hums along without any help or tweaking on my part . That 's what I want a preamp to do .
 excelent product , I use it for live performance recordings and in the studio , have been an audio engeneer for over 10 years and both my brothers have been audio engeneers for over 15 years , worked on several recording studios and now have my own small production/recording studio . This product does exactly what is ment to , no hums or noises , great gain control with a lot of range to play with , individual phantom power . Construction seems pretty good . Of course is not the sound of a tube preamp , but hey , is not tubes . But still sounds preatty amazing , to be honest I 'm pretty impressed with this product , it exceeded all my expectations and you ca n't beat the price .
 Just what my son needed . These cases are great . He uses both cases to protect his guitars better than the guitar leaning against the wall .
 Nice case , but it does NOT fit the Warbeast with the &#34; U &#34; neck . The case model number for the &#34; U &#34; neck is the
 This is an excellent post accessory mount for mounting percussion accessories like a cow bell , wood block , etc. to your drum kit . I was a little concerned about the quality since it is about half the price of name brand compititors . However , I am very pleased with the purchase and highly recommend it . It is very heavy duty , high quality chrome , with a nice fit and finish . It is easy to install and adjust without any tools . And the arm length is just right to reach beyond the cymbal on a cymbal stand or tom-toms on the tom-tom support . I bought one and was so satisfied , I puchased a second one for another accessory .
 I use this Mount attached to a straight Cymbal Stand to hold a 7 1/2 inch Cowbell . It is a very sturdy Mound and is easy to use / adjust , What more can I say it does exactly what it is meant to and very well at that .
 Man this thing is sturdy . I use it to hold a cowbell and I am a hard hitter . This thing does not budge . Great buy
 I bought a used drum set and it came with this ugly metal hoop clamp which did not look aesthetically pleasing and it mounted with a screw ! I took that ugly clamp off and cleaned the area . I was actually looking for one of those Tama hoop savers when I came across this Gibraltar unit . The Tama piece is nothing more than a thick sticker and only protects a small amount of the flat side of the hoop . It 's common sense that the part of the hoop that takes the most abuse will be the edge . This drum hoop guard solves that problem because it goes slightly over the edge of the hoop.I like this design because it is rubber and provides cushioning from any vibration or squeak that the pedal contact with the hoop might cause.I have a black lacquered hoop and this unit matches perfectly . It will of course look good with any other color as it is the perfect size and disappears under the pedal.Just make sure that before you install it , you clean the hoop thoroughly to remove any dirt or any type of wax residue otherwise the adhesive will not stick properly . First , I cleaned the area , then I placed the hoop guard on and held it tightly for a minute . So far , it has not come off . The adhesive is not the strongest so the cleaning is important and once you install it , do n't try to take it off and try to reposition it as the adhesive will go away.The unit is cheap protection and a good value at the price . Gibraltar makes another model if you want to use it with a metal hoop . This unit is for wood hoops.EDIT
 Bought these for my 13 year old grand daughter , who 's in the school band . She seemed pleased , but what do I know . Actually , she pretty much described the purchase , so I quite sure they were fine .
 I bought this as a replacement unit for another that I had -LRB- exact same make and model -RRB- , which was just left one for way to long and burnt up . Works great produces a good amount of fog and is decent on fog juice . One issue I have had is no other fog timer works with it so I can only imagine that the light show fog controllers probably wo n't work - but not sure yet have n't gotten that far.If your in the market for a good fog machine - buy this one ! Ca n't go wrong with American DJ.John
 I think these mallets are great . They have excellent sound when used on marimbas . Their sound is nice and loud with an excellent ring to it . They also are very durable . The wooden handles are comfortable and good quality . These mallets do not work well for vibraphone , bells , or xylophone . They are n't made for any of those instruments . Overall , I highly recommend these mallets for anyone using a marimba , and do not intend to play very quiet .
 Takes the place of the old Yamaha adapters . Organ is good to go again !
 I liked this little cartridge for the under the $ 50 mark ... It 's a very honest cartridge in that it does not pretend to be an elite audiophile sounding cartridge and then show it 's shortcomings.Basically , it would also be a moot point in trying to compare it with Grado 's high end audiophile carts such as the Sonata , Statement or Platinum models -- those are way ahead of the Black in terms of everything in sound and build quality ! The Grado Prestige Black is basically an entry-level hi-fi or audiophile cartridge that begins to give you a sample of what the more expensive good stuff could be like . It 's just a `` whiff '' ... I utilized this cart for a few months on a secondary turntable I owned . It offered a natural but not completely neutral sounding quality.There was no mind or ear fatigue whatsoever as is often the case with listening to `` bright '' sounding or colored sounding cartridges that tend to exaggerate the mids and higher frequencies or give off a certain resonance . There was no exaggerated boomy bass -LRB- only firm and focused bass -RRB- or ear piercing highs.Period.One of it 's strengths is it 's uncanny ability to reproduce the mids as well as male and female vocals with near accuracy and believability . So , for the modest price range , it does it 's job exceptionally well ... Now -LRB- and here 's the `` honest '' part -RRB- , the Grado Prestige Black is going to show it 's slight weakness in overcoming inner groove sound distortion and it 's inability in tracking harsh consonants/sibilants . It can be `` spitty '' at times and depending on the quality or condition of the record . Keep in mind , for the price point , you are getting something that 's a bit above average in quality if you were to compare it with other name brands in the same low budget audiophile bracket ... The cartridge 's specs , pricing , and playback qualities are right upfront and on the table ... This is an elliptical stylus designed cart and not an advanced fine micro-line stylus tracer which would outperform the Grado Prestige Black in many ways -LRB- basically , while an elliptical needle performs way better than a spherical or conical shaped one , it still has it 's sonic limitations -RRB- . Even though the Grado Black Prestige will show very minimal tracking weaknesses or inner groove tracking errors , it gets four stars for it 's exceptional budget value and noble performance in it 's overall believable and natural musical quality !
 This cartridge completely changed the music quality I got from my record collection -LRB- I went from a cheap cartridge for DJs to this -RRB- . Sonic detail increased tremendously and individual sounds were more life-like sounding . This cartridge is known in the stereo/audiophile community has having audiophile-like performance at a price magnitudes below audiophile prices . An easy choice .
 When my old Audio Technica AT12Sa cartridge in my vintage -LRB- 1979 -RRB- Dual 504 turntable finally died , I started looking for a replacement . Scouring web sources I found a lot of options , but digging into reviews , I found that most phono cartridges under $ 100 were basically horrid . One exception seemed to beShure M97xE High-Performance Magnetic Phono Cartridgewhich I almost bought until I came across the Grado-Prestige Black that cost about $ 30 less AND was well reviewed both at Amazon and on other sites . I am not an `` audiophile '' but I do have a good ear , like many different kinds of music and have about a 300 disc vinyl collection . Cartridge installation was pretty easy -LRB- those nuts and screws are awfully tiny , though -RRB- and after setting stylus pressure -LRB- Shure SFG-2 Stylus Tracking Force Gaugewell worth the investment for this -RRB- and anti-skating , I put a 70s era album on and was blown away by the sound -- strong bass with no boom , good solid midrange and overtones that gave the music more depth than I 'd heard in years . I followed this with a 60s recording of Beethoven 's 6th symphony by the Berlin Philharmonic and was similarly impressed . Clean base , great midrange and highs and better fidelity out of a record that I 'd heard in years . After a bit of investigating -LRB- search for Grado Labs -RRB- I discovered Grado is a 100 % U.S. company , family owned for 50 years , based in New York and VERY fussy about quality and sound . I ca n't recommend this product highly enough . I 'm rediscovering music on records I have n't heard in years and loving it .
 after several years of owning and loving my Kenwood KD-3070 turntable , I decided to upgrade to something new as the turntable is as old as I am . SO I purchased an Audio Technica AT-LP120 after searching many reviews . Read reviews about how great the turntable is but how lackluster the AT-2 Cartridge is that comes with it . To make a longer story a bit shorter , I researched on this Grado cart . Ordered it the same day as the turntable , after installing , im pretty blown away with the results of this turntable and Grado cartridge . Everything just sounds fantastic !!! Audio Technica ATLP120 Professional Turntable with USB
 For the price , this is one of the best cartridges out there . There 's close competition from the Shure M97xe but I prefer the Grado more.I 'm using a Technics SL-1200M3D . The Grado has more treble and bass extension . While the Shure is more neutral of the two , the Grado gets my foot tapping . The mids on the Grado are silky smooth and pairs very well with my tube amplifier and Grado RS2i headphones . If you like the Grado house sound , this is definitely on the shortlist of budget carts.The only thing I dislike about the Grado is that its package is very bare bones . You get the cart , hardware , a stylus remover tool , and a small sheet of paper for instructions . The Shure on the other hand comes in a metal case , has a stylus brush , and an alignment protractor . The case is handy if you ever want to transport the cartridge with confidence.One last thing to note is that the Shure M97xe tracks better on wrapped records so please take that into consideration if you have some less than flat records .
 Great sounding cartridge for only $ 60 . Works and sounds fantastic on Technics 1200 turntable . NO harsh treble , just smoooooth lush music . I like the fact that when the stylus wears out , I can easily replace with a different Grado color stylus if I wish.BTW , Grado makes Excellent headphones too -LRB- I love my 325i 's -RRB- .
 This is the 5th Grado I have used . The first was the `` new Improved '' Grado back in the 60 's . As a former owner of High end equipment -RRB- Mcintosh , Rega , Magnaplanar , etc. -RRB- , I decided to get back into some vinyl listening . Picked this up , and using it on a Denon DP-52F . Connected to a Cambridge Pre amp , using PBJ Interconnects , going through Okyo Amplification to Polk Towers.Even during initial break in , the sound is warm and lifelike . Grado has a muical warmth that no other cartridge in this price range can touch , it brings out nuances with ease . WIll let you know if you need to clean your record as well!Reccomended for Classical , Pop , and Jazz . This is not a DJ Needle . Buy for music , not scratching .
 This cartridge is an amazing deal . It sounds like a moving coil but is actually a special moving iron design . It is capable of a very detailed and natural sound with no brightness or edge that can afflict a number of moving magnet designs in this price class . The Grado can hum if you are using a turntable like a Rega or others which have unshielded motors . It works fine on my Technics , Thorens and Pioneer tables . It is not a great tracker like a Shure but much better sounding in my opinion . The Grado Black is not a big sounding cartridge , nor does it have very deep bass , although it is adequate . What it does give you are those small details that other cartridges at this price cannot.It plays all kinds of music well but classical and opera fans are in for a treat with this very capable cartridge . Hard to go wrong at this price . I also own the more expensive Silver model in this series , which does everything better but for twice the money .
 I fixed up a PL-512 recently . I bought the Grado cartridge for it , as they are known for quality , value , and they make their stuff in Brooklyn ! I admit , I am 25 , so I do n't have that much experience listening to different cartridges , but this sounds great nevertheless .
 I have an ion iTTusb , and have been collecting records for a few months now - using the cartridge that came with the turntable . That cartridge made records sound flat , had an extremely loud hum , and just sounded digital ; which is not at all how records should sound . This cartridge adds dynamics and warmth to the music , I could practically listen to the crackles and pops alone with this ! I 'm sure there are much better cartridges out there , but for starters , this is an amazing needle for the price .
 While it stays less poppy in quiter sections -LRB- than others I 've used -RRB- , this head can actually bring out noises I never heard during loud sections . Maybe too sensitive . Not an actuall audiophile . Just my oppinion that something is a little off .
 This cart had no or near non existent left channel output . I installed it on two different headshells and tried it on two separate turntables switching carts between the Grado and my Shure V15 that works fine . I tested the continuity on all 4 contacts on my headshells with success so I concluded that the cartridge was defective . I 'm very surprised by this as I always understood that Grado carts were impeccable . I 've asked the seller to replace the cart with one that works.UPDATE ... The seller -LRB- Good Eye/Hook Sales -RRB- could n't have been more responsive when I indicated the problem . A replacement was promptly mailed to me at no added mailing costs to me . The cart sounds crisp and clean and alive .
 I had an expensive grado cartridge in the 1980 's that worked great and this was an excellent replacement for that . I had it for about five months and need to use it more to tell how long it lasts ...
 have owned this for a couple months , now . since i 've had this a couple things have happened . first , i tried this with my old turntable , new audio-technica PL120 and compared it to my stock cartridge -LRB- AT-something -RRB- . the stock cart was nice , no issues . this grado was lower output and slightly lower bass . HOWEVER , clarity was great . lots of back and forth , final conclusion was that this grado does sound much better . bass was just tighter and clarity is a very good thing as well as less noticeable scratchy sounds . only drawback is that with the setup i had -LRB- turntable with internal preamp to mixer to amplifier -RRB- , i was getting a little hum at high volumes . not good.NOW , i have a new -LRB- to me -RRB- turntable
 My 13-year old says these sticks are &#34; boss ! &#34; In teenager speak , that means they 're nice-looking , great-sounding , and compliment-grabbing . He 's had many band mates tell him they are jealous of the rich blue color , and I understand from my son that the sound they produce is wonderful . We 've been through many sticks and mallets in the last three years , but we always come back to these !! Long-lasting , durable , and well-made ! Good buy !
 I have several sets of mallets of varying hardness -LRB- loudness -RRB- for my vintage Jenco vibes , and I use these the most now for playing not-too-loud at home . Think Goldilocks - not too hard , not too soft .
 Originally purchased as a cat toy and sure enough works great to rough house with my kitty without getting those pesky little scrapes from her claws .
 These came and are a quality product that work well . My child is in band and uses them daily . So far they are exceeded are expectations .
 These are great mallets . They have held up very well with everyday use . These are much better than other mallets we 've purchased .
 A good all-around mallet . The yarn stays tight after repeated use and can be used on a variety of percussion instruments
 My daughter needed the Balter Mallets for band . These were the specific model the band instructor requested students have , and they were priced the cheapest here . We received the mallets quickly , and they were well packed .
 These sticks came very quickly after I ordered them . It was only about two days . Right out of the box they felt great in my hands . The sticks were perfectly straight and pitch paired , which I tested myself to be sure , and after a little white electrical tape I tried them out on my drums . Love the length of the sticks and the huge tip . It added some serious power and volume to my playing . Overall they are great sticks , and right now they are the main pair that I use . Excellent stuff !
 Hard to find item but got a good deal and fast shipping . This is the original cartridge that shipped with my Sony turntable . i wanted the original so that i could test the specs and figure out if I need to upgrade . Apparently i don ; t need to upgrade
 I use it on an 90 's Rotel direct turntable an it really improves the sound . It is not expensive and sounds great . For an amateur use is totally recommendable .
 Pulled out my dad 's old turntable and set up a stereo system in my room . The needle on the turntable had to have been at least 25 years old , and it was definitely time to buy a new one . Did n't even have to find the custom Toshiba cartridge , bought the Audio Technica one and it took about 2 minutes to set up . Great sound quality , I can finally listen to all of my dad 's old albums without any awful scratching and skipping . Great product .
 Have had an old Sony stereo system since 1987 and the needle has -LRB- had -RRB- been broken since 1995 or so . Recently replaced the needle -LRB- just unscrew the top black piece , pull off the yellow piece , and detach the clear plastic cover carefully -- slides under and locks into position the tonearm , but will take some patience -RRB- and it works great . The single yellow piece will cost much less and would have bought on eBay but do n't currently have an account with them , so all thanks to Amazon . Fortunately , this particular stylus is easy to find compared to some other/older styli . Have purchased some rare vinyl records on top of that as enjoyment . I digitize the records to iPod with MicroMemo accessory and sounds great on a computer . Just use an audio editor and burn to CD if you want . -LRB- Just a suggestion -- what I do . -RRB- Generally , if the album is available on tape or CD as well and you do n't have a turntable with a working needle , a vinyl record would n't be appropriate . Some might choose vinyl for its so-called warm audio tones and cover art that differ from other formats . Probably little demand for this nowadays but you never know when obsolete technology has a minor advantage over the newer stuff . Vinyl records are still in production , but cassette tape is becoming harder to find now , even online ! Blank CDs and DVDs do n't have the archival life of tapes and vinyls because they scratch too easily . Vinyl is very sturdy but certainly not compact , and you ca n't record your own records as you can tape and CD/DVD . Having said that , more than likely you would buy vinyl than tape , but it 's a matter of need and interest . I would recommend this Audio Technica product if you have the equipment for it .
 This microphone is terrific . I 'm a classically trained vocalist , and I recently recorded an entire demo album using the C1 -LRB- with the Edirol UA-5 as a preamp -RRB- . The microphone captured a warm , true , and vibrant sound right out of the box , and its dynamic response was excellent . In fact , I was so pleased with the raw sound that I left it entirely untouched in the mixing process . While this unit 's price is extremely reasonable , this is not a great microphone `` for the price '' ; it 's simply a great microphone that happens to be priced affordably .
 I have a multitude of microphones , and regularly use everything from AKG 414s to Neumann U87s in the studio . Five years ago , I got a pair of the Studio Project C1s after hearing them at the NAMM show , and for routine projects -LRB- other than my Shure KSM32s -RRB- they are my ` go to ' mics . I love them.They have sonic characteristics that are remarkably similar to a U87 -LRB- the recording studio high-end workhorse for the last 30 + years -RRB- , but at 1/10 of the price . You have to hear it to believe it . I know I did.For those of you who may be new to this field , like most other studio microphones , this mic is not intended for live performances and requires a preamp with phantom power .
 I have recorded countless spots , Narrations and Trailers over the years using a Neuman U87 . For less than 1/10th the price , this C1 just about parallels the U87 in every way . I am so pleased that I decided to buy this mic . As with any mic , you must experiment in setting the mic and mic pre for your voice.I am running the C1 through a DBX286A into a Mackie board and through experimentation I have now made the C1 sound exactly like a U87 . I am totally in awe.Tight base and smooth silky highs.Van Ritshie ... Former Image voice of The PGA Tour on Golf Channel .
 Not much else to say , other than in AB tests against other mics in the under $ 300 . price range , this mix is amazing . I sing tenor and it handles the full range without clipping ... Extremely warm sounding mic , if you like that style .
 I bought this microphone to record vocal.Usually R&B. ; I have seen many people using it , so I did n't even think about other products.However , its sound is little `` light . '' it catches high frequency sound little bit more.But you can fix it with EQ . so its very nice for the price , and I would recommend anyone who is considering to buy a mic for home recording .
 This has been one of the best purchases I 've ever made using amazon.I would definatly buy again .
 This amp sounds great with my Fender Precision bass . It can be adjusted for the rock-solid sound that I 'm looking for . The tuner works but is n't as good as a nice Korg tuner . The best feature is how the Master Volume knob works ! Set it at 50 % and the amp is about 50 % of its maximum loudness . Most other amps I 've used are practically full volume at the 50 % knob position . I leave this amp on a stage at a church and have my personal preferences programmed behind one of the buttons . Others use this amp and can do anything they want to the sound settings as long as they do n't reprogram my setting . That is a great feature.The ultra-low frequency extension button is not useful where I play . It sounds pretty good at home but makes the sound muddy and boomy in a larger room.I do n't have any use for the amplifier model presets or the Chorus effect , but I use the compressor all the time.Warning
 I got this amp two weeks ago and I 've been blown away by the quality . It has an amazing range of sound , the different amp models and Smart FX let me customize the sound for whatever I want . And it 's loud . I play in a metal band and this thing keeps up just fine with my guitar player 's 4X10 Marshal stack.This amp is also very well made . It 's tough and durable , and can take a beating . I tend to jump onto and off of it during gigs.All in all , this is the perfect amp for the money .
 This amp is most versatile combo amp to date . The sound shaping is endless , and the modeling is precise . I got this at guitar center for $ 550 . This blows Ampeg sound quality out the water . You can literally make any sound with this amp . Really deep lows , and really high highs . Absolutely amazing !!!
 Overall I like this amp very well . The amp modules give you a variety of tones to choose from . My biggest complaint about it are the effects . They are so so . Namely , the distortion does not sound good on any of the amp choices except for the Grind setting . The filter is average . Octaver I never use . Chorus is decent.The amp is good and loud . I play in a heavy rock band and I have to crank it 3 quarters to keep up . Any other style of music and this amp is plenty . Also another beef is the weight . Its pretty heavy.Overall I rate it pretty good as you can get some a wide variety of bass sounds out of it and it is powerful .
 I have been banging on this amp for several years now . no it will not produce the fat sound of a 2000 dollar head and cab setup , BUT it is solid , rocks hard , pushes air and works great for small venues and easy enough to move about for practice . they dont make these any more , but even if they did i would say get the ld400 to have the option of adding an external cab .
 The item was delivered on time and was received in good condition.We are using it presently.ThanksBob
 I play drums for our Church and bought these for our Worship Services . Bottom line ... whenever I use them ... they always turns heads and hearts simply because of the quality of the sound !
 Everything as listed - could have come with a few instructions but were learning as we go along .
 I purchased the kit for the flute and also the Giardinelli kit for the saxophone . I am a life-long flute player . I was pleased with everything included . The little chamois-type swabs really remove the moisture from the head joint . Good product .
 I 'm happy with the product . It does what it should , and the price was right.Thanks for making a product that contains everything I need .
 The kit arrived with everything my daughter needed to take care of her new flute . I am very happy with this product and would recomend it for flute players .
 All of the items needed to care for your flute in a compact case . Materials were delivered on time and arrived in great shape . I would recommend this item to all beginning flute players .
 This is a very good little cleaning kit with everything you need to properly clean a flute . There are , however , no instructions so I am at a loss for how to use the oil . Other than that everything is good quality .
 It came in fast and it really helps with my flute . I think the price was good for what is on the inside . Pretty good deal
 Decent flute care kit . The items included are pretty nice , but as a previous review pointed out , you never use cork grease on a flute , so I do n't know why this is included , I plan to take it out and replace it with chapstick or something useful . I do like how it folds up nicely , and everything fits inside , so that it 's all at hand when I need it .
 Don &#34; t mess around with batteries , just get the right thing for the job.Got it to go with a new wha pedal and it was absolutely the right choice.Price is right too .
 wow it 's an adapter that works and helps give my pedals power how great is that ? I just wish it was a smaller box
 I bought this for my Zakk Wylde overdrive pedal and it seems to work great . I 've use it on that as well as other pedals and do n't seem to get any feedback . Not only that but Amazon has the cheapest prices anywhere , so that makes this a great buy .
 works well with my wah and it good for saving battery other than that its good to go no problems with it
 I paid only 8 dollars for this power source . It 's very cheap , and it works pefectly . What more anyone can ask ?
 This thing is genius ! I plug it into a stomp box and the light goes on . My guitar then makes cool sounds . I recommend it !
 Works well . I use it daily and have not had any trouble with it . I have even used it to power some non-dunlop pedals and it works on them too .
 I play an amplified upright acoustic bass and an electric upright solid-body bass . I use this ECB003 adapter with a Jim Dunlop MC401 MXR volume boost stomp box . The MC401 runs on a 9-volt battery , but I separately ordered this 9-volt Dunlop ECB003 AC adapter , which is also available at Amazon . I checked the Jim Dunlop website and in its FACs it specifically recommends staying with the same voltage adapter , so I did not order the ECB004 , which is an 18-volt model . The ECB003 adapter works perfectly and seems completely silent . They obviously have changed the design , because the one they sent me is much more compact than the picture . In fact , at 1.5 `` x2 .5 `` x1 .25 '' it is a match for the smallest wall-wart adapter I own . I do n't see how it could be better . Perfect .
 there 's not so much you can say about an ac adaptpr . it works good but is very easy to unplug since the intrymrnt cable slot is right next to it . so if you use short pedal calbles with 90o tips you are in for some unpluggin . this is not the adaptors fault , is the crybaby pedal design . so I recomend you use straight instrument cables and you are all set .
 This works great . I use it to power my modtone clean boost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ...
 I used this for my Dunlop Crybaby wah -LRB- which almost everyone probably does -RRB- . My only bone to pick is that it 's a bulky freaking adapter ! Other than that , nothing to say .
 Works like it should . Plug it in and it is ready to go ! Bought it to go with my fuzzface . .
 what can I say ? this is an AC adaptor that works just fine . you plug it in and it works ... without problems . goes very well with my Wah Wah petal which I love .
 I 'm so glad I bought this . I spent years constantly replacing the batteries of my cry baby wah , but will -LRB- thankfully -RRB- never have to again . And it sells for way cheaper on Amazon than from dunlop itself .
 When I talk about a product such as this , there is really only two catagories of approval
 I bought this adapter for my Cry Baby Wah pedal , and it works fine . The pedal seems to be a less noisy with the adapter than it is with a 9V battery.My only complaint is that the cable is kind of short .
 This adapter is priced right , reliable and is exactly what I needed for my FEA Growler Pedal . My pedal requires 9v DC , 2.1 mm Barrel Connector , & negative center pin ; perfect !
 Every time I would go to use my crybaby pedal the battery was dead and all four feet needed to be removed and screwed back in . Now it is plugged in and always on - when the master switch for the outlet is on . The price on Amazon was cheaper than I found on the large guitar/music sites .
 No more batteries required . No more trying to change a battery in the middle of playing when the battery starts to fail ! Love this !
 i use it for my vox wah and it works great no problems and shipped fast which is a plus
 I HATE using batteries in my pedals !!! It 's annoying and expensive . I had other ac adapters but none of them would fit my wah pedal . I just figured I get this one . It fits perfect and seems very durable . Thanks Dunlop !
 Bought this to power my Dunlop Crybaby from Hell and it works perfectly . Gives smooth even power to keep it giving that trademark sound at max power .
 Great Little Power Unit ... I Will Buy Again !!! These Are Nice and Look Like Well Constructed =-RRB- When You Want Power For Your Dunlop Peddles You Got To Use A Dunlop Power Supply !!!
 I 've owned my Denon DN-D6000 dual deck CD/MP3 player for about 6 months now , and I can do nothing but rave about it.The build is top-quality and of only the sturdiest materials . The technology in these decks will not be surpassed for years to come . They feature digital coaxial connections to your mixer for richer , more robust sound as well as a special cable -LRB- not the typical round MIDI-like cable -RRB- that very securely connects the control unit to the player with a push-clip . The controls -LRB- push buttons -RRB- are firm yet precisely responsive and allow you to make quick adjustments to insure seamless mixing . The large jog wheel is a bit on the sensitive side ... but I 've honestly never heard anyone ever complain that their equipment was too darn good at doing EXACTLY what it was physically made to do -LRB- i.e. , you can give the wheel too big of a nudge when making an adjustment and create yourself an instant train wreck . -RRB- These decks are slot loading -- no trays to worry about getting stuck , which makes for a much more dependable unit over time . From what I have read , these -LRB- Denon -RRB- decks are the only ones in the world that allow you to cue a song from the same CD -LRB- next track queuing ... and the cross fade is user-adjustable -RRB- . This deck also reads MP3 disks ... a feature usually only available on competitor 's highest trim players -LRB- Such as the Pioneer CDJ-1000 MKIII which costs HUNDREDS more than this deck and is only a single table top -RRB- . Sampling and 4 effects are onboard and the firmware/software for the unit can be flashed/updated via CD-ROM . When playing an audio CD , you have 20 seconds of shock protection in case the CD player is jarred or moved -LRB- while dancing around in the DJ booth , for example -RRB- . Shock protection varies with MP3 playback and is dependent upon whether the MP3 track is CBR or VBR . I 'm thankfully unable to comment about service levels from the Denon Corporation and it 's authorized agents because I have n't had the slightest problem.I purchased mine for $ 679 plus $ 35 shipping -- so it 's no wonder why I feel they are such an awesome value ! -LRB- Actually , I would have probably gladly paid more ! -RRB- If you 're considering buying a dual deck CD player look no further ! The Denon name is synonymous with tag lines such as `` Top Quality '' and `` Industry Standard '' -- The DN-D6000 lives up to those and then some !
 I just bought this as a knockaround mic for our auditorium . I also have some higher-end Sennheiser systems that offer better sound and reception , but for simplicity this microphone is where it 's at
 if you own any wireless gear operating in the 700-mHz range it may well become useless come Feb. . That entire spectrum has already been auctioned off for other uses . Every mfg will be different and none that we know of has been selling gear in this range since that spectrum was sold . But check with your vendors and find out if they are going to have some kind of program in place to absorb at least some of the blow of replacing fairly new wireless gear . And no matter how good a deal it is on eBay , do n't buy anything in this spectrum . Period .
 Title says it all . I upgraded from a Gemini UHF unit . This unit is worlds apart from that . The range is incredible , sound is amazing . Microphone uses AA batteries and power switch is smiple to use . Channel setup is also very easy . The base unit is very compact . I wish they had some sort of rack mount kit for multiple units but not a big deal .
 LOVE LOVE LOVE my wireless Shure . Great quality and can take a beating on stage . Professional musician here , so I know what I 'm saying . Love my Shure !
 I am not totally impress with the performance of this microphone . Even when I adjust the gain to the lower dB , it still have some distortion at high frequency input -LRB- like the singer with high pitch voice -RRB- . Other than that , it 's good to have wireless and no antena to worry about . It 's a compact unit . It would be nice to have an on/off switch rather have to unhook the power cable every time to turn it off .
 Lo uso para Dj movil y es realmente muy buen sonido buena distancia de alcance . Es de calidad en comparaci&oacute;n a otras marcas . Lo recomiendo . Lo inicia es que este equipo deber&iacute;a venir en una maleta protectora o algunos estuche herm&eacute;tico ... viene es en la caja.dentro de.un pl&aacute;stico . Por eso le doy 4 estrellas
 I purchased this mic for my church to up grade the music directors mic on the podium . It sounds great . The clarity is amazing . Especially with a touch of reverb . The only thing about these types of mics is that they are not omni-directional and only pick up what is directly in front of them . They are designed not to pick up background noise or feedback from other instruments . This mic does that very well . Because of this design , you must have the mic in your hand and pointed at your mouth when you sing . If you leave it on the podium it wo n't pick up your voice very well . I was replacing a NADY UHF mic . Those are not bad for the money , but this Shure is so much better . I wish we had made the investment earlier . You really ca n't go wrong if you are searching for a lead vocal mic .
 My wife , being the consumate singer that she is , took her latest Christmas present to our favorite bar . She easily plugged it in to their PA system and she was off and singing ! The sound quality was great as she roamed around the bar singing everyone 's favorite tunes . It definitely supports a pretty decent distance between the mic and the base station and like I said , the sound quality was great . Could n't ask for anything more !
 Great warm tones nice sounding Mic . Great for live bands and Karaoke singers . The Battery life last about 8 hrs
 awesome product , it works exactly what I want . I recommend this item it works perfect and without interferences , good sound .
 I purchased this product from a private seller and came just as expected . Product was in excellent shape and has worked perfectly for the many events it 's already been used for .
 I received my product in a timely fashion , and my church family have been enjoying it every since .
 My son loves the sound of these maple sticks . The non slip dip helps them to not go flying when his hands get sticky .
 It 's by far the cheapest POP filter but a very good quality one , it 's huge , 6,5 inches filter , 13 inches flexible neck and 7 inches of separation from the place you put it on the mic stand , awesome for the price !!! althought Ace Photo Digital -LRB- the store -RRB- it 's not so good , they send it by national post when i asked and payed for an express shipping , it arrived ten days later from New York , USA to Toronto , CANADA !!!
 great value for the price ! nice filter , this CAD brand is amazing ! I use it for a home studio ! go for it
 The funny way this attaches to my mic stand is always a little awkward . It 's like ... am I using this right ? I usually attach it to the back of the stand , then loop it over top of the mic so it hangs down in front . Anyway , it works great and is plenty thin enough to let lots of sound through . I do n't detect any muffling at all , which is of course the most important thing . : - -RRB-
 Helps with the pops and filters out background noises as well . I really like this filter . Not the best but great for the price .
 One of my daughters who is a musician had included this item on her Wishlist . She was delighted when she opened the box on Christmas morning and found it was exactly what she needed . Great price , great product , quick to ship .
 very adjustable , just the size i needed , came in alot faster then i thought it would & works great thanks very much
 This item is better than I thought it would be . Not that it needs to be too hightech , but it is well made .
 This pop-filter does exactly what it suggests
 Not a bad filter , but sure there are better ones . I would n't spend a fortune on one anyway , so this does well .
 Once I started using this pop filter , I could n't believe that I had waited so long to buy one . This one does the trick by filtering out a lot of the natural pops that occur when I am recording the voice behind radio and tv commercials . Cuts down on my number of takes !
 After reading some of the negative reviews , I almost passed up on this pop filter . I 'm glad I decided to buy it . These types of filters are designed to be used with big condenser mics mounted on boom stands . The flexibility of the goose-neck is just right when used that way - it stays put and does n't vibrate around . It 's long enough to keep the clamp out of the way . The goose-neck is mounted to the clamp with a threaded knob , so it can be removed and mounted to other fastening devices if desired . The clamp itself fastens tightly to the boom without having to crank the knob -LRB- the rounded screw end does contact the boom directly , so if the clamp is twisted around without loosening first , it might mar it -RRB- . It 's built of heavy enough metal that it 's not going to distort from clamping pressure . It will adjust to the full diameter of the stand , or the smaller diameter of the boom without problems . The filter itself is a double fabric type mounted on a sturdy plastic frame . It 's articulated so you can adjust the angle relative to the goose neck . It 's built well enough that I 'm not the least worried about breaking it -LRB- any abuse bad enough to do that would also put your expensive mic in jeopardy! -RRB- . This is definitely not a gold plated , battle hardened , pass it on to your grandchildren , beamer of a pop filter . It 's more of a Honda - it gets the job done just fine , but it costs a heckofa lot less . I 'll probably be buying more of them , and I 'd recommend it with hesitation for it 's intended use - big condenser on a boom stand . On the other hand , if you want a pop filter for an SM58 type of `` hand held '' mic , you could make it work , but there are better ones designed for that type of use .
 Frankly , I 'd never heard of a `` pop filter '' until my popping p 's and b 's came into consciousness at the same time that this device popped into my field of view on an Amazon web page . I 'll bet that a couple of layers of women 's nylon stockings would be just as effective , but this contraption pretty much purges your elocution of the offensive phonemes -LRB- they 're called `` plosives '' -RRB- . I 'm still hearing the `` s '' phonemes -LRB- sibilants -RRB- along with some guttural artifacts -LRB- `` back '' vowels prefaced by an `` h '' that ignite a momentary gargling effect -RRB- , but this filter does n't purport to be able to do anything about those buggers.As for the price , after seeing the gooseneck , the base , the generous-sized screws , etc. , I 'm prepared to say that this one is fairly valued -LRB- I doubt that the Shure or Blue pop filters , at almost double the price , offer anything more than brand-name status -RRB- . The hardware and build-quality are about as solid and heavy-duty as you could wish for . -LRB- I know I 'll never be able to blow it away . -RRB- Unfortunately , the clamp seems designed to fit on a mic stand rather than a computer screen , which is almost a half-inch too thick .
 Protect your mic and your recordings with a pop filter , you ignorant neanderthal ! What is wrong with you ? Do n't you know that spit is the leading cause of crappy recordings and mic damage ? Sheesh . No wonder you dropped out of Junior High AV class .
 This pop filter works great with my desk-top mic . I clamp it to my desk , adjust it and it stays in place .
 I like to buy on the low end if the functionality of the product makes it possible `` get by '' with it rather than spend much more money and not achieve equal add on benefit . This product falls in that category . It works and it was very inexpensive ! I have no complaints .
 All pop filters do the same ... but this one is better.The screws are larger to tighten them . I also bought Nadi and it has a tiny screw that can not be tighten and using keep on moving and dropping.Actually , all of these things need a good re-design . They wo n't stay and the fexible portion can not be tighten due to poor design ... . ALL OF THEM !
 Could n't recommend this Pop Filter more . I 'm a recording engineer by trade and have use many Pop Filters that cost much more with less quality . This one is used for my podcasting studio - affixed to a desktop mic stand . It holds position perfectly , as well as remaining clamped tightly to the stand . This is the best value for a pop filter that i have found . Get it . Treat it nicely , and it will serve you well .
 This product works just as it should , I even tried to force popping to occur in my recording and had to try pretty hard . I also use a table top mic stand but had little trouble attaching and positioning the screen properly . I highly recommend it to anyone that wants to prevent audio pops from occurring
 It works to filter out the `` puffing '' noises that speaking `` p 's , t 's , and d 's '' makes . Works great !
 I liked it and bought a second one . I once bought another brand that has a spring clamp , and it is useless . The clamp on the CAD is a much better design . The only problem is that it will not clamp to the thinner parts of a stand . I got around this problem by clamping it over a cord harness , or onto the boom housing . It just needs something wide enough to catch the tightening screw . It fits the bottom part of a stand , but that puts it too low to reach the mic . Other than that , it 's built well and is easy to adjust . I 've also tried models with a single layer of material . They do n't stop the pops as well as the double layer type , such as the CAD .
 this filter is a good size that covers almost any style mic well . prevents those clicks and pops well . minimizes but does not get rid of slight inhales all together .
 As stated it 's a bit heavy which causes problems when used on a stand with a boom , but it 's a decent product at a fair price .
 It 's a good product , works well and does what it 's meant to do . I 'm glad I bought it over the other main pop filter , as that one has bad reviews .
 Highly recommended . It does exactly what it should do . The clamp holds fast , the goose neck holds the position you bend it to , and you ca n't beat the price . What more do you need ?
 I was wary of buying this product based on prior reviews . So I might have handled the neck and clamp a little more delicately than I normally might . Nevertheless , it 's installed and it 's doing what it 's supposed to do , so I have no complaints .
 I am happy with the performance of this product , but I must say if I were looking for a `` great '' item this is not it . It does a good enough job of filtering pop noise and hiss , but the arm that connects to the base comes loose . I was able to secure it by removing the base and wrapping the arm with some electrical tape . Hopefully this is not a common occurrence as I do n't think you will find a cheaper pop filter .
 I bought this the same time I bought my condense mic , I use it . I use it when I am singing , or when I am recording prayer.Obedience Is Better Than Sacrifice
 i probably bought this product with amazon like three years ago and i still have it on my mic stand and use it everytime i record music , if anything would recommend you take care of it since the spit protector is very thin like pantty whose wise but still a great buy for better sound production to cut most of the pahhh sounds when recording ...
 I use this everyday . It has prolonged the life of my equipment and improved the quality of my vocal productions
 Solved the problem . Was kind of awkward for use with a &#34; portable &#34; mic , but was adjustable and did the job .
 Great price and worked perfect on my stand . Very happy with this pop filter . Would recommend it to anyone that needs one
 i actually like this pop filter . its portable also , i rate this 4 stars because the metal part where it holds the pop filter is heavy so it might tilt a little bit . i used it with the CAD U37 codenser microphone and i used its little stand thats why . but im getting a new boom tripod mic stand , so ill update if there is any problems with this . but i doubt it . buy it i recommend this for you , its great for a studio home recording .
 Really nice and also a good prize , so you can get good quality music for a cheap prize with this
 Does just what is needed - at a good price . A must for every studio . Was exactly what I was hoping for .
 You can only use a coat-hanger and nylons for so long before you make your cheap self get a real pop screen . This works great . I use it in conjunction with an orange clamp attached to the base , so it can sit on a desktop . Works great , and the price was better than anything I found online or at a store .
 It 's just a simple pop filter . It works great , filters out pops , and it also catches my saliva . I do n't want my mic to get ruined : -RRB-
 I have always used a homemade pop filter made from a wire coat hanger , a nylon , and a binder clip . After getting frustrated with it constantly sliding off , I decided to purchase this one . It stays exactly where you put it , it protects your mic from moisture from your mouth , it is exactly the right length , and most importantly it prevents pops in your recordings from vocal plosives . If you 're on the fence , get it .
 This pop filter does exactly what it purports to ; the flexible neck * does * sacrifice a bit of flexibility in favor of stability , which can be a slight drawback if -LRB- like me -RRB- you use it on a tabletop mic stand . Still , quite recommended .
 The pop filter is of decent quality . The stand is not as flexible as I might have hoped , so it makes it hard to use it with the desktop Blue Snowball microphone that I have , but that 's remedied by attaching it to the desk itself .
 Length :
 I have had no problem with slipage off the stand with the screw mount or issues with it bending out of place -LRB- unless bumped -RRB- . Great flexability - handy when I switch mic 's I do n't have to adjust the filter too much . the filter is n't the best on the market , but it gets the job done . Definately a must have for the home studio frugal .
 I was a little worried as to whether or not these would be as good as the more expensive pop filters ... guess what ? They rock ! Got them in yesterday and the band came over to record . No plosives , pops , salava , etc. . . Worth every penny ! They are actually double screened -LRB- not in the description -RRB- and that helps buffer the wind even more . They are easy to setup , and quite adjustible . Feel confident buying these .
 I love this pop filter . I bought 4 , and use them for my podcast , RoneyZone Radio . I wo n't record without one .
 First of all , what it is , is a professional-quality pop filter for use with professional-quality microphones and professional-quality microphone stands . It works well with either a vertical stand or a boom stand -LRB- with the caveat that if you attach it to a boom stand , you ca n't retract the boom all the way because it 's attached to the boom , and it 's sort of heavy so you need to crank the boom tightness lever tighter than you normally would -RRB- . If you have some non-professional microphone or non-professional microphone stand , do * not * expect it to work for you , because that 's not what it is . It might work in that case , but no guarantees.As for how well it works
 This is a no-brainer . Do n't even think about using pantyhose and a coathanger ! It makes my amatuer vocal performance go down flawless -LRB- well , the sibilance is gone , it just needs a little Auto-tune -RRB- . I 'm so glad I bought this silly little thing , 'cause it made a big difference .
 A bit worried at first because of the low price point . However , was pleasantly surprized when the package arrived . This is a great investment to keep mouth moisture off of the mic and also prevent `` p '' pops . At $ 18 , you ca n't go wrong with this purchase .
 Was looking for a good pop filter that did not break my pocket . Yes im cheap , but with this economy I watch what I buy . The pop filter does its main job , to keep unwanted pops from being heard . Do not place in .5 inches away from the mic and expect no pop sound , make sure to use it correctly . I rate it a 4 because it does its job and its a basic pop filter . If you 're goal is to buy looks , then music ai n't your thing .
 Does the job . Needed it for Voiceover work.I burned the mesh really easily with a cigarette ... Careful!Would buy it again.Hope this helps : D
 It works like any other pop filter . It got my sound quality up and i am happy with it . But the handle is heavy so if you have like a mini mic stand like me -LRB- only like a foot tall -RRB- it sometimes wants to tip it over . It still works but if you have a really light mic , have a heavy enough mic stand.Oh and the bendy arm is good , but if you flex it a ton , it flexes back a little , but its really not that big of deal .
 This works great with the `` CAD U37 USB Studio Condenser Recording Microphone '' for an in home recording studio.I sing and rap and my boyfriend is a rapper as well . We both love this combined with the mic and do n't have any problems with our p 's or anything . This is highly recommended when working on a budget .
 The pop filter works fairly well for its intended purpose , provides plenty of flexibility and holds its position once set . I like that there are several elements of adjustment , and that the neck holding the screen is pretty well set . The only real drawback here is the clamp . This screen should ONLY be used if you have a narrow rounded or diamond pattern microphone stand or mounting surface . If you have a flat mounting surface , or something like a desktop tripod which this product appears to be marketed as an accessory for on Amazon , you may want to consider other choices .
 I 've got two of these now . I 've used all sorts of pop filters over the years , and this one is great . No way would I ever buy a more expensive version of this tool .
 You really cant go wrong with a pop filter . It wasnt broken or torn . Perfect , im very satisfied with this product .
 I have been using this pop filter for about a month now , and the build quality and performance is great . The joints on the arm are strong , and hold the filter up during the entire recording session -LRB- this is a problem with other filters I have had -RRB- . This product is highly recommended .
 I bought this with self adhereing pads and cork , and I really have n't used it , but it made a nice fix on some loose pads .
 This is the first time I did n't `` COOK '' but using this kind of Pad CEMENT and it works great and dried fast . I think from now on I 'll use this .
 these sticks are great . they made a great gift for the holidays and ensure that they do n't slip out of your hand while playing the drums .
 excellently priced very good quality came sooner than i thought it would very pleased and it is always a pleasant experience to shop on amazon
 I had been looking everywhere for bells for our drumming group and these add a lot to the sound . I wear them around my ankle and keep time to the beat . Sound is great , and they give me a little bit of an exotic look . Drumming makes you happy -LRB- in case you have n't tried it -RRB- and the ankle bells add joy . Highly recommend them .
 This picture is misleading . The half red face is only on the newest -LRB- modern -RRB- versions.Some of the older original folk versions of this model exist and have a solid black face and the original steel strings . The original folk autoharps of the early to mid - 20th century , they are more durable and play much better than the current cheaper versions Oscar Schmidt produced after the company was sold .
 These replaced the lost bolts on my premier Olympic bass drum.They 're good and do their job.No hassles with shipping . I live in India .
 I am a kindergarten teacher and wanted an autoharp to sing with my class . I played with this present all day on Christmas ! It is beautiful and easy to learn . Works very well , but I had to learn how to tune it .
 I gave this as a gift to my 11 year old granddaughter . She tells me that she is enjoying it , but has to have her Dad tune it for her pretty often .
 This is my second Marine Band Deluxe so I do like them but they are a little over priced . The Deluxe looks more like a fine harmonica than the original Marine Band . This harmonica plays nice and has some of the features found on custom harmonicas but is a little expensive at almost twice the price of the original Marine Band . Will probably get another one in a third key at some point in time .
 love the sound this thing makes . if you have ears and can appreciate a good sound you will easily be able to notice the huge differance between this harmonica and the cheaper ones you have boughten to learn on .
 This harmonica is really nice . It is worth the money and you will like it .
 This replacement bulb was used to successfully restore an antique horn . As mentioned in description , the thread size was different , but I was able to change the threaded adapters fairly easily and the old horn is back in `` honking '' order .
 Bought this bulb for as a replacement and was worried it would not fit the antique horn but was pleasently surprised , it fit perfectly
 The bulb works great , just as the original.And , we appreciate the good service and accurate representation of the products .
 This Item was what I needed for an old antique trumpet horn . The originalbulb was dry rot . With minor adj. the new one was perfect . THANKS
 Purchased for replacement for my neighbor 's golf card . She '' s in her 90 's and just loves to alert everyone as she drives through the neighborhood !
 The bulb was for the horn on my old model T Ford hot rod , It fit fine and worked well
 Does what I wanted it to do ! I built this into a Harpo Marx style taxi horn , along with a reed and a tube . Where else but Amazon are such obscure items available ?
 Item recieved was just as ordered . Collar was slightly bigger than the reed on my horn , but a little teflon tape made it fit good .
 This is an absolutely excellent harmonica . It has a fantastic tone and good playability . Every harmonica player should have a Marine Band . It 's one of the best !
 I have a couple of CRATE Amp ` sIt works on All of mine!I have a 3 channel GT1200H and a GX60C 2-10 with built in Chorus , the Thrid switch turns off and on my Chorus . Used it on a GX10 also and it worked with it . So buy this one and if you upgrade to a bigger amp , keep the Footswitch to use on that one.So what ever CRATE you have Buy this one and you can Use it on either one.I 'm sory I did n't buy one before now !
 Crate Three Button Metal Crate FootswitchGot a Crate GT65 for the holidays , love it , but it came w/o a foot switch . Ordered the Crate three button switch from Music123 on Jan 3 , received it on Jan 6 . Looks to be in brand new condition including the supplied cables but as others said , not in factory box and no instructions.Plugged it in , looks great , works great , could not be more pleased .
 Solid and professional looking stomp box , much nicer than old style and worth the slight cost increase.Comes with 13 ' double cord -LRB- measured by me , -RRB- should have plenty of reach for most situations.Arrives in plain brown -LRB- not retail -RRB- box , no instructions included , not that one really needs any ... the white collared jack/plug is the primary and the other the secondary , plug in and go , not much else to say.Would I buy again ? yes !
 Comes with just the footswitch along with the cables to connect the footswitch to the amplifier which is a plus . No sign of this package as RECONDITIONED . Although the footswotch has a weird coating than the one on the picture seen above -LRB- has that wet metal texture thing going on -RRB- but that is n't a problem . Probably an updated look for it . I just hope this footswitch will last a good year . I 'll update soon .
 I needed one for an amp I got with no pedal , this was a good deal and showed up fast ... was brand new and worked perfect .
 I purchaced a Crate 120/212 amp , the clean channel was flakey , when switching to the other channels using the switch on the amp , it would not switch back to the clean channel . I purchased this switch , and it fixed the issue , i now use the foot switch instead of the amp switch.It works perfect , A + .
 Nifty little light with many uses . Makes a great gift especially for musicians or avid readers . Has come in very handy at performance sites when lighting has unexpectedly been very poor .
 Great light for jigsaw puzzles , flexible , and bright enough . If you use batteries -LRB- takes 4 AA -RRB- , then the light will fade slightly as the batteries wear down , to be expected .
 I had a blue Mighty Brighty for many years until it broke on me a week ago . But it was the best book light I ever had . It was very bright . The little book light was there for me during the black out of 2003 . A +
 I have used a Mighty Bright light nearly every day for the past 5 years . LEDs do n't give enough light - this does . I can read for hours in bed with my husband asleep and the light does n't bother him , but I have plenty to see by . The clip works on all books and I can easily adjust the light to any angle . My only complaint is that they wear out too fast . After about 18 months , either the plastic hinges break or the electrical wires give out . However , I do n't mind paying ~ $ 10 for a new one , as I 've found them to be indispensable .
 This light , along with the Might Bright Naturalamp Full Spectrum are the best out there . Here is part of the review that I did for that night lamp , which applies to this product , as well : For years , I 've been searching for the perfect night-light . I read a lot -LRB- 2-3 books a week -RRB- , and I do a lot of my reading at night.I 've tried so many book lights . I 've tried LightWedges , which I find bulky and unwieldy . I 've tried LED lights , which I find harsh on the eyes , because they do n't spread a natural light all over the page . I 've spent a lot of money on night-lights because reading at night is so important to me.Well , I 've finally found the perfect book lights . This Mighty Bright Sight Reader , along with the Mighty Bright Naturalight are just terrific . They illuminate the whole page , and not with a harsh intense beam , but with a natural light that simulates daylight reading . Even though they do n't direct an intense beam at the page , the light will stay restricted to your book , and wo n't wake up your sleeping partner.This lamp is bulkier than some of the LED ones , but it 's very lightweight . Everyone will have a different way to use their light , but I end up clipping mine to the blanket near my neck or chest , and aim the glow on the page.Lastly , I strongly recommend that you purchase the AC adapter that goes with the light . Through all my `` investigations '' of various nightlights , I 've learned that batteries wear out way too quickly on all these devises . And it 's not like the light just goes out - it slowly dims , and you do n't even realize you 've been straining with poor illumination . Plus , the adapter will save you a lot of money in the long run , and you do n't even notice it when you 're reading in bed.Again , highly recommended , along with the Mighty Bright Naturalamp Full Spectrum Daylight book light .
 This is probably the closest thing to a real electric guitar for my 8 year old at a much more reasonable price . It comes with an amplifier , extra strings and picks and sounds terrific . It is sturdy and I can tell will last much longer than the cheaper 19.95 toy guitars of which my son has gone through a bout 3 already.Only problem is it does not come with the cord to connect the guitar with the amplifier which you 'll need to buy separately . Not a big deal .
 BARCELONA HAS COME OUT WITH A GREAT NEW LINE OF GUITARS . THIS ONE IS THE SAME QUALITY AS FENDER FOR HALF THE PRICE ! SOUNDS GREAT . GOOD QUALITY . CAME A DAY EARLY . THANK YOU
 Have n't tried this out yet , as it is a Christmas present for our daughter but it looks well made and visually , we are pleased ! We purchased this on Black Friday , 25 November and received it on Wednesday , 30 November ... Add to that that we live in TURKEY !!! AMAZING ! I know our daughter will LOVE this and be SOO EXCITED !!! Thank you !
 My son loves this guitar . I love the price . When we received the item the amp was defective . We contacted the seller by email and received a reply within minutes . They took care of the problem immediately and sent us a knew one . For a beginner this guitar is great . And I love the fact that he can use headphones while practicing and I do n't have to hear him practice when I 'm on the phone or have company etc. .
 My grandson -LRB- 5 yrs . old -RRB- thinks he is a rock star . The little guitar is worth the money . It is a real mini-guitar , with a decent amp . If your are looking for a guitar that will always be 100 % in tune , do n't get this , as it is still a toy . That being said , quality of guitar and amp are good .
 THe guitar is beautiful , nicely built , painted great . The amp is an great accessory and sounds good . It came with extra strings , picks , amp cord , and strap . The travel bag it comes with is garbage , the zipper broke as soon as I tried to zip it up .
 This is a good product for a younger rock star wanta be . Priced reasonably & the size is just right for about age 10 & under .
 I bought these guitars for my 5 and 6 year old . They love them !! The amp works great ! I was surprised it was as loud as it was for its small size . Everything you need to play comes in this kit ! The guitars look great ... . But remember , it is more of a toy than a professional guitar . Great as a starter guitar for little kids who just wan na play .
 We got this for our son for christmas and he still loves bringing it out and `` rocking out '' . The guitar is really good looking and serves as a decoration as well as instrument . We bought a small guitar stand with this kit and it looks great in his room . GREAT PRODUCT .
 The guitar was actually better looking than I thought . Defintely a good buy . . the amp was kind of small . You will need a 9V battery to power the amp . Overall I am very happy with the product .
 Got this for my daughter for Christmas , looked great like the picture . I even played it for a little but to mess around sounds not bad at all for the cash spent . I 'm happy and so 's she .
 My mom got this for my son 's 7th birthday . He loves it and plays almost everyday . Perfect size for him too .
 I got this guitar in black color . It worked out great for my 6 year old . He is crazy about his guitar and plays it all the time.Here are the pro 's : - Right size and weight for a child - Good sound - Includes amp , cord and gig bag - Decent price . I was on a limited budgetThe con 's : - In the beginning it needed frequent tuning - The amp is not very powerfulOverall , I am pretty happy with the purchase . It is a good guitar to test if your child is interested without breaking the bank . If he continues to play for a year , I will upgrade to a better guitar .
 Long story short , I bought this guitar for my 2 year old , who was excited when it arrived . Unfortunately the amp did n't arrive with it . I did n't want to return the guitar , because my son would have been seriously PO'ed . So I contacted the seller -LRB- Austin Bazaar -RRB- directly and they sent me an amp ASAP . Great service . The guitar is great for this age level and I 'm impressed with the quality . Great package for the price . The colored finish is pretty sweet too .
 I bought this for my 8 year old son . It is actually quite a bit nicer than I expected for the price . It comes with everything you need for a kid to get started right away . The amp is battery powered with a 9 volt or you can purchase a DC adaptor to plug it in . The amp is not top quality , but for a beginner , it is just fine . My son LOVES this guitar and is excited to begin some lessons ! I would recommend it as a first guitar for it 's quality and price .
 I have a son who will be turning 6 years old end of this month . So we got it for an early birthday present . His first guitar broke on accident a week before . We had him choose what he liked and ordered it . He 's really into it , and the amp looks small , but does it 's work . My son loves it , and I have no regrets .
 Bought this as Christmas gift for my guitar-obsessed son . When it arrived , there was a small chip taken out of the black paint on one side . Rather than go through the hassle of returning it , I bought a $ 2 bottle of black finger nail polish , dabbed some on ... problem solved . The mar is all but invisible now.Gave the guitar to my son on Christmas day . It is now just over 2 months later . The amplifier has stopped working . It was never abused , to the absolute best knowledge of my wife and I ; it just got bumped around on his hips as he played , as it was supposedly designed to be -- it comes with a strap and strap attachments specifically to put it over your shoulder while being played . I contacted the seller for warranty service . Warranty service is unavailable because they do n't have any in stock , and do n't know when or if they will get more . OK ... not especially happy about that . From my point of view , there is an obligation there to meet your warranty demands , regardless . It kind of adds insult to injury that they also offered to sell me a $ 60 amplifier to replace it in the email saying I was SOL.But , that said , the guitar itself is quite decent for what it is . It seems solid , takes and actually holds a tuning pretty well , and sounds quite good ... when the amplifier works . The set came with everything needed to get started except a guitar stand . It 's actually a pretty nice guitar set for a young person . Just beware , there are damage issues and you ca n't get warranty service when needed .
 I bought several of these for a project my daughter was doing on Flamenco dancing , so her fellow students could try them out and keep beat with the music -LRB- this was an elementary school project -RRB- . The children were delighted and so was the teacher !!
 I wanted to create a very versatile gigging guitar . I hated carrying an acoustic to shows for just a song or two and if I wanted to `` take the solo '' in a song I could n't because I was strapped into the acoustic . Using an acoustic stand was just compounding the extra hassle . But some songs really NEEDED that acoustic strum.My solution was to install the LR Baggs piezo whammy bridge . I was not disappointed , and neither was the band when I revealed the cool acoustic tone I got that blended in beautifully.It is not a replacement for an acoustic , but for live applications is the next best thing ! AND it still sounds better than any `` simulator '' pedal on the market . I tried them all.I bought the 2 pivot American std replacement and installed it in place of my MIM vintage 6 screw style bridge . It takes more time and a little know how , but it 's not rocket science and the bridge and guitar survived just fine!I wired it into the output jack of my strat and used a mini-switch to toggle between electric and acoustic going to the same amp . Smokin ' ! I can actually switch in the middle of a song to hit the solo and switch back to the acoustic for the finish.As for the mechanics of the bridge , I am thoroughly impressed with the quality of the parts and the machining . It has a very smooth motion and is an upgrade from my previous bridge over all.LR Baggs X-Bridge for Fender American Standard Strat
 Digital recordings are only as good as the quality of the end product . The use of this mic eliminated noise from handling the recorder or using the buttons . The only weakness is in how easy it to lose the tie clip and how hard it is to find a replacement . But I would not be without this mic ever again . I have purchased several now for my associates.Bill Word , CEOTri-Cord Group , LLC
 I use this mic with a wireless system and it has very good clarity and is very hot , it will pick up loud noises from a distance of about 40 ft. , so I turn down my mic recording level to eliminate that problem . My only complaint is the mic clip that came with the unit will not hold the mic , it pops out of the clip without fail . I would think Sony would send a mic clip with the product that is engineered to work with the product it is packaged with . That is the reason for a four star rating . As far as quality goes it is a five star product . I use a wire adjustable clip and it works just fine .
 The mic performs well in a meeting/classroom environment . No problems . Amazon shipped very quickly and had the best price I could find .
 My dad played the harmonica very well and I purchased a couple of these little ones in his memory to give to his great granddaughter . What a unique idea . At his funeral service , I had some of his `` recorded music '' playing in the background and right before the final words , I asked my little granddaughter to play the little Hohner Mini - which she did -- and what a memory .
 I love my mini harmonica necklace . It comes with a song you can learn to play on the necklace ! There are reviews claiming to BEWARE OF PINK BEADS ! before you freak out over the color of the beads on the necklace there is one easy thing to make sure you get the color you want . When you receive the necklace untie the back and put whatever color beads your little heart desires on !!! I get many compliments on my necklace and it is a lot of fun . I am a lifeguard and one day I forgot my whistle so I used my necklace . I got a laugh every time I blew it . This toy is fun and cute !
 Love this little thing . While you wont be composing Bach on this , the harmonica is fun and works . Also very attractively made and sturdy , well worth the price .
 It is everything it says it is , even comes with instructions to learn a song . Giving it as a gift , will update if it does n't work .
 Pretty damn powerful when warmed up . Pretty tone . Hohner gets it right , every time - pink beaded necklace , but it was adorable . She loves it : -RRB-
 I love this necklace . I get plenty of compliments on it . And , best of all , it inspires me to practice !
 This harmonica was bought for a 4 year old who likes music very much . He has been through several plastic kazoos and harmonicas . Finally decided he was old enough for a metal one , but still too young to take care of a full size more expensive model . Item was smaller that it looked online . But he loves it ! It is so handy wearing it around his neck , does n't have to remember where he put it down or worry about it falling out of a pocket while jumping and running around . Great present !
 This necklace looks really cool and simple , the mini harmonica is n't that playable though , holes 2 and 3 on mine are too stiff for any practical song playing , And the tuning is a little bit off , however you do have a full scale of notes -LRB- C ~ C -RRB- ! which can be a handy little reference if you 're starting to play any musical instruments .
 Twelve years of going to bars and concerts , and almost every time i wore this , a girl or two would use it as an opening to say hi . `` What 's that ? '' or `` Is that a harmonica ? '' and all you have to do is smile , lift it to your mouth , and go `` Tweet ! '' and they laugh and voila , ice broken.I recently lost the one i bought on a NYC streetcorner in the mid-90s , while installing an uncooperative baby car seat in a rental car . Had to replace it , because now I use it on my kids -- they LIGHT UP when they hear it!Seriously , this harmonica is one of the best things i have ever purchased . Ever . -LRB- Redonkulous but true . -RRB- EDIT - The rope broke June 2011 , so it didnt last nearly as long as I 'd hoped . Lost the harmonica : -LRB-
 I purchased one of these Harmonica 's for my 3 y.o. daughter at a local fair . It was the first thing that I bought when we got there and my daughter played it the entire time . I was very happy that the sound that comes out is pleasant . When we left 5 hours later , she was still playing it . She likes to wear it around her neck to this day .
 I bought one of these guitars a few days ago , and man can it shred . It works great with line six and boss stuff , but I will probably drop some dimebucker or EMG pickups in it to get better pinch harmonics . Although it dos n't have any inlay , it dos n't affect your playing -LRB- exelent playabillity -RRB- . If you want a good deal , and you want that dean style , I suggest a closer look at this one . -LRB- you might want a hard case if you intend to travel -RRB- WELL WORTH THE MONEY ! -LRB- Also it is n't the phantom , it 's realy the noir XT -RRB-
 It sounds really good for its price . You wo n't regret buying this as your first guitar . But you wo n't really appreciate its sounds for the price , unless you 've had several guitars before . Do n't fall in love with the purple in the picture , though . I did and I was disappointed . But if you want an affordable , great sounding , purplish guitar , this is a definite buy .
 Recommended for those who have better things to spend their money on than a professional reed carrying case - this product is completely functional
 The Nady SSM-3 Shock Mount did what it should do . I have a off brand Mic and the mount holds my mic as if it was designed for it . The shock technology prevents the extra noise that I normally experience during recording if the mic enconter movement .
 This is a good mount for the price and for home . It 's smaller than I expected -LRB- which is okay -RRB- but because of that getting the mic in and out can be , if not difficult , not super easy . After awhile the felt on the inside is starting to come away so now I just leave the mic in . Still , you can pay a whole lot more for a shock mount so if you 're on a budget , this one will work just fine .
 I purchased this shockmount for my AT2020 condenser mic . The item arrived quicker than expected and double packaged . First glance at the item gave me doubts as to how it might fit my microphone , but I thought about previous reviews here and figured there must be some way to make this work . There certainly is . All you have to do is pinch the adjustment clips and slide the AT2020 right into the cushioned base . Yes , it can be a tight fit but not to the point where it will damage the interior or exterior parts of the mic . Remember , the AT2020 is a durable microphone . The shockmount matches the color of the mic and looks very professional , and it 's MUCH more affordable than the Audio Technica shockmount . In fact , it 's the most affordable shockmount on Amazon . It 's made of durable material and looks like it can last for years . That is , as long as you take care of it.Once you attach the shockmount to the microphone , you can screw the microphone back into the tripod stand and prepare to record . The additional weight holds up just fine on a flat surface , and does not cause tipping . The mount does n't add much additional weight at all . It looks great and the price is unbeatable . Many customers have recommended the SP01 shockmount for the AT2020 , and the only reason I did n't choose that one is because it did n't match the microphone color . Who wants a mismatch setup ? At least from a professional standpoint , I can say that I would prefer my accessories to match . The SP01 shockmount may be a better fit , but it also looks larger , and none of the `` reviews '' that I 've read about it has mentioned if it works with the tripod stand that comes with the AT2020 . The photos only show the AT2020 with the SP01 attached to a separate -LRB- not included -RRB- mic stand . So , this makes me think that the AT2020 with the SP01 attached will not work with the included tripod stand , possibly due to the large size of the SP01 shockmount . This is a question because the SP01 appears to be a rather large shockmount . It has a silver/metallic appearance and it would look better for silvery/gray or metallic looking mics.I have not test recorded with this mount attached yet , but I will in the near future and I will update this review .
 This thing works great , does its job , fits well . My Fiance uses it with a USB Shure Mic . Good product .
 I love the shockmount . It 's a little tight for my mic , but it does the job . I would recommend this product to anyone who has a condenser mic .
 I 'm currently using this mount with an `` Audio Technica AT2020 Side Address Cardiod Condensor Studio Mic '' and i must say it fits snug , and does actually prevent sound from movement . It 's very easy to install simply screw it on the mic stand , and pull the two clips back while sliding the mic into position . This shock mount is also very well built compared to others in it 's price range , as well as having a nice feel , and look to it . It 's all black , and metal except for the nylon bands . I 'd give this product a 5 out of 5 for its over all convenience .
 Not only does this shock mount prevent ambient bumps and whatnot from getting to your microphone , it looks cool too . I 'm using this with my AudioTechnica AT2020 USB Condenser Microphone , and this shock mount does the job . I literally have to either beat the stand the mic is attached to in order to get any sound to pick up in the AT2020.A great shock mount , and a great price . Its all black , and it has a nice `` spider-like '' style to the way the elastic is strung , so it looks really nice with my black AT2020 . Definitely a cool mount .
 Huge boost for my fat cardioid microphone . Very happy with it.The hinge is strong enough for my heavy mic and works great with my stand .
 I 'm using this on my AT2020 mic . It 's a really tight squeeze to get it in , but it works . Because of how tight it was the felt padding started to let go , but I ran some tape around it and it works good now.It does exactly what a shock mount is supposed to do , so in that way it 's as good as it will get.It feels like it has really cheap construction , but a shock mount is n't designed to be thrown around or dropped and even if you did I think it would still hold up , it just feels kind of cheap.It works for me , and yes , it works with the AT2020 .
 I hesitated a bit before ordering this shock mount , thinking that the cheap price would mean a flimsy or poorly fitting device . But I 'm pleased to say that the construction is quite solid , and the fit , while tight , is very strong and in no way damages the microphone -LRB- an Audio Technica AT2020 USB -RRB- . Altogether I 'm happy with this shock mount , and I would recommend it to any other AT2020 owners .
 Flawless . Does exactly what it is supposed too . I saved so much money on the Nady condenser mic that I didnt mind spending 15 dollars more for this pro mount . I think the mic and the mount came to 80 dollars with shipping . What a deal for a great mic and mount .
 The Nady SSM-3 shock mount fits my Octavia MK-319 like a glove . Thanks to other owners of the MK-319 mic for recommending this particular shock mount .
 Item provides many hours of juice at the correct voltage without over heating . Eat your heart out Yamaha . Someone else is filling the replacement void you wo n't .
 When playing jobs became harder to find and many of the bigger rooms stopped having as much entertainment , my partner and I found it necessary to downsize our PA system so we could play in smaller clubs and restaurants . For about 10 years we were using a large rolling rack case that housed a Mackie 12 channel board , a half dozen rack effects and a -LRB- very heavy -RRB- QSC amplifier . While this system was great , it was too large to use in smaller rooms . I got the Soundcraft Gigrac . We have been using it for about 4 years now . It is fairly light and has most of the bells and whistles you need to get a solo/duo/four piece band rockin ' . There is pleny of power and there is a switch to route either the mains or the monitors to the internal power amp . This gives you a nice flexability . For really small rooms I can run a small pair of passive speakers as mains using the internal amp . When the room size is larger , I run a pair of active Mackie speakers with the main mixer output and run a pair of 10 '' monitors with the Gigrac power amp.Since I got the Gigrac my older rack -LRB- mentioned above -RRB- only gets used a few times a year in big rooms . The reverb in the Gigrac is very nice and there are separate volumes to add the reverb signal to both the mains and the monitors separately.I only have three complaints . The main output is high impedance only and there is only one -LRB- I would really like a low impedance output and more than one -RRB- . The EQ is only two band on each channel in some cases it needs a bit of control on the mids , however there is a master EQ that helps quite a bit -RRB- . Lastly , there are no mic/gain pads on the mic channels . For many years I have used Shure SM 58 mics on vocals exclusively and these work great with no problem on the Gigrac . I have recently been using a pair of Shure Beta 87A condensers and occasionally the high output of the Beta 87A can overdrive the preamp input that is fixed . I have compensated a little by running the master volume hotter and lowering the channel volumes on channels using the Beta 87 mics.The plus features -LRB- and there are many -RRB- are the very nice internal effects , the very solid case and shoulder strap , the ability to use the power amp for mains or monitors , the low noise mixer and amp combination , separate effects returns to the mains and monitors so you can adjust the amount of effects going to the monitors separately , and overall weight and size of the unit .
 This pouch fits perfectly for my Hering Velvet Voice 48 -LRB- 12 Hole Chromatic Harmonica -RRB- . It 's a well made product , but it 's too big for diatonics and it 's too small for chromatics bigger than 12 holes .
 I bought this case because I wanted to be able to put the harmonica in my pocket and not have it get banged up on my car keys or cell phone . The standard plastic cases that come with harmonicas are too fat and hard to be comfortable in a pocket.This is a well made case with a good zipper and padding , but it is about 50 % too long for a Horner Special 20 or similar 10 hole diatonic harmonica . It is obviously made with `` one size fits all '' in mind . As such , it is bulkier than I wanted , but still usable .
 I have three of these things and they work well and they are super cheap . They keep dust and dirt from my instruments which usually ride in my pack , car or bike pack . Be sure you know the size of the harmonica you are ordering for as that does make a difference . These little pouches have saved my harmonicas much wear and tear and helped keep them clean . The strap is nice , but in my case not really necessary as I would never run around with one hanging on my belt , even if I wore one . This is a good buy .
 Keeps the harmonica safe ! Only suggestion I could the mfg is that they should have put a belt clip on it
 I bought this for my Suzuki SCX-48 Chromatic Harmonica -LRB- 12 hole -RRB- . And it is perfectly fit . Just as the description says , it is designed for harmonica equal to or smaller than Hohner 270 . I suggest this if you are considering this for SCX-48 and it is definitely not for a 10 hole harmonica .
 It holds the harmonica well . Nice and padded so no scratches come to my little harmonica buddy .
 I just wish it came in something besides black . The soft case is nice to protect the higher end harmonicas . It would be easier to find in my kayak gear if it were not black .
 This is a great product . I have just begun to use it and feel satisfied.I purchased it to carry my Hohner Harmonica , although it came with a hard case .
 A nice case . I would recommend this case . Only four stars due it bieng too big for my Specila Twenty .
 I loved this case . It is much nicer than the old plastic case that comes with a great harmonica . This one is easy to open .
 I like this type of case as it allows me to put the harp in something that is protective yet can allow the harp to dry out properly .
 I know this is only a small complaint , but when I walk down the street I do n't really like thinks banging around in my pocket , and though the case my harmonica came in securely held my harmonica you could hear it every time my left leg moved , and it just kind of got irritating . This eliminated the problem and kept my harmonica safe , I thought about just carrying the harmonica around in my pocket but i would rather not with my nicer harmonicas . I recommend it !
 I gave this item to my husband for Christmas , along with a harmonica . He is very pleased with both of them . The pouch is well made , and does the job of keeping the harmonica very handy and protected .
 great service and amazing case . I am really happy with it and my Hohner Harmonica
 This pouch is perfect for a small 12 hole chromatic such as a Hohner 270 . I use if for a Seydel Deluxe Chromatic and find it to be a perfect fit . It is too small for my Hohner CX12 -LRB- also a 12 hole chromatic , but much larger than average -RRB- . It is too small for my Suzuki SCX56 -LRB- a 14 hole chromatic -RRB- . It is on the large size for a 10 hole diatonic harmonica . You can use it , but it 's not ideal.But let me say again , it really is perfect for a standard 12 hole chromatic . It lets me carry my Seydel Deluxe in my pocket wherever I go . It offers a bit of protection for the harmonica without adding much bulk . I use this pouch every day for that purpose.If you are looking for a case for a 10 hole diatonic -LRB- Special 20 , Marine Band , etc. -RRB- , I recommend this instead : Hohner HPN5 Harmonica Pouch 5-Pack
 This was a gift and there are no complaints - he was very happy and is enjoying the instrument .
 Case starts out being tight and difficult but after a few days use it stretches and becomes quite usable . My remedy was just to place the harmonica -LRB- also a Special 20 -RRB- in the case with the last 1/4 '' or so not stuffed all the way in . If you 're expecting this to be like a gun holster for quick draws , you will be disappointed . If you want a simple piece of protection for the instrument that can be tossed in your pocket or a backpack without consuming the space of the larger plastic case - then this will do nicely . I carry it with me essentially everywhere . It keeps the harp clean and secure .
 I 've recently acquired this leather holster , and here 's the deal on the ease of removing your harmonica.If you 're packing a harmonica in the shape of a Hohner Golden Melody , a Suzuki Promaster or Bluesmaster , the holster works perfectly well right away . Just unsnap the holster and gently squeeze it from the bottom like a tube of toothpaste , and your harmonica will come right out . No problem . However , with a harmonica shaped like a Hohner Special 20 or a Blues Harp , the fit 's a little tighter -- at first . But -LRB- as one reviewer noted -RRB- the leather stretches quite easily.I originally ordered this thing on a lark , but I 've got to say , I 've found it 's really a handy way to tote around your instrument . Much more convenient than those little plastic boxes your harmonicas rattle around in and which always feel kind of awkward in my pocket . And keeping your harmonica in a hip holster IS sort of like wearing a cowboy pistol . And there 's something even pleasurable about that -LRB- in a juvenile way , admittedly , but so what ? -RRB- .
 Like others , I rapidly tired of cheap plastic cases that offered few real advantages for toting about my 10-holers . I use a Lee Oskar zippered case to lug seven at a time . I got this holster just to have a single harp ready at all times.The case leather is relatively thick and of apparently hIgh quality . The fold-over flap snaps down to keep the harp safe , although the case is snug enough that a harp is unlikely to fall out even if you 're bungee jumping . The belt loop is sturdy enough to be pretty secure -- I 've tested this enough to be sure . The belt loop is good for belts as wide as 40 mm.If I have the holster on my belt , it is easy to put in and take out Lee Oskars , Suzuki Promasters and Manjis , and similar harps . It is not easy to do the same with the Hohner Golden Melody , which has a somewhat wider form factor . By this , I mean that getting the Golden Melody out of the case pretty much requires taking the holster off my belt and prying the harp out of the case.For many diatonics , this is an excellent value . For the Golden Melody , think twice.UPDATE
 The case is very nice I didnt have alot of problems with anything fitting It is a HARMONICA case after all , it was not made for gunfights in the street . The only thing that worries me is the strap that attaches it to your belt it seems thin . It will serve it 's needs .
 I did n't know what to expect when I ordered this case . The pictures were n't too helpful and the description simple so I was a little worried . Though I 'm glad to tell you that I was pleasantly suprised when I got this thing in front of me.It 's a fairly hard leather case , looks and feels sturdy . The snap seems like it will last awhile as well . As for the belt loop I really ca n't say at the moment , but I 'm sure it will last for awhile . The Hohner logo is a nice touch as well.The case is really tight at first so it 's not a bad idea to leave a little bit of your harmonica out so you can pull it out easier . Though at first I would keep a harmonica stuffed all the way inside anytime I was n't planning to use it . Stretches the leather out faster that way .
 One top characteristic of the Harmonica is its portability and small size for a musical instrument . This case is well made and when I received it , I saddle soaped it very well then let it dry some and then treated it with Mink Oil . It makes the case supple and conforms to your personal Harmonica . This allows you to take the harp with you and you can practice or play whenever you want too , a very good item for someone who likes to practice and play the Harmonica -LRB- AKA , Mississippi Saxophone -RRB- .
 I use Hohner Special 20s -LRB- mostly -RRB- . Got two of these because the clunky plastic cases they come with are fine for a shelf , not so fine for your pocket . Yeah , they start out tight , but as others wrote , they stretch out after a bit of use and work very well . Much better than putting an unprotected harp in your pocket to pick up lint that jams the reeds . It was a good investment . I do n't wear the thing on my belt but it seems like it 's sturdy enough to do that with no problem . The only downside might be that it 's leather , so your harp is going to smell like leather when you take it out . That 's not a problem for me.Update
 It looks cute as is , and if I gave it away as a keychain I would probably replace the big loop with a stronger keyring.However , I bought it to make a harmonica necklace for a friend . Remove the loops with pliers , and attach a long brass chain.It looks exactly like a Harmonica in miniature , and it plays very well . This is adorable and a fun gift for a music lover .
 Its a true mini harp and it even sounds . They could have made it a little bigger , but it is lovely anyway .
 I already owned on I bought at a state fair , and I wear it on a chain as a necklace . I bought 4 of these keychains because they were a good price . My nieces and nephews love playing with mine so I decided to get them their own ! Great to get kids interested in music !
 I got this as a gift for my musically inclined cousin in his late 30s . Althought I think it is difficult to play because it is so tiny , he did n't find it that challenging . He thought it was a great idea to put on his keychain to make music and to `` soundtrack '' events . For example , you can play a little diddy when anyone says something funny , or other silly things like that . It was a neat and unusual gift .
 If this axe is good enough for Trent Rezner it is good enough for me . I plan on purchasing this one in early June and will be adding it to my collection of Guitars . The reason I have only given this Guitar 4 stars is becouse it is not truely an artist series guitar . i wish this axe had some sort of NIN marking on it somewhere , possibly inlaid on the 13th fret , but anything would do , even if it cost a bit more i wouldnt mind paying
 The Halion Player is a must have for beginners it has some great sounds if you are just getting started or have been recording for a long time , and will not break your wallet . I highly recommend it . Get started on making some music right now .
 This stand is just as described . I like how you push the stand into the base and turn and it is locked and stays locked , no movement . The triangle base is quite a bit smaller than my tripod base and heavy -LRB- cast iron I think -RRB- , so I know the stand wont tip over . I attached anOn Stage MSA9505 Posi-Lok Telescoping Mini-Boomto it and aBlue Microphones Yeti USB Microphone - Silver Editionon that and it is solid and uses minimal space which I needed , no room for the boom out the back and can extend it out in order to keep the stand far enough back to not block the keyboard and know with the heavy base it will not tip over . Very pleased with this setup .
 I have been a touring drummer for most of my life . . it makes sense to buy a good product for a great price ... if you play out a lot and have to replace stuff ... other cymbals can cost 100 's of dollars more and cymbals as we know do n't last forever so replace them with something that does not break the bank and sounds just as good and looks great . . they take a beating !!
 These cymbals rival any other cymbals out there . They sound so pure , & so responsive with great decay & tone . You want a kick ass cymbal you can pound on , that can cut through loud rock of any kind this is it . You ca n't beat the price either . The brilliant finish will also add to the way your kit looks . 5 stars from me . I 've been playing drums since 1965 so i know what i 'm talking about . You ca n't go wrong if you buy one or more of these cymbals . Get them now while there still cheap because the word is out .
 Read the review and decided to try this one out . I 'm a seasoned drummer and can tell crap from non crap and this cymbal delivers . As long as the prices stay down I will never buy another Zildjian or Sabian or ... for this cymbal is right up there with them . Had trouble with shipping for well ... they lost the first one sent . But I called Amazon and they sent me another OverNight ! Amazon is the best . She check into it , called my back and the very next day it was in my hands . Buy this cymbal , you will not regret it !
 First of all , I do n't like the way companies label their cymbals . After 47 years of playing and a bachelor 's from Berklee I realize any cymbal , even a Hi Hat or a flat ride can be anything you want it to be . Anyway , this is a great cymbal ! Not just for the price , Wuhan just makes great cymbals . The only Chinas I have are Wuhan . This crash/ride is bright and shimmery . For me , it leans more towards a crash than a ride.But the crash/rides every company makes lean one way or the other . Anyway I recommend all the Wuhans.The crash is powerful with great decay . As a ride , there 's a little too much build up for me . I play it towards the bell and I get the stick definition I want . The bell sound is incredible . Crisp , cutting bell with immediate decay . Why pay $ 300 - $ 400 on a Paiste or any Turkish cymbal when you can have it at this price ?
 first of all i need buy something with a low price and great quality this cymbal is that low price and great quality & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ;
 I own this Guitar with the pearl blue finish and it has been a great guitar . I 've had it for about a year now and it has a great sound for being a slim body and for its price . Its also exellent because i also use it with distortion and other effects occasionally and it still produces a great sound electronicly . I highly recommend it .
 Recently , our church moved in to a new building and we needed a set of speakers that was both powerful enough for an overflow room , and that had a full range of sound for our worship . I reluctantly decided -LRB- due to our limited budget -RRB- to go with this set of speakers . I honestly have to say that I am extremely impressed with them , they have been tested to their max and they sound great ! Nice full range , even the lower end on these speakers -LRB- the frequency range on the description is accurate -RRB- is impressive . I 'm running these with a 1200 watt amp and about 60 ft. of cable to each -LRB- not piggy backed . -RRB- The only reason I gave a four on the ease of use is because the mounting hardware is kind of cheap . You have to mount them vertically because the mounts they provide will not hold them tight enough to hold them up horizontally . Also , there are plastic wing nuts molded around the bolts that tighten the speakers into the brackets , one actually snapped away from the bolt . So the hardware is cheap ! But they certainly made up for it with the response range and cabinet of these speakers . Worth the money , and I am actually going to buy another set to run to an outside area that we have for a fellowship area . Hope this helps . We had these speakers next day aired due to the amount of people we had coming and they were delivered as stated . New in box . They actually look nice .
 I had a Pyle Pro PHMP 1290 pair of speakers w / 12 '' woofer and titanium tweeter running w / Pyle Pro P2001AT amplifier , but I 'm moving out of the country and it 's expensive ship 32lbs stuff , I did my homework to find under 20 lbs a pair w / RMS superior to 240W . And believe me at 16lbs I foung a treasure . Distorting free highs ans deep bass in a small package . 300W RMs
 Length :
 Recommended by my son 's drum teacher . She was right ! With a Vic Firth headset , he 's able to actually hear the metronome at the same time as he plays the noisy drums . Metronome is easy to use , nice lights , easy to follow .
 I had to buy two of these because the first one blew out when I tried to use an adapter that I thought was a perfect fit for it . It 's still a great tool so I 'll only take away one star for no power adapter.Some other notes : + You can plug in a foot pedal to switch saved tempo tracks + Tap tempo + Save different tempos & time signatures for a setlist . - You ca n't save different beat patters -LRB- having 8th notes and 16th notes on one song and only 8th notes another -RRB- You can only save time signature and tempo . If you play with 8th notes for one song , your pretty much stuck with it the whole set . - You need a headphone to quarter inch adapter if you want to plug into a system . No quarter inch out , only headphones .
 It works great go buy it , it works great my drumline I work for used on and it kept us super on tempo all year it is great .
 Tama 's RhythmWatch is an awesome machine . I 've had mine for a few years now and Ive never needed anything more . Ive been drumming for 12 years and using a metronome is an absolute must . Whats great about this one is the ability to dial in different notes , eighth notes , quarter , half , full measure , triplets . You see the dials on the machine . Each specific dial adjusts the volume for every one you feel like turning on . You can adjust the sounds a couple different ways and it goes all the way to 9/4 count . Well worth the 100 bucks .
 The key feature in this metronome is the tap feature . If you are playing a cover tune , just put it on and tap along with the song . The Rhythm Watch will show you the BPM of the song . Check your own time
 I am a drummer/percussionist of 20 years running now . And , the one thing I 've noticed is that there are many non-percussion musicians that have bad meter . I 'm not saying mine is perfect , but I do notice it when another musician is out of time . The Rhythm watch was designed for drummers/percussionists . And , it works great for that application . There are difference choices for the sound of the click , the BPM dial is very handy , and every time signature is available at a quick turn of a dial . I would also reccomend this metronome for non-percussion musicians , because it is a great way to practice your music and improve your meter at the same time .
 I have always wondered why nobody produces a metronome that can stand up to the rigors of marching band or drum corps , but until they do I would much rather spend less money on something that will inevitably get destroyed . This met performs as well as Dr. Beat for a lot less money .
 this is the superior metronome . beats out dr beat db 90 by a long shot . i bought the dr beat -LRB- the huge one -RRB- for way more money than this , and the triplet key stuck and the dr beat people told me that it would cost more to repair it than for me to buy a new one.rhythm watch is way more heavy duty . does what you need -LRB- i never found a need for those db 90 programmed drum beats -RRB- , and is LOUDER . just better .
 i replaced the strings right of the bat with earnie ball ` sbut the wieght sound and neck are just amazing ... i 'd been playin guitar for 4 or 5 years when i had an epiphany , iwas only uning the top 4 stringgs anyway , not to mention beinghabitually in drop D , so i needed a bass ... forum after forum , this was the guitar that came up time and time agian , so just buythe damn thing ! you wont regret it ... also ibanez SW35 , great amp for the money ... . lots of features , and very versitile , enjoi !
 Played guitar 40 + . Still own 8 fine instuments , but I wanted to add a bass . Found one of these used , the action was very low , thin neck , no buzzing . Felt very strat-like . Would have paid double this price for a guitar that felt right like this . Even bought the Marshall base amp I used during its audition . Sound is very flexible . The EQ , limiter , and the compressor on the amp just supplement it . I am using this instrument as a baseline for a high end instrument . So far , it is still my only bass . Recommendations for anyone
 -LRB- For all of you who did n't watch SNL in the 70s ... on second thought , `` NEVER MIND ! '' -RRB- I 've had this little gem for about a month and I LOVE it ! I 'll admit I got it used for about $ 100 less than you can typically buy them but it was in wonderful shape.When I was college age I used to play the short-lived Fender Bullet bass . This one is in the same price range but has a lot more versatility mainly due to its 2 sets of pickups . Sometimes on an inexpensive instrument it 's hard to tell the difference in sound between pickups but not on this guy ! It has a full range of sounds -LRB- well , as much as you can get from a bass without stomp boxes . -RRB- In order to maximize its sound potential I also got it a friend
 I have a blue GSR200 of the early variety with three knobs . It is my first bass , and I am very happy with it . The range of bass sounds that can be produced by the two sets of pickups and some knob twiddling is really mind blowing . In my opinion , this is the bass to start with . It sounds marvelous.Regards , proclus -LSB- ... -RSB-
 There are lots of guitars in this inexpensive price-range but not as well made as this . Dean refuses to make crap .
 Well I ordered this baby V and it arrived promptly and with decent packaging . The funny thing is that what arrived was n't a baby V but a baby Z. I tried it out and found that it worked just fine with great tone and the person I was getting it for loves it so I figure it 's win/win . I 'm sure such mixups are n't frequent -LRB- never happened to me before or after -RRB- and their entire product line is pretty good especially with a rockin effects pedal , I plan to get an actual V from them sometime in the future because quality is quality .
 I 've used is it several times now , and it has been working great . At first I was having difficulty getting the audio and video to match up , but after installing the recent upgrade everything seems to be working fine !! The controls are easy to navigate , and easy to use . The software uses sliders to control the quality of the video and audio and shows you the file size as you do it , which is great !! All in all , it 's been a great piece of software .
 I dont know what the other persons review is talking about but i have never had a problem with this software . I have ripped tons of DVDs in my collection to my PSP . There were a few times the audio and video dont quite sync up perfect but most of the time it does . Plus some of the movies i put on my PSP were Godzilla so the audio sync issue is a non-issue . The latest ones i have ripped have worked flawlessly . I love this software . As far as the sound and video quality ... its not quite as good as a UMD movie . but you arent paying for the movie twice either , so cant complain . If you have a large DVD collection and want to rip them to your PSP i highly recommend this product . I love it .
 This works just fine . I 'm not sure what the other reviewers are talking about . But I 've put about 6 movies into an 8gb Memory Stick . I still have room for a few more .
 Christmas gift son never opened the box but I thought it was a great idea
 I 've tried multiple converters -LRB- all free -RRB- and nothing has worked.I bought this since it was cheaper than any other one I 've seen -LRB- ranging from $ 30 - $ 60 American -RRB- . IT WORKS WONDERFULLY ! In less than 3 hours , I 've put three movies -LRB- full length -RRB- on my PSP.It 's so easy . point and click . tell it whether you want a DVD converted , or a movie clip from your computer . tell it you want Basic -LRB- it just copies -RRB- or Advanced -LRB- you have more control -RRB- and then the program does the rest!I use basic and within no time at all I 'm watching Dark Knigt , Prince Caspian , Nightmare Before Christmas and more on my PSP.With the basic copy , Dark Knight -LRB- a 2 1/2 hour movie -RRB- takes up less than a 1G . = OI 'm so glad I bought this !
 I use the 850 in bridge mono mode for my Ampeg 410 . I have played out with it for yrs and it NEVER let me down . I played about 60 shows a yr with it .
 I 've had it powered up for years without a failure . The sound is loud and clear . The input and output connector varieties made it easy to plug in and go . It 's affordable . There are a few features -LRB- eg , high pass filters , output options -RRB- that you 'll set and soon forget with DIP switches on the back panel . Instrumentation is minimal . The fan is quiet , but not inaudible in a quiet room . It 's heavy .
 This review is going to be easy . I 've had this amp for five years . It sounds great . Built like a tank . NEVER had a single problem with it . Very powerful . I 'd buy another without hesitation .
 I would like to know those this QSC RMX850 Power Amplifier Come with 3 amps or just one ... ? in the picture it looks like there is 3 but i want to make sure it is 3 or just 1 can some one please help
 First of all , i must say without a doubt that this item is the fastest shipping item that i have received ever from online buying ! that goes for even just postage within Australia too!on average it would take maybe 7 days to get an item shipped within Australia if your lucky!I live in Australia and it took 9 days to ship from Amazon U.S to come here ! well done Amazon , and Bravo UPS!The item was packed so well , i could n't believe it , 10/10 Amazon!This was my first Amazon purchase , and has been the best online buying experience i have ever had.If your new to online buying , fear not Amazon.com is here to help and also make things stress free with options like - item tracking , so you know where your item is located at all times through the click of a mouse.Everyone likes money right ? well if you want to save some of that hard earned money of yours Australian 's suggest not buying items in stores and cease your eBay buying and get on Amazon.com asap!I purchased a Dean Baby Z electric guitar for a total of $ 139.28 Australian dollars ! including postage !! Guitar was $ 95.10 and Shipping was $ 44.18 This guitar sells for roughly 300-400 Australian dollars in stores.what i wrote right there shows you that Australian music stores are charging way too much for there equipment ! if you have n't already realized they are money hungry crooks , that do n't care about customers but just there money unfortunately.I have played guitar for 10 years on and off , and this guitar i originally purchased as a travel guitar but i can see how its slowly gon na be more , it has so much potential.Guitar came in perfect condition , could n't ask for more.Once tuned to desired tuning , i found that guitar played extremely well the neck of this felt like the new necks of the gibson les pauls but slightly thinner.The guitar was made in china , but was inspected and adjusted in the USA by Dean guitars.top quality instrument and very affordable for those not looking to spend much , but want the best `` bang for their buck '' . All electronics past the test with flying colors , and i particularly love the input jack :D go Dean!This guitar is the most perfect instrument for young and old , especially great for beginners due to price and performance , but do n't get me wrong it 's an awesome guitar for muso 's to practice on whilst on the road.Sounds great to for stock pick ups , was really in pressed.I would n't have a problem playing this beast live either , and wish to do so soon ! might just drop some Seymour 's / emgs or highly likely a Dean Dime Time.This is the first dean i have purchased , but i can say that i am gon na have a lot more dean 's in the near future , because if the quality of this dean is exceptional and it was made in China , just think what the USA made ones would be like ! wow!Comes with a Free guitar lead too ; -RRB- Overall Amazon.com made my first Dean guitar experience a great one , this Dean with a fast neck to shred on just as fast as the postage that Amazon.com supplied it is slowly becoming my favorite guitar.I love this guitar and i play it more than my Fender USA deluxe maple.Get one now . Do it ... . Right NOW ! you will be surprised.guitar craftsmanship 10/10guitar electronics quality 10/10Dean Guitars 10/10postage speed 10/10postage packed and durability 10/10Amazon . com 10/10Get over to Amazon.com , and get your wings with this dean !
 I bought this as a first electric guitar for my twelve year old who is beginning her second year of lessons . The size is perfect for her and she likes the funky styling . I think it has a nice sound and so does her guitar teacher , so this Dean Baby is a winner in my book .
 This guitar suprised me ! It has one of the best bolt on necks I have played . I was going to use this as a travel guitar but it my everyday guitar now , sounds and plays great , more comfortable than a Full size and Bullet proof ! Feels like a Vintage Charvel . I know all the Baby Deans are not like this but from the other review it seems Amazon got a good batch in !
 I 've been drumming for 59 years . These are the finest drumsticks I 've ever used . I wish Silver Fox would make a `` Jazz '' model . Their `` Concert Persimmon '' sticks are also perfection .
 I used them as soon as I got them . Moved around the kit very well . Made for a great sound as well . If you 're a church drummer looking for a stick , I 'd definitely suggest getting these .
 These sticks are awesome . They 're fairly thin , long , and lightweight . Great for speed . They 're also fairly durable . I practice with heavier sticks and perform with these .
 I placed this pickup in the bridge position , along with the reverse wound/reverse polarity SD Antiquity II Surf -LRB- in the middle position -RRB- and a standard `` Surf '' version of the same pickup in the neck position , on a MIM Classic ' 50 's Series Fender Stratocaster . Selecting this pickup alone give a quick bright lead tone without needing to adjust the volume on the guitar . These `` Surf '' pickups used together are a beautiful sounding set
 I 'm a guitarist , not a drummer , and just wanted a drum kit that I could leave in my practice room and bang on every now and then . I bought this kit about 5 years ago and it has gotten more use than I ever imagined . It is the only drum kit we use for our band practice in my music room . Our drummer is thankful he no longer needs to pack up his full kit just for practice . I ca n't really compare the quality of the Pulse Pro drum set to other kits because I 'm not a drummer . However , the hardware is solid and I have had very little problems with it . We have even used the kit out for some paying gigs for the band and it does the job well . For the money , I 'd give it 5 stars because it has been virtually trouble free for 5 + years and has never let us down . To me , it sounds good , but I 'm sure there is a reason why the more expensive kits also cost more . But if you are looking for a solid kit for a new drummer , or you might just want to bang on a kit yourself , I 'd suggest looking at this set because it has proven to be a solid performer in my experience .
 now this drum set is a very good one that 's a fact and i love jamming out on it when ever i can see im a guitar player and i do n't play drums but man when i start playing i do n't wan na stop so in short if you wan na get a cheap drum set worth the money buy this !!
 This piece is made in Germany by Hohner.Model 365/28 -LRB- 14 holes -RRB- is available in C and G.Model 364/24 is with C , D , and G.Both of them -LRB- if in key of G -RRB- have the same tuning -LRB- holes 1 to 10 -RRB- as a 10-hole Marine Band G. 365/28 has 4 extra holes -LRB- 8 notes -RRB- and 364/24 has 2 extra holes -LRB- 4 notes -RRB- at the high end.Do not mistake 364/24 for 364/24-Soloist which is in C only and has different tuning than a regular 10-hole diatonic C.I have just got a 365/28 key of G
 It was a bit expensive for a regular shelf , but with APC your are getting a quality , like it a lot
 I used this shelf to place a tower server in a server cabinet . I did not want to spend $ 350 on a conversion kit from Dell so I bought this instead . Works great for me.On days when I am not playing break-the-wall-with-my-server-cabinet , the server stays put on this shelf , without any screws .
 Correct product , good price . Would have liked a discount on shipping multiple items though .
 This 4-pc kit covers 15U of rack . The pieces are well-machined , fitting snugly against each other , without any sharp edges or obvious flaws.The larger pieces -LRB- 4 and 8U -RRB- `` flap '' a little if you do n't secure all 4 corners . The 1 and 2U pieces work fine with only 2 corners secured.It comes with sufficient mounting hardware , including `` cage nuts '' for square-hole racks . But , swapping out panels for smaller sizes is a hassle when you need to add a machine that does n't take the entire space . If you have square-hole racks , APC 's plastic snap-in 1U panels likeAR8136BLK -RRB- are much easier to work with , or the similarTripp Lite blanking panel kit.These work as intended . Recommended for blanking large sections of round-hole racks .
 These blanking panels are super-strong , beautiful and simple to install . Now that we have them , though , we wound up removing the 8u and 4u panels soon after installing them , so they 're sitting on the shelf awaiting change-out of our tower servers for rack-mount servers .
 For an entry level guitar , this one is much more solid than many other brands -LRB- first act , yamaha , even some fender in my book -RRB- . But , you get what you pay for . This is a Lyon by Washburn guitar , the beginning line of Wasburns , and not even on their website . But , this guitar has decent sound at a decent price . It is also a collectable , signed by Paul stanley of kiss , 7500 made . It is not going to be a great guitar , but it will do for beginners , and can be upgraded in time if wanted . A great collectors item for kiss fans as well . Check it out . Also available in this 2006 autograph line are 3 other guitars , one by the Weezer guitarist , one by the All american rejects guitarist , and one by Fallout boys guitarist . Included in all are 3 picks , a strap , and the authetic autograph proof card , and a poster on the box .
 This plastic mouthpiece was recommended to me since it is supposed to be easier on the mouth than the metal pieces.It really made a great difference.It was n't clear to me , if we get all 3 colors or just one piece.Just fyi , there is one transparent plastic piece in the package ... . which was fine for me .
 I was looking for some new cymbals to add to my drum kit . I did n't want anything to expensive , so I went G.C. and checked out some of the newer `` mid range '' lines of cymbals from the `` Big Three '' cymbal manufacturers but was very disappointed . I 've been a drummer for almost 40 years , and yet none of the `` mid range '' lines sounded or felt like a `` real '' cymbal being hit to me . Also , you had to hit some of these cymbals really really hard to get right amount of sustain out of them . So I went to YouTube to see if anyone had posted demos of the Wuhan products . After watching and listening to both customer feedback and demos of these cymbals , I purchased the Wuhan 18 inch crash , and 2 days later ordered this Wuhan 16 inch Med-Thin . I 'm very happy with these cymbals . Both cymbals responded the way a cymbal should . Nice stick definition and really nice projection , and very responsive to both soft and hard hits . So , if you are looking for a new sound to add to your drum kit , give these cymbals a try !
 I was looking for a thin crash on a budget and I gave this company a try and I couldnt be more happy . . I had reservations at first but when I installed it on my set and used it today I was very surprised . . It hasa great hissing crash that lingers a bit as a much more expensive cymbal would have . This companyputs out a good cymbal and I have a combination of all of the top line names on my set .
 Just what I was looking for and received the rack ears within a couple of days . Great service .
 As of the date of this review -LRB- Dec. 13 , 2006 -RRB- there were only two consumer video editting programs that support the conversion of HDV format video to HD DVD format video , at least the kind you can burn to a dvd-r or dvd + r blank . The two makers are Ulead and Pinnacle . All the other high falutin ' editors , e.g. , Final Cut , Avid Liquid , Avid Express Pro , Premiere Pro 2 , etc. , do n't support this feature . Everyone seems to be riding different trains , it appears . Anyway , since this path now exists in Pinnacle Studio v 10.7 and an HD DVD Authoring pack -LRB- $ 50 -RRB- extra , this is the only reason I purchased this product . I think it works fantastically for the price , and although I have seen a number of bugs pop up -LRB- like rtfx crashing for certain video effects -RRB- , or the inability to burn iso sometimes -LRB- I have to use Nero 7 -RRB- , what do you expect out of Pinnacle ? These guys did not graduate from the top of their engineering class . Given the complexity of software , even Microsoft and Apple 's wunderkinds are also known for a few boners . I 'll give Pinnacle credit for excellent encoding quality , a very easy user interface , and nice finished results . You only have to drop in a dvd-r into your Toshiba HD-A1 to see how fabulous HDV can look , when converted to HD-DVD format . You do n't even need an expensive HD-DVD blank . Thank you Pinnacle for producing software for the masses , right here , right now , so we can all edit and view our HDV tapes . And not spend over $ 1000 for -LRB- other -RRB- bloated editors . You also get an mpeg-4 encoder , for web output . Cheap is good . If you need a green blanket , that too , comes for free . It 's for green screen/video superposition effects -LRB- which I have yet to try -RRB- .
 I have used Pinnacle Studio since version 8.0 . I have upgraded along the way and am very impressed with the latest edition . Studio has improved with each release and I am very pleased with the basic content as well as the available upgrades . The user interface is very intuitive and the sw is very stable.Furthermore , my experience with customer support was fantastic . I moved the software to a dedicated editing work station and needed new keys to unlock effects . I called and spoke to a person within 10 minutes who was knowledgeable and empowered to help me . I strongly believe that this is an excellent product as long as you have a capable computer and a desire to create effective presentations .
 April 5 , 2007 , W. MarasI recently purchased Pinnacle 's `` DVD Maker Plus '' -LRB- about $ 45.00 -RRB- , to convert some old family VHS tapes into DVD format . These tapes were previously converted from old 60 's film to VHS . It came with a Analog to Digital converter device . This USB device allows you to connect your audio Right and Left channels and video using RCA connector , or S-Video inputs . This product worked great for the first project I was working on . I was able to video enhance the old video to better than the original . BUT - Also in the box was a 30 day Free Trial Evaluation of Pinnacle 's `` Studio Plus , version 10.5 -LRB- With all the bells and whistles . -RRB- . A very nice tutorial was included on this disc.My next project was to convert a ten year old family reunion VHS video into DVD . I wanted this to be very special . I used the trial version of Studio 10.5 . This product performed every task I commanded it to do . - I converted and enhanced the VHS video into the program , - I edited the DVD for content . I added family pictures wherever I wanted to . - I added an additional soundtrack -LRB- several -RRB- , added titles and captions , special video effects , and sound effects -LRB- Some from the program , some from my own library . -RRB- I added video Chapters to the project -LRB- Just like any regular DVD -RRB- Once I got the layout the way I wanted it , I burned it to DVD . As with any project `` Save '' - BACK UP YOUR WORK as you proceed.YES , once in a while the program did lock up . I could not tell you if it was because of the program or because I was trying to do something the program could not understand - I never lost my previous work - just reloaded and everything was there . I could not have been happier . I am going to bring tears and smiles to many relatives . I think I will upgrade to the full version - It worked great.I guess I do n't understand why some people gave this program such a poor rating . I 've got a new Dell , maybe that had something to do with it ??? I have a technical background , but I am not a graphic artist , and have never used this type of program before ! Anyone should be able to use this program . I guess you got to be smarter than the software !
 Before purchasing Pinnacle I was using Windows Movie Maker , Which I thought worked well till I used it a bunch , and then realized it was slow and took a long time to edit movies . Pinnacle has way more options for editing , and is very easy to use . I would recomend this to anyone who is still using Windows Movie Maker . Once you use Pinnacle , You will never go back . -- D Byers
 EW does a fantastic job with most all of their products . I use EW for almost all my music in some form or fashion . To answer the previous review , yes there are limitations on range . The idea of EW is to provide authentic and real sounds . All sounds are sampled and not synthesized . If you want to go outside the range an instrument plays this is not the program for you . Maybe you should just stick to the sounds in Xpand . I graduated as a music performance major in viola and so I find it a bit silly to write music for a viola that is outside its range -LRB- below middle C -RRB- and complain that the program does not have the correct range . If your piece is outside what an instrument can perform , EW ca n't help you . Again , EW Symphonic Orchestra is a program that focuses on authentic sounds.As a professional composer/sound designer this is a great product that I would recommend to anyone who can pony up the money .
 I have to admit that I was skeptical at first . However , after the first time Iused it at a performance , that skepticism faded . I use this amp for solo bar andclub gigs . The sound is so crisp and clean that it is almost as if I somehow justincreased the volume on my acoustic guitar.The Mic input is very handy , making this the only piece necessary for a small/mediumgig . As someone who likes to add a bit of reverb to the vocals , the effects libraryis also quite nice.Something else worthy of note ... the fact that this piece can be cocked back to faceupward on an angle makes a world of difference , allowing the sound to travel upwardso that it is not muted by peoples ' feet . By which I mean , it is not alwaysnecessary to elevate the amp to be sure the sound is distributed correctly .
 I read literally hundreds of reviews for all the top acoustic guitar amps
 This is my first acoustic amplifier purchase . After hearing many , I decided on the Hartke because of it 's extraordinary tone and faithful , hi-fidelity reproduction . My playing is modern christian music and music from the baptist hymnal . The acoustic instruments I play through this amplifier are a Taylor dreadnought 714 and a Big Muddy Mandolin . Each is clean , crisp and the amplifier does a fantastic job of reproducing the sound of each .
 I have been looking for an acoustic amp for a long time . This Hartke AC150 is everything I expected . It has two inputs active and passive so I use this to play my acoustic guitars as well as my ukulele 's . Great !
 The crowd goes wild each time one of these virtuosic pitchers are one the mound . Throwing with great speed and precision and giving up no hits to the man on plate . Wellproduced film , highly reccomended .
 I bought one of these because I wanted a low C diatonic harmonica and I was n't ready to spring $ 100 for a Seydel . This thing is lots of fun ! It is , in fact , tuned one octave lower than a normal diatonic harp , as I had hoped when I bought it . So you can just go ahead and play everything you already know , but it comes out an octave lower.With 12 holes , it 's longer than a normal harp -- and fatter , too , probably to provide more room inside the case for the longer reeds to swing . Hard to cup in your hands , like you would a 10-hole . The case feels a bit tinny because there are no braces inside to support it . So , I guess , like , do n't sit on it.This thing has the standard incomplete low register -LRB- missing the F and A notes , but one octave lower -RRB- , two * complete * octaves , plus and four extra notes at the high end . Playing in the `` normal '' register is weird , because the draw notes are lower than the blow notes in the same hole -- it 's like at the high end of a normal harp . And the high B note it to the * right * of the highest C note . So , if you want to play there , practice and get used to it . Or play a regular harp for that range.Like I said , lots of fun . Good for singing , because it plays the same notes that you sing , in the same octave -- not the same notes but an octave higher . But , like , you should alternate singing and playing -- do n't try to sing and play at the same time . But you knew that.I play mostly straight harp -LRB- `` cross harp in the first position '' -RRB- , so I ca n't testify how it works for blues in that very low register . It seems to respond a bit slower than regular harmonicas , so it might not work so well for some of those fast riffs . But I think I may massage the reeds a little -- carefully -- and see what comes of that.That 3 draw is a tough bend , to get the A and Bb notes . It 's like weight training for the lungs . Not necessarily a bad thing . Forces you to work on technique.If you 're looking for a low C diatonic harmonica , there are n't many out there . This one 's a Marine Band , from Hohner . It works fine . All the notes are there . It 's about as in tune as harmonicas get . Good volume . Nice tone . At around $ 50 , it could keep you entertained for quite a while .
 It has a pleasant , low tone C sound which blends well a band , or solo performances . I have many harmonicas , but this is my number 1 , as far as doing a solo gig .
 Last October I purchased this harmonuca in order to reach some heretofore unreachable notes at the lower end . I was very pleased with the instrument to do that ... however , this June I purchased an identical Hohner 364 24 12 hole Marine band harp for my playing partner and was dissappointed that the notes of each instrument at the lower end were not the same and that the newer instrument left chunks of varnish -LRB- paint ? -RRB- in his mouth after playing.Is there any way Hohner can make this right ? I also own 3 Hohner chromatic harmonicas and I would like to continue to brag about Hohner 's dependability and craftsmanship.Please advise , Sincerely , Leon Hakes
 The other reviewers have not reviewed the product but the licensing policies with are similar for most music software manufacturers . East West is not the only company that uses iLoks , Elicencers , or other dongle based protection , so I do n't really see the point in vilifying them for this . But I do agree that if was true that the dongle license was non-transferrable -LRB- at the original price -RRB- that was a bit unreasonable . One reviewer mentions the Silver Edition which is a teaser and only comes with 1-2 DVD 's whereas Gold comes with at least 5 I believe . Regardless , these are VERY high quality products by some of the best producers in the business and now VERY reasonably priced for what you get .
 Unless you 're going to use this in a place where there 's non-trivial risk of it getting knocked over , then this is totally adequate . I put it on top a cabinet next to the piano at home -LRB- Before the kids came , anyway . -RRB- If you 're getting this to use on-stage/in-concert -- or even in practice , where you & bandmates are picking your horns up , putting them back down and groping around a lot for mutes -- then get the 4-legged variety for max stability .
 A simple and compact trumpet stand . What I like about it is that the feet fold up inside of it and then I put it in the bell of my horn and it fits nicely inside of any trumpet case . I always carry my horn in a gig bag and this little stand makes it easy .
 This stand is excellent for the price , very sturdy and compact . Perfect for my needs .
 This is a great bench very strong and rugged . Should be paired with the matching stand . The only complaint that I have is that it is not manufactured in any other finishes . The blond or oak finish does not go with everything .
 Previously I had purchased a Yamaha DGX-630 Keyboard ; this bench was purchased for this keyboard.This item arrived in very secure packaging in great condition . The instructions for assembly were clear and easy to follow ; putting the bench together was easy -- all you do is attach the four legs . Simple ! The result was a sturdy-enough bench that was the right size for a single player , and matched perfectly the color/wood-grain finish of the keyboard . In case you 're wondering , the seat does not open -LRB- for music storage -RRB- , and the height is not adjustable . However , I did not find it necessary to adjust the height , and I feel it will work for most players.Recommended !
 I bought this for my daughter and it is well made and a very sturdy bench . If I had seen the one that had the flip top I might that first . But all i all great purchase ...
 This bench goes perfectly with the Yamaha digital piano . Makes playing much more comfortable .
 This bench is very comfortable -LRB- especially when sitting for hours at the keyboard -RRB- . The only thing I would do differently is to order a bench that has a ` lift-up seat ' to store sheet music . -LRB- But that 's my fault for not reading the description more carefully -RRB- . I would certainly order this product again -LRB- but with the ` lift-up seat ' -RRB- . Thanks , MarkPS
 I found this Yamaha bench to be sturdy , comfortable and attractive . I had none of the quality control issues that previous reviewers mentioned , so hopefully , the manufacturer has squared those issues away . The bench is a light-to-medium oak color , with just a hint of red in the tone . It matches the oak trim in my house very nicely . The top is a heather pattern , not solid color as it appears in the product picture . The top is a very attractive mix of tannish tones , giving the vinyl a fabric-like appearance . The bench was well-packed and arrived from Amazon with no damage . Set-up was easy and took only a few minutes for attaching the legs . I would definitely buy this bench again .
 It 's a bench . I sit on it and play my keyboard . That 's about it . It was very easy and quick to assemble -LRB- less than ten minutes -RRB- . There was no tool included so I just used a socket wrench . Pliers or a small adjustable wrench would also work . The padding makes it comfortable to sit on for extended periods of time . The finish is a little different from the finish on my Yamaha keyboard but I ca n't really see that drastic of a difference . The keyboard and bench were manufactured in different countries with wood from different trees and varnish from different lots so it would long shot to expect an exact match . The vinyl on the seat of my bench is grey , not brown but that does n't bother me . I like the bench and am pleased with my purchase .
 This was super easy to attach the legs . Took me about 5 minutes from box to being able to sit on it at my piano . Very sturdy . I recommend this for anyone who has a Keyboard on legs and needs something at the correct height for playing it .
 Great keyboard bench . It has the top seat the opens to store music books or sheets . Two people can sit on the bench .
 I hate the way the guy before me phrased his review . I do n't actually own these legs . I may buy them right now though .
 Installed on my traynor 4 ten combo it made a nice difference in sound projection and hearing the sound myself .
 I purchased this to use with the Yamaha PRS S900 keyboard for home use . It 's perfect for karaoke and family fun . It does not have the same voice quality as the Shure 85 mic -LRB- industry standard -RRB- , but you 're paying $ 100 less ! Considering all the included accessories , it 's a steal at this price .
 i bought this because me and my friends are trying to make a band and so i bought it and it was amazing i was a little nerves that it was n't going too work but it was great .
 Great Product , Better then I ever thought I was getting . This product is unbelieveable quality for the price , can not go wrong purchasing this product .
 Good product . Much easier on the hands to play congas or bongos with these . Everyone in the section likes them .
 I 've bought totally 3 pieces of it for x ` mas gifts , with US$ 99 I could get a guitar with worth more than $ 500 .
 This is a great guitar set to start learning to play . It comes with everything to start-guitar , amp , picks , book , case , extra strings , tuner , and strap . It sounds great and my daughter loves the look!I recommend this for all , especially young beginners !
 have been thinking about getting a guitar for some time , and when this was on sale for $ 99 shipped , i took the plunge . it is super awesome ! the yellow one is beautiful . as far as quality , good enough for a beginner set . comes with everything you need . my brother plays and gave it a shot to see the sound quality , and he said it was pretty decent for a $ 99 set . it was a great buy . shipped quickly and perfectly . cant wait to learn how to play ! comes with book and dvd too .
 Among cymbal sets I own , including complete sets of the Zildjian K Custom Special Dry and Session series , A. Zildjian and cie `` Vintage '' series , and a few others , the most versatile is the Armand series . While there are still some musical applications that the Armand series cymbals are not the best choice , this pair of hi-hats is.They are thinner and more responsive thanZildjian A Series 14-Inch New Beat Hi-Hat Cymbals Pair , and if you keep your hi-hat clutch loose you can get that sloshing sound that Ringo made popular in rock -LRB- and countless swing and jazz drummers before him employed to excellent effect . -RRB- Note that , like the rest of the Armand series , these hats tend towards a brighter pitch and come overtones . It is controllable to a point , and even when played tightly closed projects if you want them . The `` chick '' is probably not as pronounced as what you can get from New Beats , but foot splashes are amazing -LRB- if you use those in your playing -RRB- , and that classic sound is there.Zildjian advertises that the Armand series captures the classic 60s rock sound . I agree . They also represent the sound of the 1950s Avedis cymbals , and to my ears capture the sound of the cymbals Joe Morello played inTime Out , one of the greatest jazz albums of all time . When I am playing blues and some jazz I pair these hats with myZildjian A Series 21-Inch Armand Ride Cymbalon the right andZildjian 19-Inch Armand Zildjian Beautiful Baby Ride Cymbalon the left and I am good to go -LRB- I do not use crash of splash cymbals -RRB- . Check out the entire Armand line if you are in the market for some great , general-purpose cymbals . However , these hats will work with any series or brand of cymbals and in every musical genre I can imagine . They are among the best Zildjian has made in decades .
 As the owner of two other Gator cases for band instruments -LRB- GL-CLARINET-A & GL-TRUMPET-MUTE -RRB- , I needed a cornet case . I ordered this one based on my positive experience with the other Gator cases . The cornet case is really nice . I tried three different models -LRB- Bach Shepherd 's Crook , a Besson Shepherd 's Crook , and a 1968 Silver Olds Ambassador -RRB- ... all three fit fine with an inch or two to spare in horn length . This case is very plush . The padding is thick and the interior fabric is really nice ... even better than my other two Gator cases.I should mention that these cases are really more like a hard case with a zipper , as they are rigid underneath the outer fabric covering . They seem very , very protective . I do n't think this is mentioned in Gator 's specs anywhere.My only disappointment with this case is the lack of a mouthpiece grommet . Most trumpet/cornet cases now have two of them , but this case has none . I can utilize the outer pocket , however , for the mouthpiece ... so it 's still a nice , fully functional and protective case for a cornet.If it had even one mouthpiece I 'd give it 5 stars ... but as is , it easily gets 4 stars .
 Alvarez FD60AMB Thin Cutaway Dreadnought Acoustic Guitar , Top Figured , Back-and-Side Quilted , MapleThis is a great guitar , with a small neck adjustment out of the box , have been playing on stage 15 to 20 hours a week . Has great tone , stays in tune , and sounds even better through an amp . My wife has claimed it because of it 's easy to play and the thin body is comfortable .
 I am a professional musician and an avid guitar collector . I recently added the Alvarez FD60AMB to my collection . It is a well crafted guitar and is visually stunning . Out of the box , the intonation and set up is right on . The electronics and pick-up with on board tuner is exceptional . Although , I am somewhat disappointed with the over all sound . The low end is deep and rich , the mid range is too sharp , and the high end is harsh and thin . The light strings supplied just do n't cut through the mix . Replacing them with D'Addario EXP16 coated Phosphor Bronze -LRB- 12-53 -RRB- made a considerable difference . Using a DOD Acoustic 1 preamp pedal through a Marshall AS50D acoustic amp solved the problem . For the money , $ 280 , this guitar is a steal , but a little tweaking is necessary !
 I ordered this guitar a couple weeks ago through the Alvarez clearance event going on . I thought it was a nice looking guitar and its size should make it easier for my wife to play than her big dreadnought.Since its arrival , the guitar has become a favorite of the whole household . My wife and our Thai exchange student fight to get time with this addition to our stable of instruments . The sound is balanced and surprisingly full-sounding for a shallower bodied guitar . It sounds even better plugged in . The Alvarez also came from the factory with a very nice setup - certainly far superior to the Ovation we most recently got . Fit and finish are very good and the guitar looks even better in person than on the website.The only complaint I can muster up is that I had to reattach the bracket that holds the pickup wires in place - the double-sided foam tape holding the bracket had lost its stickiness and required another piece of double-sided tape to repair .
 I 'm not one to buy guitars online , I really prefer seeing and hearing an instrument in detail before purchasing . That being said , I could n't pass up an incredible limited time sale price on this guitar at Amazon . I checked over user ratings at about 5 different websites and was amazed at how positive all the comments were.After owning it for 3 months I could n't be happier . Great for finger picking , solid with a flat pick , easy to play , even balance of tones and very well built . I bought a $ 1,300 Taylor from Guitar Center about 6 months ago and returned it because just did n't seem to have much feeling to it . An awesome guitar no doubt , but it just seemed to be missing something , not to mention that it was not good at all for finger picking.This Alvarez is obviously not the same caliber as the Taylor I returned , but I like it much more . I own several guitars from classical to electric , but I would have to say that this Alvarez is the best all around instrument in terms of value and performance . I never thought I would buy a guitar online , but what a surprise .
 It 's difficult to buy a guitar under any conditions . It 's harder on line . But this guitar is really a piece of art . More than wood and steel and electronics . I have connected to this Alvarez instrument . It 's a member of the family . It only took a week .
 This was bought as a gift for my daughter , The guitar was more beautiful then it 's online photo , the workmanship is awesome , and the electronics are very good quality . For the price this was an excellent purchase
 I received my guitar a week ago , and already have new strings on it , and it play 's super well . I am going to sell my Alvarez 12 string , cause I wo n't need it any more .
 When I was getting off to go to college I felt like I needed to get an acoustic for the dorm room . I tried all types of guitars in my price range , including some name brand ones , but I was blown away from this Alvarez . The good parts about this guitar is that it is thinner than a normal dreadnought guitar . It 's tuner you can use while it is not plugged in . It also looks nice and everywhere I take mine they say it is the prettiest guitar they have ever seen.I do however have to talk about my minor cons about this guitar . The biggest one is that it only has a bridge pickup . This causes my sound to sound like I am only sorta there when plugged in , I usually however play only with out it plugged in so not a big deal . The other thing is that when the battery gets low the tuner does not work well at all . Not that big of deal but I could see people getting confused by this.I wish I could have you sit down with this guitar because that is the only way you need to experience this guitar . I love mine and other owners of this guitar will tell you they love theirs . I would spend double on what ever people are offering to buy another one if mine ever broke .
 I was concerned about buying a guitar I could not first play and one I was not familiar with , though knew I could return it if necessary . Once I received my Alvarez FD60AMB , I was no longer concerned . This guitar plays very nice , stays in tune , looks beautiful . I do n't want to put it down . I have several other guitars , and this is definitely my favorite to play now . The deal is unbeatable , I think anyone looking for an acoustic/electric would be happy with this choice .
 These guitars are really great , I got one 5 years ago , and still love it.PLEASE NOTE , though , that these sell very commonly at around $ 300 or sometimes even less , so nobody needs to pay more than that for one .
 First of all , I 'd like to do a review of the the other person 's review -LRB- Chelorokks -RRB- . This person is an idiot and it troubles me that they think it is necessary to rate this PRODUCT poorly because of SHIPPING issues . I wan na know how the product works , not read about how you waited at home and cried for 3 weeks.Anyways , this product shipped fine for me , and it works perfectly . I have no complaints . I bought one , it worked great , so I went ahead and bought 2 more to keep everything in my horn more consistent . The springs seems a bit stronger than the stock springs I originally had .
 I 'll be the first to admit that I 'm a skeptic when it comes to ordering an accessory for an instrument considered to be `` world music '' , a term I abhor . Also , I was n't even getting these for a Baglama Saz , but for a Persian Setar , though they 're fairly similar instruments . But hey , I figured that they 're just picks , how badly can they be screwed up?I was pleasantly surprised to find that when this package arrived -LRB- VERY quickly -RRB- , it contained 10 picks in varying thicknesses/hardnesses , something I had n't even thought of . It has four of the most common pick -LRB- thin , hard -RRB- , then two of three grades of soft plastic picks , made in Turkey as advertised.They work just great , and the price is unbeatable , not to mention that Mid-East is the only purveyor of Saz picks on Amazon.com .
 I did a lot of research on the 12 hole harmonicas . I have a 10 hole Hohner Marine band G. I wanted the 12 hole Marine Band G because I thought It would have a lower key which I needed to play some of my favorite songs . Going by the feedback on another site they said that you could play amazing grace and could reach that lower note . After receiving this harmonica and playing it , I realized it is the same keys on the low end as my 10 hole . and of course you ca n't send them back once you have played them.As far as the harmonica itself , it is great harmonica . It sounds great . It takes some adjustment getting used to the two extra holes.Don F.
 This is a good choice for those who do like performance of Diatonic , but who hates to be stuck in two and a half castrated octaves.Here we have at least three complete octaves -LRB- with bending and without overbending -RRB- . Key G is great for German Military Marches and folk music .
 I 've been pleased with this mouthpiece . It is especially nice on those cold winter days when playing outdoors , but it also comes in handy for lip exercises when driving around town or when I have some down time . I 've used mine well over the last few years and it shows very little wear , even after traveling around in the same pocket as my keys .
 The reason I give this 4 out of 5 stars id after a while it 's been starting to get small cracks in it , after months of use its still fine , but I 'm kind of afraid it will come a day that it will just crumble when I play a high &#34; c &#34; or something . I 'll pick up a spare in the future.Otherwise this product is great , a lot more comfortable than metal . -LRB- Strictly opinion , others may disagree -RRB- Fits comfortably after a while , and does n't get cold on those breezy marching band nights .
 This was a really good buy.It arrived on time , and it really does preform well . I would recommend this to any good trumpet player .
 These sticks do their job and are affordable , I like them ! You can never go wrong with Vic Firth quality .
 I 've been using Rute for a few years as my main drumstick . Instead of banging away and drowning out everyone or using 7As and trying to play quietly , the Rutes let me open up and not play too loud . I use them for rock and worship music . They are effective enough that my worship leader asks drummer to use a bundled-rod stick for our small room.The nice thing about Rutes is the handle . It is a bit larger than a 2B or a Hardimon , but is easy to handle . A benefit of having a wood handle is being able to still play really woody rim clicks . The stick is so long that the sweet spot for clicks on my 14 '' maple snare is places the rods against the other side of the rim.There are two shortcomings . The bundled rods make the length of the attack much longer than with sticks . This can muddy the sound for many types of music . The other is that it takes a bit of time to get used to the way it attacks the drum . Double strokes must be really drawn out since the stick does n't rebound off the head as high as a stick.In summary : Pros-Play full stroke with quiet soundWoody rim clicksHandle feels like a stickAdjustable tightness of rodsCons-Longer attackTakes time to get used to
 Considering the price and everything , this guitar is almost worth five stars . I compared this guitar to a Gibson Custom Shop Alvin Lee `` Big Red '' and it 's amazing that for about 10 % of the cost of the `` Big Red '' you 're getting a hot axe that has an incredible unbelievable sound . One key component are the double Vintage Alnico V plus pickups . The fretboard is fast and the workmanship is pretty good for this price range . Comparing this Epiphone Dot Studio to other 335s ' from various manufacturers , I found that the Epiphone has done the best job in this category , and it 's because Epiphone is a Gibson company and that may explain it why.This guitar is relatively light for a semi-hollow body and the setup was perfect right out of the box with low action the way I like it . I think the worn series finishes with the worn cherry etc. are a unique touch although I also like the tomato red , the yellow , the alpine white from recent editions . A very good guitar at a very affordable price .
 Right out of the box , this thing sounds great . Minimalist styling , very high quality , and I had no set up to do at all . Worth every penny . It looks and sounds like an axe that cost 4x as much . Highly recommend .
 I purchased my Dot Studio new from a Guitar Center . Once in every other blue moon , a guitarist picks up a guitar and something magical happens ; the guitar just feels `` right '' in his hands and body . That is the only way I can describe my experience with my Dot . A couple of things need to be understood here . 1 -RRB- I am not an Epiphone kind of guy . I have always gravitated to Fenders or custom luthier made instruments -LRB- I built a few and fix a pile of stringed instruments -RRB- . 2 -RRB- I am definitely not a `` Made in China '' kind of guy either . Yes , the Epi Dot Studio is made , ... . there . 3 -RRB- The Dot Studio finish -LRB- worn brown , worn cherry and worn brown burst -RRB- suck . Not that the finish is applied poorly , it 's just too Early American furniture looking for me . Having said that , I can bypass all the negativity about this guitar based on `` how '' I buy guitars . I buy them because they feel and play well . Call me strange , but I still like people with character rather than beauty , prestige , or money . I like my guitars the same way . The Dot Studio has excellent sound and playability `` character '' . This guitar answers it all . It is simple to use with just a single volume and single tone control and a single switch to excite the hot bridge pickup , warmer neck pickup , or combination of the two . You can dial in a ton of tone for just about any kind of music you play . The price allows the collector -LRB- or rather , hoarder -RRB- to buy just one more . It also gives the beginner a quality instrument . This is so important . I can not tell you how many people I 've spoke to that quit learning because they bought a cheap , hard to play instrument . For the working musician , a few minor upgrades will make this your number 1 Blues machine.Oh , one more problem with this guitar . It wo n't leave my hands .
 I 've been a working musician since 1969 and I 've been through a ton of guitars from major brands to pawn shop cheapies ... a bit over a year ago I played a Dot Studio owned by a friend and ordered one the next day . After about a month of gigs I bought a second . They are simply great , well balanced with a kick-a $ $ sound regardless of what amp I use ... the price is a plus , but I wo n't say it 's `` great for the price , '' because the truth is they are great at any price ! I have had mild intonation problems with one of them but going to a slightly heavier gage string and a very minor bridge adjustment took care of it . They sound big and fat or dirty and bluesy , they stay in tune , and they are SIMPLE to control . -LRB- I am tired of having to fiddle with 5 , 6 , or more controls to find the sound I want . -RRB- The Epiphone Dot Studio is a fantastic guitar ! The two I have , along with an electric 12-string , are the only axes I travel with .
 I 've been a `` perpetual beginner '' for over 20 years now , and have always loved the sound and looks of semi-hollow bodies , but as such , I was never able to justify spending $ 600 + on a guitar that only sees only the occasional garage jam and an hour or two of couch pluckin ' a week . I finally got it in my head that I would start saving for one , and began searching the web for a `` victim . '' I stumbled across this beauty , -LRB- mine being `` Worn Brown '' which is no longer available -RRB- and INSTANTLY fell in love with it 's clean no-nonsense looks , and of course , the price tag . I was initially a bit concerned about the quality to price ratio , and had never bought a guitar without physically inspecting it first , but decided to take the plunge anyway . When I finally got it in my hands and took a few minutes to go over it , all my concerns were washed away . The fit and finish was top-notch and free of ANY blemishes , the frets smooth and polished , and the hardware was perfectly adequate for the price-range . I was pleasantly surprised to find the action low and light , and the factory set-up was spot-on . -LRB- a few customer reviews had me expecting other-wise -RRB- even the loose input jack which is apparently standard issue for this , and most `` Dot '' models , was non-existent on mine -RRB- -RRB- Now , when I finally got around to stuffing my tongue back in my head , and actually plugged it in , that 's when I knew that this was no longer a case of being charmed by it 's simplistic good looks ... The pickups are well matched to this guitar , -LRB- not too hot that feedback is a huge concern -RRB- and the tones run the gamut from church-bell clear , to warm and silky with a flip of the selector . My only gripe would be that there is only one master tone and volume control , but to be honest you can get any sound you 'd expect from a semi-hollow with those two alone . -LRB- some reviewers have complaints with the tone knob not being responsive , but this does n't seem to be an issue with mine , it has a good amount of usable tones for it 's range -RRB- When running it through a clean channel , it 's impeccably clear voiced ... dirty and cranking the volume will push out those gritty bar room blues tones that is the hallmark of a good semi-hollow . I did switch out the factory strings -LRB- which I believe are .11 's -RRB- to a set of EB Super Slinky that first night , but they did n't seem to be of terrible quality . Again , the tuners are n't great quality , but are perfectly adequate , and seem to hold tuning with little to no issue . The nut is of black plastic , and I may opt for a Tusq in the future , but again , the stock unit seems to be plenty adequate for now . The satin finish is easily maintained , and tends to hide any minor scratches better than a high gloss finish would . The neck may be a bit wide for some players , and the lack of markers on the fret board could put some beginners off , but if I can learn to play without them , ANYONE can . -LRB- there are however side markers -RRB- I 've had the guitar for a little over a year now , and the p ` up selector is starting to crackle and pop in the middle setting , so it may need to be replaced in the future . The `` black nickel '' finish is starting to wear a bit where I rest my hand on the bridge , but that 's normal wear and does n't affect performance . All-in-all , I would say that if you 're looking for a semi-hollow and do n't mind the stripped down accoutrements , this guitar is an incredible value . The tones and quality of workmanship are unheard of at this price-range . Epiphone really have outdone themselves with this model .
 I bought one of these at Sam Ash , and I 've played it every day for the past two months . I absolutely love it.This is by no means a versatile guitar . It is exactly what it looks like -- great for acoustic practice , but amplified it has a very limited range of sounds . My Les Paul , by contrast , can do anything I want it to with small adjustments . But when I 'm just sitting there and want to practice without the amp , this guitar is superior . I 've tried various amp setups to try to get a sound I like out of the Dot Studio , but it just does n't like to work with overdrive . If I keep it limited to funk -LRB- with wah-wah -RRB- and blues chords with a little reverb , it 's fine . Anything else just does n't sound right . I do n't know if this is because the pickups are n't that great , or because the semi-hollow body design muddles the sound when amplified . I 'm new at this , so I 'm still learning how to make everything work the way I want it to.It 's set up for a high action and comes with 11-gauge strings . I 've lowered the action a little and tried 12s on it . The 12s sound better on the Dot Studio , but the high action makes it difficult to play for more than a half hour or so . For my second restringing , I went back to 11s and changed the setup accordingly . It 's a good strength-building exercise , I suppose , to play this guitar over longer periods of time . Barre chords are a real pain in the ass when compared with the Les Paul with 10-gauge strings and low action.The one good thing about high action is the ease of using a slide . I do all of my slide practice on the Dot Studio -LRB- at least until I get a Dobro -RRB- . The finish and the general quality of the construction are outstanding . I do n't usually expect much from the low-end Asian sub-brands like Epiphone and Squier , but the Dot Studio is actually really well-made . In fact , I think they made this one a little too well -- I ca n't justify the extra money for the American-made Gibson version . -LRB- It may , however , be worth the extra $ 100 to get the deluxe Epiphone model with four knobs and the pick guard . -RRB- I ca n't say the same for the Les Paul or the SG -- the Gibson versions of these are noticeably better than the Epiphone versions , and worth the price if you are willing to pay for top quality.Also , get yourself a Gator or Epiphone case to go with this . You ca n't use gig bags with arch-top guitars , so you 're limited to hardshell cases . I think there is an Ibanez case that will work with this Dot Studio as well . Anyway , you should be able to find one for between $ 80 and $ 100 on Amazon or in any Gibson guitar store .
 Decent product . This mount takes some adjustment before it of real benefit . Once you get it dialed in though , it puts the vibraslap anywhere you need it , and free up a hand .
 I purchased two of these for my son for Christmas , one for his acoustic guitar and the other for his electric guitar . It works well for both and he was quite pleased with the quality . They do a fine job and I would recommend them .
 I ordered two of these , one for my classical acoustic guitar and one for one of my electric guitars . I 've owned three other models of similar guitar stands in the past -LRB- all stolen by my little brother but one -RRB- . This product is just about perfect . It 's easy to assemble , sturdy , large enough for most normal sized guitars , and appropriately cushioned to protect the finish of your guitar on both the base arm and neck rest . The only reason I did n't give this item 5 stars is because the strap up top is a bit too rubbery and not quite as soft as I 'd prefer , but it definitely snaps on tight and does its job !
 I 'm a bit of a minimalist so I preferred this stand over other stands with shiny chrome finish and thicker tubes . Having my guitars out in display reminds me that I need to play them more , very simple design -- easy to take out , and easy to put away .
 its a no-nonsense bunch of tubes that holds your guitar . . um . works perfectly fine for my stratocaster lookalike . and it 's cheap
 These stands are exactly what they should be - reliable , well-made , inexpensive . I 've bought three of them .
 Would definately recommend this stand for anyone looking for something for home use . I use with an Ibanez electric guitar and it has been stable and sturdy for 4 months now . -LRB- The stand is placed on cut pile carpet . -RRB- It is probably not tuff enough for the rough and tumble of road and stage use .
 This stand is very nice , it is black and it does its job very well . It also has a strap on the top holder to secure the guitar when it is on the stand . It is like an added bonus .
 I am very happy with this guitar stand . It 's legs are the perfect size and angle for the corner of any room .
 I ordered two of these stands and they work very well ! Definitely keeps my guitars a lot safer than having them leaning against things .
 My guitar sits perfectly happy and secure on this stand . Easy to assemble and rock steady . Contact points are protected so guitar can not get damaged . Well worth the money .
 I had bought one months ago for my banjo and it was so great that my girlfriend wanted one for her guitar so I hooked her up . They are the perfect stands , i beleive they are better quality then the highdollar name brand .
 This is a great stand ! It is very sturdy . You wo n't do better for the price !
 These are good guitars stands . They work fine , were easy to assemble . Could pay 2 or 3 times more at the stores ...
 Product arrived eventually -LRB- was back-ordered -RRB- and in good condition . It seems a little flimsy upon construction , but is more stable than you would expect . The base has one very short leg to provide tilt , and the two prongs on the bottom simply stick through the base -LRB- so they are not terribly secure -RRB- . The neck is adjustable with a simple screw to tighten in to secure it with pressure . Overall this does an excellent job of holding the instrument and I am pleased with the purchase . Buyers interested in display may wish to consider an A-frame instead ... the securing strap and adjustable neck is a bit of an eyesore . This will stand up to some moderate jostling , but if you 're anticipating a lot of it you may wish to consider something with a more secure system than the two prongs just stick in the slot at the base . If it gets jostled too much they will fall out -LRB- esp . if your guitar is not in it to weigh it down -RRB- .
 I recently purchased this stand for my new Fender Strat and it was a great purchase . This is a great sturdy stand and is a great deal ... I would recommend this stand to anyone .
 Great price for a guitar stand . Works as good as the more expencive ones . Approved by YODA .
 It 's a guitar stand that simply does its job.It 's not fancy , it 's not pretentious , it 's not something that going to make the next person who sees it jealous.It simply does its job . How sexy is that ?
 Works fine . Some assembly required , but nothing hard . It holds it up great , and it 's pretty cheap too.No frills , no problems ... works as promised . The folding aspect is n't something that really helps , because after everything is done some parts do n't fold , so dont expect a slim tripod kind of shape when your packing this .100 percent good stuff here .
 Can hold bass and odd shape bodies . Somewhat sturdy . Watch the torque on the friction knob !
 It 's not a complicated item so there 's not too much to say other than it works well , is well made , and has no flaws that would prevent it from functioning as a standard guitar stand .
 It was easy to put together , it 's a nice stand . My only complaint is that the part the guitar rests on is n't screwed in place so it can move about . Other than that it 's a great guitar stand .
 This stand is a no-nonsense tool for guitar storage , and it gets five stars because the price was very right . It arrived in good condition and has proven to be only what it is billed to be - simple , effective , and inexpensive .
 Works great ! It came very quickly too ! It came pretty much assembled that was good too . Adjustable is good too .
 I 've bought quite a few guitar stands off of Amazon in the past few years , and I 've paid for the most expensive ones and the cheapest ones , and this is the best one I 've found yet . Very sturdy , well made , and fully height adjustable , with strong soft foam to protect your precious guitars from getting all scratched up . It states that cellulose finishes can be damaged , so at least it lets you know that ahead of time -LRB- most cheap stands do n't -RRB- , so that 's a good thing as well . Do n't waste more money than you have to for a good quality stand , grab this one !
 Does what it was designed to do ! I love that it has the cushions around the parts that touch the guitar .
 Though I do like this stand and it does work well for me , the reason for placing the price difference on the title is because a 60 % price increase for this particular stand is substantial and you probably would have better options at the higher entry price-point . Therefore my review is based on what I got and what I paid for it.The Pros - At 7.90 cents it was the most inexpensive stand I found which also happened to have good reviews.It 's relatively well made and damage to the finish of your guitar should not concern you.The security strap thing is a nice extra.Works well with my guitars -LRB- tested -RRB- both acoustic and electric -LRB- hardwood floor and regular carpet -RRB- Great buy if you just want a basic no frills product.The Cons - May not be particularly stable with lighter guitars.As others have mentioned , certain carpeting types may prove to be troublesome with this stand.Not ideal if you are in the market for a heavy duty product .
 I bought this stand for my daughter for Christmas . It was inexpensive but very sturdy and exactly what she was wanting !
 I bought this stand to hold up my electric guitar I got a couple months ago and ws tired of swapping my acoustic and electric out of bags for just one stand . It 's a nice stand for sub $ 10 bux . The botton where the base of the guitar rests does swivel more than I would like but once the guitar is in place it 's stable . . I reccomend this product all in all !
 Very easy to assemble . It tends to fall over on carpet if not sitting just right , but overall a good stand .
 This stand works great for me . I can disassemble and fold it pretty quickly , and it has n't let me down in the sturdiness department yet .
 What can I say ? $ 10 for a tripod that is nice and sturdy to hold my Fender ... :-RRB- Do n't waste money on a more expense tripod unless you just like to spend money . This will do the job for a lot less , plus it 's portable !
 When I saw the price I did n't expect much . However , it really gets the job done . It is designed well . I use it to store my electric Fender Bass guitar . The design makes sure that the stand wo n't scratch the guitar . I like that it has the rubber strap to prevent the guitar from falling forward . For the money , five stars .
 This is a great stand . I do n't know why people would give it lower than a 5 star . It is rubber , it lasts long , its durable , its everything that you would want for your electric guitar . Definitely buy it
 Good for the price , stable solid construction.Not sure why the bottom piece rotates , but if you pull it back slightly it stays in place.Nice non scratch finish.It holds my acoustic well.I like the keeper at the top in case it gets bumped , it will prevent some scratches and falling over.Glad I bought it.Beats the old chrome plated junk I remember from way back .
 Delivery was quick . Not a scratch or nick anywhere . The stand is nice looking ; but more importantly , it 's handy and practical . I 'm happy with my purchase .
 These stands are inexpensive , easy to assemble , lightweight and sturdy ; what more could you ask for in a guitar stand ? We just bought three of these
 Cheap and does exactly what it needs to , hold my guitar . I find that having my guitar out rather than in the case encourages me to practice more often too which is a bonus !
 Just received two of these , one for my acoustic guitar , one for my 5-string banjo . Works exactly as intended , reasonably heavy duty . Ca n't imagine a better stand for the price .
 I purchased an XCG4 folding guitar stand for my banjo and liked it well enough that I ordered another one . The `` extra '' stand came in handy when the guitar player forgot his stand . I let him sweat all during soundcheck and enjoyed his attempts to safely lean his martin against a speaker , then a chair , and finally just putting it back in his case . He was one relieved picker when I brought out the additional XCG4 . So , my under $ 10 investment paid for itself within 24 hours of arrival -LRB- because I 'll get that much enjoyment from teasing him about it forever -RRB- !
 I purchased this stand for my 13yo son ; he received an electric guitar for Christmas . It works great for this particular guitar and I 'd highly recommend it . However , it is not quite big enough for his acoustic guitar . Thank you .
 I have this stand for over a year now and I never have to worry my guitar will fall off the stand . The rubber that touches the guitar -LRB- the 2 Us -RRB- are softer rubber -LRB- similar to the OXO tool 's rubber -RRB- so it gives great grips that the guitar wo n't slide around or damaged by knocking on it . The end of each legs also have softer rubber that grips well with any type of hard flooring yet it 's stable on carpet as how the weight is evenly distributed . The price is great and I 'll recommend this .
 This guitar stand does NOT find hidden treasure . It does NOT hypnotize beautiful women . It does NOT fix your transmission . It does NOT tell your boss to give you a raise.It just holds onto your guitar when you do n't see any reason to put into a case . It 's sturdy , reliable and to the point . No gimmicks , nothing flashy . Just a guitar stand that is reasonably priced . If you need one , might as well be this one .
 It 's not very stable on carpet . It 's easy to knock over but it 's fine if you do n't touch it . Do n't expect too much with that price.There 's a stand made by Musicians Gear with better reviews and a lower price that may be a better alternative though I never tried it.Musician 's Gear Tubular Guitar Stand , Black
 There are a fair number of similar tripod guitar stands out there for about the same cost . If one of your pet peeves with some of these is that the U-shaped support falls out when you carry the assembled stand around , then you 'll especially like the World Tour stand . The way that the U-shaped piece inserts makes it far less susceptible to falling out . And , although it is , as one other reviewer put it , `` minimalistic , '' this stand has a substantial feel to it . I 'm quite happy with this purchase , and would buy another World Tour again , rather than one of the other brands that I own . Amazon.com did a great job , too , getting this out to me .
 This stand is sturdy and simple to use . It holds my bass very well - I 'm not afraid of the stand falling over , even when sitting on carpet.The only reason I did not give it five stars is because the angle of the bottom bracket is a little odd for me . It works fine , but I wish it was n't quite as steep as it is . With that said , I would still buy another one .
 Good quality and sturdy.I 'm using this with my Ibanez bass and it works great.Like other reviewers stated , it does n't like acoustic guitars . My Silvertone acoustic would n't fit in the stand.I will definitly invest in more of these for my other electric guitars .
 This folding stand is a great value and I would buy it again . It 's basically the same quality and design as other stands of the same type , in the price range below 50 or so -- that is to say they are fairly cheaply made , in China , perhaps with a higher frequency of manufacturing defects than more expensive stands . But for a guitar player on a budget , who 'd rather invest in his or her instruments than expensive stands and cases , cheap ones suffice for most purposes . The price on this stand is difficult to argue with . For the cost of a few lattes , these things are a huge value and perfectly fine for most guitar owners.One criticism I 've seen is that these stands might damage nitrocellulose lacquer finishes . -LRB- The same is true for most of the stands in this price range . -RRB- HOWEVER , as I understand it , nitro finishes are n't common at all any more . Mostly you find lacquer on old guitars whose finishes have faded and possibly cracked over time.I own four guitars , two from Indonesia and two from China . Both have poly finishes , as do most guitars in the music store . I 'm happy with cheap guitar stands .
 I bought one for my bass guitar and was totally satisfied with it , so i ordered another one along with an electric guitar as a birthday gift for my son .
 It has a Sturdy build . Easy to set and remove my electric guitar . Definitely reccomend this product . Price is reasonable too .
 I own a full size acoustic guitar and this stand holds it very well ; It can fit with plenty of room -LRB- the height is adjustable in the stand -RRB- and the foaming cushioning ensures no damage to the instrument . The tripod design is good , but if you bump into it pretty hard at an angle , it will fall hard . Do n't forget to tighten the legs if you get it !
 I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of this product . I was n't expecting much for $ 10 including shipping since I just wanted to get a stand for my 8 year old son 's electric guitar . The construction is fairly solid and it is attractive looking . The frame is steel or aluminum and painted a nice matte black finish . The base and neck rests are padded with heavy foam and the there is a strap across the neck rest for security . I took a chance because of the price and have no regrets - in fact am so impressed that I am planning to buy 2 more for myself to have at home . I noticed the price just went up to around $ 15 , but even at that it 's still a good bargain .
 No issues at all . It 's light , easy to put together . Works well with my acoustic guitar . An item like this one is great if you DO N'T notice it !
 I decided to purchase a stand after my old guitar broke when it was knocked to the ground by my brother because I just had it against a wall . I got a new guitar and did n't want the same thing to happen so I decided to get this . It is very nice and simple . It 's also very discrete and stable . I definitely recommended buying this product .
 I could n't have asked for much more for the price . It gets the job done and I plan on getting several more .
 I bought 2 of these stands - one for an electric guitar and one for an acoustic guitar . We 've had these stands for over a year and they are still holding the guitars well .
 Great price & very good quality . I purchased 2 of these for my son 's 2 guitars . I would definitely purchase again .
 Works great ! the only thing that makes me uneasy about the stand is that the bottom part does n't stay in place . It swivels back and forth . The weight of the guitar is what brings it back to parallel . Other than that , it 's worked out great so far .
 You get a lot for the money on this . I 'd like one that 's heavier , sturdier , or somehow cooler . But , it functions just as you would expect , and for the price ... I could ' t duct tape my guitar to a popsicle stick any cheaper.Your guitar is all that anyone will notice , so why spend more ? If you can get it shipped free ... even better .
 holds guitar works great , the ends do come off the poles have to continously stick back in dont know if that will pe an issue yet
 This is a well built stand , and it is a good deal too . I like the piece of rubber that locks the guitar neck in place . I had an older one that did n't have a piece of rubber or may have lost it if it is supposed to have one .
 This is a very good and stable stand . Light , strong , and very balanced . It makes my guitar feel secure . It is also ideal for travel since when folded can just be slipped into a small bag .
 Great music stand . Holds my mandolin in a fantastic and supportice way . Fantastically . I HAVE recommended this to my friends !
 I have my 12 string on this stand when I 'm taking a break from practicing -LRB- as you know , a case is where you should store your guitars , not on a stand -RRB- . It is easy to assemble . You 'll pay a lot more money for stands that do the job just as well as this one . if you 're gigging , I might suggest a higher priced stand , but for occasional travel and home use , this will do the trick .
 It is a very nice make . I love the product ! I bought this for my husband because he is constantly laying his guitar on everything in the house so I figured I 'll get him this and that will stop ... lol and it worked ! the it comes as 3 pieces and i put it together in maybe 1 minute ... very simple . The bottom part that holds the base of the guitar moves but I think its supposed to do that . Our kitten thinks its fun to make it swing up and down so its a triple win ! lol Love it .
 I bought this stand b/c it was prime eligible and like $ 8 . I was n't expecting it to be all that . Just need something for a 3rd guitar I had in a case . I could n't believe how nice this was for the price I paid . I have two other ones that are utter crap compared to this and I know I paid $ 20 + for them a long while back.They seem very sturdy but still cushy where it counts . I 'd buy another one if I needed it .
 It 's a really good for the money guitar stand . You cant get or beat the price . Buy one now :-RRB- .
 Perfect for holding my acoustic and looks really nice . Bought another just like it and it 's a simple stand to put together and I 've seen worse go for more money !
 The package is easy to open . The guitar stand is easy to built , good quality , and hold my acoustic guitar steady . I like it .
 This chart is an excellent training aid for a beginning piano student - it 's handy and priced right.The chart unfolds to a nice size for even a student that wears glasses , a handy touch .
 Not being a serious harmonica player , I have no way of evaluating the tonal quality of this thing . However , it 's stood up to 2 weeks of play by my 3 kids -LRB- ages 4 , 3 , & 1 -RRB- with no problem . It 's been dropped repeatedly , blown pretty hard , walked on by the baby , and otherwise generally mistreated . After all of that , it still plays well . It takes a lickin ' and keeps on tickin ' . And at this price , what more can you ask for ?
 This harmonica was a great way for me to get started ! It is very easy to use and sounds great !
 Works great and great packaging , I am sure I will be hearing alot of it from my 13 year old son who wanted it for Christmas
 I am a beginner playing this instrument and it was quite easy to learn to play , has a good sound and easily delimiting the musical notes
 For the price I think it is a pretty good harmonica , sure it can not compare with the really expensive harmonicas , but for the price one ca n't go wrong . I play mine all the time . Has a great range and the tone is good .
 This was really good . Got it for my son who wanted to learn how to playone -- He 's learning but getting better
 I purchased this harmonica as a gift , and while I am by no means an expert in the field of harmonica knowledge , it seems very nice . Well made and plays smooth . Also comes in a nice case . Great price too . Get one for yourself or as a gift .
 These are awesome musical instruments . As a LoZ fan , they are a great piece to have hanging next to your Hylian Shield and Master Sword . They are smaller than I had hoped but they still make sweet music .
 its light weight and a good sound and good price for it . the best one i ever had . i just love it
 Its a cool thing to keep in the glove compartment of your car for when you get stuck in traffic . Very affordable .
 Bought this for my son who just recently purchased a mandolin . He thinks it will work better than the one he has for his guitar .
 Great product ! I use it for my ukulele and it works perfectly . Do n't have any problems with it , just working on how it works now !
 Thousands and thousands have used Cakewalk products , including MCP24 , without any problems whatsoever ; even the dissatisfied user below says it 's a great product . I 've had no such bad luck with support . They 've been great , over the phone -LRB- not by e-mail -RRB-
 A friend gave me a Grover-Trophy whistle a few months ago , but I accidentally dropped it into a bonfire , which warped the plastic on it , rendering it unusable . Since then , I have been looking for a replacement . I bought a slide whistle made by another manufacturer , which was of terrible quality ... it did n't even work right , had terrible sound , could n't use half of the available range of the slide.This slide whistle has no major flaws , is of excellent quality , especially for how cheap it is . I am very satisfied .
 While these whistles do n't give you a huge amount of control over the notes you play -LRB- you can go up or down or down or up -RRB- , it is still fun to play with . I had one of these at various points as a kid .
 This was one of my choices in this years quest to send kids home from Christmas with annoyingly noisy gifts that would n't die on account of batteries and were hard for parents to disable . Bwa-ha-ha ! Kids like Spongebob . These are actually quite nice , loud and good tone . I 'm very happy with them .
 Bought these for the kids of the family for thxgiving .10 for 10 kids ... $ 20 ... and threw in that Sponge Bob episode.AWESOME and more then worth it.Highly recommend ... these are not cheap plastic things that break in a few minutes .
 This is the most fun toy I 've had for ages ! It was very cheap -LRB- $ 2 !!! -RRB- and free shipping -LRB- too well packaging in my opinion , I almost feel bad paying so little for such an awesome item and service -RRB- . This slide whistle will make any crying babies stop crying and start giggling !!!
 This is as much fun as you can have for like a few bucks . Just buy one . Then relax with it .
 it works and its red , ITS AWESOME !!!!!! I just wish that it would go to a lower tone . And it came under 3 days which was cool .
 Sounds like an old time radio sound effect . I was surprised that it worked so well.Lots of fun for not much money.Get one . -LRB- Or 2 -RRB-
 This has become a favorite attention grabber in my art class of 20 1st through 5th graders . It is easy to use as well as fun . It is a simple musical instrument which can be used in different ways such as to get the attention of noisy children or practice listening and vocals . Great tool for the very low price . Recommend to teachers , parents and as prizes for children .
 I ca n't believe something so cheap can be so much fun . Sound is very good ... although a bit choppy when the slide is either all the way up or all the way down . Pretty long whistle , and that problem is only at either extreme ... hence the whistle has a good , clear sound for the most part . Surprisingly sturdy . Unable to pick color but happy with what was received . I am still wondering when or if I will become bored of it . Thinking about buying a bunch for Christmas stocking stuffers . You would have to have a heart made of stone to not enjoy this cute whistle .
 I wanted to get a slide whistle because of a spongebob squarepants episode . I 've never had one and they sounded so cool on the episode . I decided to go with the cheaper model because I did n't want to spend a lot of money and be disappointed . When it arrived I was amazed by the quality and sound ! It sounded exactly like I 'd hoped , and the pitch and range was perfect . The quality was also supurb for $ 5.00 ; the plastic is durable , the slide is strong and had a good seal in the tube . I 'm glad I did n't buy a more expensive model just to play around with!Todd
 Like one of the other reviewers said , my husband also wanted a slide whistle because of that same episode of SpongeBob SquarePants . He was very pleased with this slide whistle when it arrived . It was a bit larger than we were expecting , but that was a positive . Because of the size , the whistle itself has a nice , clear tone , and the sounds I hear my husband make with it always crack me up , especially when he whistles to the motions I 'm making , like bending over , walking or stirring food . It 's a great price , and definitely worth it . Lots of fun !
 When I wanted a slide whistle to accompany a storyteller , I chose the Yankee cause it was made of metal and a bit more expensive than the plastic Grover . The metal slide whistle works for 2 blows and then gets very airy sounding . The pitch range is very limited . After working with it for several months and trying many different ways of blowing into it , tightening it , wiping it etc -- I gave up and got a Grover -- a good ole classic plastic slide whistle . Sounds great -- great pitch range and consistent sound for long periods of play . Get it if you want a good slide whistle .
 Well as other parents , I had to get this toy after my kids saw the slide whistle episode on Spongebob . It produces great sound and it is surprisingly well built for a whistle under $ 10.00 . Highly recommended for kids for it 's sturdy built . It will outlast the clumsiest of kids .
 This is a great product for a great price!I bought this slide whistle from influence from the one spongebob episode like many of the other costumers.It came about 3 days after I odered it , It is blue where there is red in the picture and is kinda big but comfortable for its size.The sound is EXACTLY how it is in the spongebob episode , in other words a great quality sound.If your looking for a cheap but great slide whistle buy this one you will be satisfied , I know I was ; -RRB-
 This is a delightful and inexpensive device that can be used to make witty sound effects when someone falls expectedly . Unfortunately , people mostly fall unexpectedly , so it takes practice to get your timing just right .
 This was an impulse buy after seeing the spongebob episode with the slide whistle . It 's a great solid whistle at a very nice price , only 2 dollars ! The sliding mechanism is very smooth and it gives a nice clean sound . Recommended !
 I did n't get to chose the color I want , so it lost a star , but I love it ! It slides smoothly and brings much joy .
 I got this for my neice its great . what a simple instrument anyone can do it . Kids love it and they can play it anytime .
 Slide whistle where have you been my whole life ? For $ 5 you can make a hilarious sound , so worth it . I had this one at my desk at work for months and I had a great time annoying co-workers until they made me take it home . haha
 Like most of the other reviews I saw the same episode of Spongebob and instantly needed to buy one . These have wonderful sound and are very durable . I will use for Christmas gifts .
 I bought this for my 2 year old granddaughter . She absolutely loves it !!! It is very well made , better than I thought for the price . And it sounds great . It did n't take her long to figure out the slide action either . It was a great buy !!!
 These whistles are plastic with a metal slide . They 're quite sturdy , and the sound quality is certainly good enough for my elementary school band . The slide whistle is not meant for a serious percussionist , and the sound quality is not THAT great , but it is perfectly suitable as a classroom instrument or toy .
 This is ok because it is so cheap . You really ca n't go wrong . Just know it is made of hard plastic and it will be a different color from the one advertised . It would be nice if you could specify what color you want . But hey , there are n't enough surprises in life so maybe look at it as a good thing .
 This item was purchased to send overseas for our troops or the children who are innocent victims of the war who need to find something to smile about after all they are going through .
 My little sister begged me to buy her one of these after watching the spongebob episode . This whistle is hilarious to play with and has provided us with hours of entertainment .
 Just like the cheap kazoo I bought , this product does n't work as good as higher quality slide whistles , but well worth the 2 bucks I paid for it . Although the high side of the note gets pinched off a bit , the rest of the slide is clear and audible . If you want a cool slide whistle , and you do n't want to pay a lot of money , buy this one !
 This is not dollar-store quality . This is an actual instrument and has a very nice sound . I recommend it for kids and adults alike .
 It came on time and sounded so great !!! Although I did n't expect it to be purple , it still had a good quality . I too got it because of spongebob since it was my sister 's birthday , she she loved it !!! If you love pranks and humor , this is definitely the thing to get !!!
 I ordered this because I wanted some jugband/skiffle band instruments , it was cheap , and shipping was free since it was an add on to a larger order . That said , I 'm perfectly happy with the instrument and this is the first time I 've ever owned a slide-whistle . The first thing I did was make sure it worked , and it works fine . It took me about five minutes to figure out the scale , which is hard to play consistantly but should n't be hard to master with some practice -LRB- somewhat like playing a fretless string instrument -RRB- . The slide whistle is always good for a laugh and I 'm sure the grand-daughters will be eager to try it , but I can tell that it should be able to play simple tunes with it as well . Like banjo playing , a little bit of slide-whistle would go a long way so I do n't foresee using it on more than a song or two , but it 's nice to know it is potentially more versatile than I thought . It 's a great little noisemaker , which makes it a good toy , but it could be used for things other than amusing a child , or some adults , for a few minutes . Too early to say how durable it is , but I 'm hoping it holds up to moderate use .
 The grover-trophy slide whistles are wonderful . The students I work with will go crazy using them this coming up school year . Thank you for clearing up a misunderstood situation so promptly and professionally . You will get my business in the future . Thanks again !
 All right ... Gideon 's Trumpet it ai n't . But if you want an enjoyable toy for your young ` un -LRB- or the young ` un in you ! -RRB- this slide whistle should do the trick.The Grover-Trophy Slide Whistle is colorful and plays well each and every time . It 's made of durable plastic that will allow all but really hard collisions , and it should provide hours of fun for the young at heart.Be aware that hours of fun , mind you , will probably come at the expense of your ears . It 's a great toy , and can be a lot of fun to listen to , but you might want to set a limit as to how long it can be played at one time . That 's of course up to you.But as it goes , you ca n't beat the Grover-Trophy Slide Whistle ... it 's an enjoyable toy , made well , and should be a lot of fun for children .
 Great price and the kids loved it ... Be prepared to hide it on a top shelf when you want peace and quiet because they wo n't want to put it down ... !
 outstanding instrument to have for sound effects , dramatic elements , and even ambient layers for recording music . also excellent for recording sound FX for animations . Sometimes it cracks its sound like an adolescent teenager , but that is what you get when something costs as cheap as this . For the great price , it is extremely useful . Thanks .
 Got this slide whistle for my son from Santa on Christmas . Great quality for the money and was a huge hit . Great sound ! !
 Bought it thinking the price was to good to be true and was cheap made.Turned out to be very good quality and has got my granddaughter in more trouble with mom more than expected , but thats what grandpaws do for payback .
 This was a real hit for a stocking stuffer for Christmas . Out family &#34; band &#34; played kazoos , a jaw harp , with my Mom on the slide whistle . It was the standout instrument of the band and also great for doing funny sound effects . We loved it !
 I purchased two whistles for my class . The other whistle is good but the kids voted for this one to be used . The value of this one is that you can make different sounds and you can adjust the volume . If the class is being disruptive you can indeed cut through the noise and be heard .
 Definitely worth the money.This will bring tons of enjoyment and laughs for all ages to enjoy.Try for yourself.Its worth it .
 I bought this for nieces and nephews - thought I had clicked on 4 - of well . I ended up finding three more locally and they were all the same essentially - just different colors . Nice sound and they seem pretty sturdy
 This ounces amazing-just like what you 'd hear in a cartoon or something . I use it in my classroom to get the kids attention and they love it !
 It 's light and not too stiff to play like the metal one . -LRB- I bought a metal one and it was too stiff to to play ; I bought lube oil and it still was too stiff -RRB- . The slide goes up and down very easy . Makes anyone laugh , I use it to call my cats in for dinner . Hah .
 My son and his cousins had a lot of fun playing with these . Just make sure that you have a backyard for them to play with them at . P.S. Do n't leave it in a hot car -- it will warp from the heat !
 I was looking for a string that i have never used before just for the experience and when stringed up this one it responded well even on my low end violin so i am well satisfied ... will recommend these strings to everyone .
 If you like country but get bored playing through all those three chord changes , do yourself a favor and get this DVD . Toby has such a fun persona and explains everything in detail , measure by measure . It helps if you are familiar with the alternating bass , finger style guitar but if you love country and would like to add a little `` tinsel '' to your playing this will do the job .
 This is , quite simply , the only FireWire audio interface in this price range I would recommend to anyone , period.I did a lot of research on the internet before my purchase , and the USB and FireWire audio interfaces from other manufacturers seemed to be plagued with all sorts of problems , from not enough bandwidth , to losing audio sync , to poor driver support , and so on . The similarly priced M-Audio devices did n't even support hot swapping , instead recommending that you turn your computer off before you plug it in or unplug the device , or risk frying your FireWire ports on your computer!The PreSonus Firebox has none of these problems.A big problem I 've noticed with A/V computer hardware over the years is that the companies who make it are usually AV hardware companies first , and then they have to crank out some sort of sub-optimal drivers to make the thing actually work with the computer . I used to own a video capture card and an audio card -LRB- with great A/D converters -RRB- that both could n't work in anything after Windows NT 4 , and the video card reqired nothing later than Service Pack 3 -LRB- even though SP6 was the final release -RRB- ! The Firebox supports Apple 's CoreAudio , so if you have a recent Mac , you wo n't even need to install any drivers at all ! A Windows driver is also provided -LRB- although if they 're like most companies , whenever the product gets discontinued someday it probably wo n't run on future Windows operating systems -RRB- . Construction is sturdy and solid , and the audio circuitry sounds great throughout . All the connections are balanced -LRB- most in this price range only have a mix of balanced and unbalanced connections -RRB- . Also , unlike many other interfaces in this price range , you can use all the ins and outs at 24/96 simultaneously -LRB- unlike many other interfaces , where you have to lower the quality to run more simultaneous channels -RRB- . By using CoreAudio , PreSonus made a great choice , since they 're essentially using a standard driver that Apple provides for free as part of the operating system . Apple will almost certainly continue to support CoreAudio for years to come , regardless of whether the Firebox is still being made down the road.When I got my Mac , I literally just plugged in the Firebox , turned the Mac on for the first time , and the Firebox became the default audio interface automatically . It was really just as easy as plugging it into the computer . I did n't even need to plug in the power adapter , since it draws its power directly from the computer over the FireWire cable.Don ' t buy another FireWire audio interface until you evaluate this one first !
 I just wanted to give my feedback . I 've owned this Presonus Firebox for just under two years and it 's served me well . I have a home recording studio , and use Logic 7 and an Alesis Quadrasynth 8 . This is a great way to get started in home audio recording , if you want to set up your little studio . You 've got pre-amps , an audio interface , plenty of inputs and outputs , MIDI in/out , and it comes with a software mixer.The inputs are all good and clean . I 'm using an AudioTechnica AT3035 cardiod condenser mic and there 's plenty of signal from the mic . I noticed one reviewer gave the Firebox bad marks because he could n't get his mic signal loud enough , and had to use both gain boosts -LRB- there 's one on the Firebox and a digital one in the software -RRB- . I 'd reason that this is probably because he 's using a dynamic mic that requires a lot of gain , like the classic Shure SM57 's . It may be that the Firebox is n't suited for those mic 's , but it works perfectly well with condenser mic 's like the AT3035 or the Studio Projects B1 -LRB- which is half the price ; or the same as the Shure SM57 -RRB- . So , I do n't see this as a problem with the Firebox itself.There are a good number of inputs on this baby , and you can get an additional mixer if you need more options , as I just did -LRB- got a Behringer -- good quality inexpensive mixers . It pairs up well with the Presonus Firebox . -RRB- However , I did just fine without a mixer for a long while , and you can do that if you 're recording solo most of the time or do n't have a lot of equipment -LRB- or do n't mind switching cables -RRB- , because of the decent number of inputs and outputs on the Firebox . For the price , I think this is a good product and a good deal , and it 's held up against the test of time thus far !
 I use Firebox with Mac OS X , so as another reviewer pointed out , it works immediately the moment you plug it in without installing additional drivers . You can hotplug the device whenever you want and it will work.It is bus powered from FireWire port , so you can bring this wherever you can bring your laptop.The computer I 'm using is an old Powerbook G4 667Mhz with 512MB of ram . It is below advertised system requirement , but it works fine with jackd + Ardour . Recording at low latency -LRB- ~ 10ms -RRB- , 24bits/96khz takes a lot of CPU time , but dropouts only occur when I run out of memory and the system has to do paging . Increasing the latency helps curbing dropouts and CPU usage . Additional memory helps , as well as quitting unneeded applications running in the background to free up memory.Sound quality is great . A subtle quirk is that volume/gain knobs in the front are step-wise , so do n't expect to use these knobs like a mixer because sound-level would change in audible steps . You can download a software mixer from Presonus , but I definitely recommend using it in conjunction with a real mixer if you want that functionality.The neutrik connectors for mic/instrument input is a great convenience . The 1/4in phone connectors are all balanced TRS , each for single channel only . The circuit automatically detects unbalanced plugs and adjust accordingly . If you want to interface that with RCA connectors , make sure you use TR -LRB- also known as `` mono '' phone -RRB- to RCA and not TRS -LRB- also known as `` stereo '' phone -RRB- to RCA , because RCA is unbalanced , and TRS confuses the circuit and makes it think it has a balanced signal while there is not.In theory , you should be able to use the 6 output channels for surround sound when watching DVDs , but I 've never gotten it to work .
 I bought this interface two week ago after more than one month reading reviews on audio interfaces for my home recording . I would like to add here a very important spec of this interface which can help you decide right which Mic you should use with this interface.Pros : - Very sturdy aluminum body , not plastic at all . This feature made me very surprise be cause for a chinese made , under-200 $ interface , the all aluminum body is a luxurious feature . I gave it 5 stars for the body design - Plenty of I/O port . Precisly it has 2 Mic input with integrated Phantom power -LRB- which required for condenser mics -RRB- . This 2 mic inputs can be use for instrument too . And it has more 2 instrument input , one S/PDIF and one MIDI input . Totally it has 6 output for monitoring and one MIDI output and one S/PDIF output . All of this very nice built . - One very nice headphone output . Very clear and well amplified output to your headphone . I use this with Sony MDR-V6 headphone . Sound is amazing . - There are 4 knobs as you see from the picture . Two of them to change the gain of the mic preamp , one of them to change main output gain and one for tuning headphone output . - This box is fully portable . It can work with the power get from the Firewire cable so you donnot need to supply it . However I recommend you use the power adapter when you use it with condenser mic . This will keep the phantom source work well.All of the above feature I would give 5 stars.Cons
 Here 's the deal with this product
 I 've been using the Firebox now for several months . I use it for mobile recording and play back tracks whenever I 'm performing live . So far , it has been perfect for my needs . It 's solid as a rock as far as the construction . The preamps have no hiss and the headphone amp is WAY louder than I need -LRB- which is nice whenever you are recording a drummer -RRB- . I was worried about not having enough gain on the mic preamps based on another review I read . Well , in the software control panel of the Firebox is a ` Gain Boost ' switch that gives you an extra 15dB of boost for lower gain mics .
 Ordered , shipped , and delivered flawlessly . Item came quickly and accurately fit product description . Great seller !
 Seriously , there is no better firewire interface for the money youre getting this at , youd be crazy to get anything else , unless its the firePOD , which is also GREAT . But if you do n't have a drum set and youre just at home wanting to record some guitar tracks or vocals or something , have something to mess around with , there 's NOTHING better . Produces great quality . The software bundle this comes with is one of the best that you will find bundled with hardware , too , at least in my opinion . It 's extremely easy to get started on , not much to it . I would n't use anything else .
 fOR IT 'S SIZE AND PRISE IT 'S A VERY GOOD SYSTEM . I LOVE IT , VERY EASY TO USE AND INSTALL .
 This program is allowing me to mix music professionally . It is not terribly user friendly and time consuming but the results are fantastic .
 About two months ago , the built-in stereo sound output from my six year-old Mac Power PC G4 started to have low frequency noise . I was looking for a Dolby 5.1 compatible sound card to replace the built-in sound output . I could not find any sound card that would give me what I need . Then I found Firebox 6X10 . It is easy to install and setup and easy to use . It works with all the applications on my Mac with sound output needs . It also allow me to assign each sound track of the Dolby 5.1 capable Quicktime movie to individual output on Firebox 6X10 . It essentially turn my Mac into a PC that can play Quick time movies with sourround sound . I think I just found a perfect replacement sound card for anyone who 's Mac needs 5.1 surround sound capability.Next step , I want to see if I can use Firebox 6X10 with Final Cut pro . This way I can creat Quicktime movie with surround sound and play it back on my Mac . I also want to use it with the Mac DVD player , too.After two months of use , I had not find any problem , the sound quality is actually better than my Mac G4 sound output when it was new . I am impressed.I will recommend Firebox to anyone . -------------------------------------------------------------- This is an update on my use of Presonus Firebox since 7 months ago -LRB- Dec , 2007 -RRB- . I was able to use Firebox with Toast 9 , Sound pro , QT and Final Cut Pro without any problem . These software recognized Firebox right away without having to do anything . Now I can do sound recording directly with my video editing and music editing . It also allows me to record voice over for translation of dialogue in the video . I am going to buy one for my Mac Pro Xeon quad .
 Pros
 I wanted compact and easy to use ... that 's what I got . Sturdy little box with all the inputs I needed for my mobile recording set-up . So far so good . Plugged it in and it synced up with my Mac immediately . Like the Firewire powered option . Really helps in keeping the number of power supplies I needed to carry around to a minimum . Still getting a handle on the gain controls but so far I 've been pretty happy with it . Would have liked a more comprehensive instruction booklet , but I hear that I can get that online somewhere . I LOVE the compact size and the fact that the phones send gets loud enough to really hear what 's going on . In fact , watch out , it can get TOO loud . Definitely happy with my purchase .
 I am very happy with this box . I bought it along with the E-mU Xboard 49 Controller and between the two I 've had my hands full learning Cubase LE -LRB- bundled with the firebox -RRB- and sifting through the 2,000 or so sounds that the Xboard bundles with ProteusX LE . It is more than enough for an entry-level home studio . It 's a blast being able to record through the MIDI and hooking up the guitar to the Firebox and layering in new tracks . My only complaint is that I have to turn the gain almost all the way up when I hook up my electric guitar but it 's not a problem . Maybe other things will come up as I learn more and do more advanced things with it but by then I 'll probably want to graduate to a next-level product anyway . Great box to start with without exceeding my budget . By the way , amazon has it for less than any of the reputable internet dealers that I 've bought from before and that I went to first when shopping around for this . Delivery was faster than what was anticipated .
 I bought the Firebox because I wanted to do some decent quality demos for music that I 've been writing with a couple other musicians . I got more than I anticipated when I plugged this into my computer . The setup was very simple and I highly recommend it for any one who is n't particularly computer savvy . The actual program that comes with the Firebox , Cubase LE , is a little complex for people who do n't have any recording experience . However , the tutorial and the help menu within the program are very helpful and if you take the time to read them it will make working with Cubase LE that much easier.As I said before I got much more than I anticipated with this product . The sound quality is very professional sounding and the options available to the user with the interface and Cubase are well worth the money . The interface itself is also pretty simple to figure out and use once installed . The number of inputs limit how many mics you can record at once , so it would make it pretty difficult to fully capture the sound of an entire drumset , but there is a drum machine included with the program that provides a decent amount of drum loops . There are also some effects and processors that come with Cubase , however , not all of them are great , but most of them give the user a starting place . You can always buy more plug-ins to satisfy your needs if you want to , but as is , I believe this is a quality product to do some professional demoing with maybe even an entire record .
 I got this product because a buddy has the Audiobox , which is the USB version of this . I like the sound of the mic pre 's in it , so I went ahead and got this one , instead of just buying a mic pre . I had a serious amount of trouble with low gain output on this . I was pulling my hair out an finally found the issue on Presonus 's website . In order to be compliant with Apple 's firewire power standards , they had to lower the voltage rails on this device . This results in a MUCH lower output than its USB counterpart , This would be ok , with a condenser mic , but with a quiet mic like an SM57 , you actually have to buy an ADDITIONAL preamp to boost the gain . If I 'd know this , I would n't have bought this to begin with . So ... it IS a good piece of equipment and the A?D conversion quality is nice . But be aware of its limitations .
 For the price , it 's the best out there . It beats M-Audio and Apogee any day . Works great with a Mac . Most use it for vocals or guitar , but I used it with my Roland drum kit.It picked up all the sounds , perfect pitch.This is a top of the line brand , with something for those that are new to recording . Also great if you have a full board , and only need 2 inputs.It connects easily
 I bought this recording interface because I wanted to have the flexibility of recording more than 2 channels at a time , but without the expense of buying a pro audio interface . Do n't get me wrong , though , this is a powerful device , and it really does what it says it does . Although , if you want an audio interface for recording , I would recommend the Fire Studio Mobile . Instead of 6 line in and 10 line outs it has 10 line ins and 6 line outs . If you 're looking more into mixing with an analog console , then the firebox is for you . Price wise they 're pretty close to each other .
 Overall this is a nice little device . I have had trouble getting it to work well with Cakewalk Music Creator , but it works very well with the StudioOne software that comes with it . I have come to really like StudioOne as well since it is really easy to use and works well with presonus hardware.My only complaint with this device is that the preamps do n't have enough juice . I have to crank them almost all the way up and apply the software 10db boost in order to get my dynamic mic to peak . The mic I use is pretty cheap , so maybe if I had a higher quaily condenser I 'd have better luck , but if you are going to be using a cheap dynamic for vocal work or soft instruments , you may want to look into something different . That said , it is passable as long as you do n't mind using the software based boost.For the price , I think this is about the best Audio Interface you will find .
 When I purchased this product it was labeled as the PreSonus FireBox 6x10 . This turned out to be the same as the FireBox 6x8 . As far as I know , PreSonus does n't even make a 6x10 version -LRB- although maybe they used to -RRB- , but I bought it because it was way cheaper than any FireBox 6x8 . It is exactly the same.Product was shipped promptly and arrived within days . The FireBox is built well and seems like it can endure some rugged use -LRB- although I only use it in my home recording studio -RRB- . The pre-amps do improve recording quality and it is easy to adjust imput levels . For some reason , however , my mac does not recognize the 2 , 1/4 inch inputs in the back . I have n't needed to use these inputs yet , so I have n't looked into whether or not it is an issue with a computer setting or a hardware issue . Regardless of this problem , I think that the PreSonus Firebox is a great first audio interface for the aspiring home recorder . Understand that although this is not necessarily a professional grade product , it is certainly sufficient for good quality home recordings .
 I have used this box on a laptop and more recently on a desktop PC I built for audio recording -LRB- quad 9550 intel , 8 gig mushkin ram , GIGABYTE GA-EP45-UD3P -RRB- and it has been rock solid the entire time . The sound quality is a giant leap from using a consumer grade sound card - you will notice a difference . The mic pres are class-A and very clean . They do n't have a lot of gain , depending on what mic you use , so you may have to play around a bit to get a decent level.I have used this interface with Cubase and SONAR with no problems on my dedicated DAW . It uses firewire - get to know what firewire controller is on your motherboard and make sure it 's a T.I. TSB43AB23.If you are a solo musician looking for an affordable step up you ca n't go wrong.The next big step up is going to cost thousands more , so for the price I think you 'll be happy .
 I did n't think I would ever say this about any product from Steinberger , but CubeLE is terrible . I have used many different audio editing packages from Sony -LRB- both pro and acid -RRB- , Cool Edit -LRB- that turned into Adobe Audition -RRB- , Garage Band , and CubeLE is the worst . It has some neat features , but the simple stuff like setting an in-point , are just too complicated . And the manual and help files seem to be written for a musician turned recording engineer , and the lingo seems to be more computer lingo than audio lingo . The software for controlling levels that is from Presonus , is great , and the firebox turns into a great mixer , but CubeLE . junk ... One other problem is that the Firewire connection has to be 6 pin to power the firebox without a wall wart . I wanted to use the firebox to record nature sounds with a great shotgun mic . My computer only has a 4 pin firewire , so I have to use the wall wart to power the firebox . I decided to use a UPS , and plug the wall wart into the UPS . This way I can go remote . The Firebox works as advertised other than the power issues .
 The Firebox is a great small-portable studio interface . The mic pre 's are decent and many hook up options -LRB- midi , etc -RRB- . This little box has provided many hours of recording .
 I am using this with a AKG Perception 200 mic , and an ART pre amp . The sound is AMAZING . After listening to my brother use it and play it back , and working with it myself , I found that the sound is pretty much exactly what goes in . It even sounds a little better . I only found one problem . It has phantom power , but if you want to get your power from this box , be warned that the adapter makes a really high-pitched squeal -LRB- The same thing that many other adapters do , but I notice it pretty well in a quiet room -RRB- . If you want to use it for power , make sure it 's on the other side of the door .
 I have two Firepods , and am familiar with the quality/sound . You can do a ton of stuff with this little box . I currently use it with my MacBook Pro to mix albums will being away from home . Anyways , the pre-amps and converters are the best in this price range . I use a a pro version of Cubase 4 , but the version that comes with it will not let you down , and you can record quality tracks ! It 's the same as Cubase 4 , but stripped down to the basics . That 's all you need at the end of the day anyways .
 Our application was to play back 5 independent channels from a Macintosh or PC laptop for a talk . For this the Presonus Firebox 6x10 worked great . However , we initially had a problem due to our misunderstanding of one of the unit 's functions . Using the CuBase software supplied with the unit we were trying to playback 5 channels from the rear panel which has 6 single-channel phone-plug outputs . The trouble was only channels 3 - 6 worked . As a work-around , we initally used the headphone output on the front panel to substitute for channels 1 & 2 . However , we called Presonus customer support , and they claimed to replicate our problem . Their diagnosis was that the problem was the CuBase control software that they supply with the unit but do n't guarantee . However , we found out on our own that the MAIN LEVEL knob on the front panel needed to be turned up to enable channels 1 & 2 . After that everything was OK , even on our Mac . My feeling was that Presonus ' customer support was very responsive , but they should have suggested turning up the knob in the first place , instead of blaming the problem on the software . Now that this problem is solved we are very happy with the quality of this multi-channel playback box , which operates using firewire on a Mac or PC .
 I initially wanted a M-audio firewire 410 before getting this , but then I found the reviews for the M-audio device were rather low ... so I got this one.This thing works pretty good . There is sometimes a little popping , but I think it 's because of my novice-level of recording . This thing hardly has any delay at all . It could be my system , which is above-average powerful . That was my main concern ; latency . I do really like the fact that this thing is hot-plug as opposed to the earlier mentioned device.This thing is incredibly easy to figure out , although the manual it comes with is very sparse . The manual did help me set this thing up , it 'll especially help if you 're new at this stuff.Anyways , this is a great item , check it out ... it also looks nice with the blue and grey .
 I am using a hackintosh which is the macintosh OS on a pc . So I needed a good sound card for my pro audio software . This Firebox sounds great . It is loud without distorting . It is so easy to get at all of the knobs and it was picked up with no problems by the Mac os . I did have to load the latest drivers in order to get sync.I would have given it 5 stars but unfortunately since it is a small box , it not rack mounted . Well the 1/4 '' input plugs on the front are too tight on my unit so it requires a great deal of force in order to get them out.This is something I 'm willing to overlook unless it later becomes a problem.I would definitely recommend this product . I just wish protools would enable this product like they do with the m audio . I read mixed reviews on the m audio so I got this instead . So I just use logic and reason .
 This popper stopper is very sturdy & seems like it can last a lifetime . It is actually a lot more heavy duty than it looks .
 For any dj that is trying to figure out what to get , look no further.The DJM-400 is hands down one of the best mixers an amateur can get a hold of . It has most of the features of the higher end DJMs , but with a lot less confusion.It 's very simple to start with the 400 . 2 channels , cross fader , eq ... It even comes with several effects , all of which are processed at a high quality and sound amazing , even when you crank the effect level up all the way.It 's built like a tank , but it sure is a lovely sight to look at.For the dj on the rise , i recomend you get one of these , and a pair of CDJ-400 and you will be all set to rock out a killer set .
 On par with Pioneer quality . Do n't think I need to say more . Nice little mixer , especially for beginners.I find about 3/7 of the effects mostly useless . Would be nice to have more -LRB- useful -RRB- effects . I guess that 's where the DJM600 and DJM800 come in.Overall , very well designed product .
 The DJM-400 is a fantastic little mixer . I have had mine for over a year now , and have not had a single problem with it . I appreciate the great onboard effects and the ability to quickly snap/sync the effects to the beat of the music . Onboard phrase sampling is superb in full CD quality . Smooth faders and knobs , adjustable crossfade characteristics , and feather-light crossfader give it a great feel.I do n't like the fact that there is n't an XLR input for the mic and there are no XLR outputs for your mains , only RCA.I highly suggest getting the CDJ-400 's with this mixer , they were meant to go together .
 the best mixer ever plan on buying another one soon it has so manny great things and sounds effects too
 I love this mixer and the effects . I sometimes use it to eq some of my older cd tracks . Sure it 's only got a 3 band eq , but I find it sounds better than some of the DJ eqs I have owned . Pioneer is truly quality . One thing about this mixer is that it will not lose value . I still see them going for top dollar on certain sites . I never did receive the manual for mine , but if you 're into music , you 'll figure it all out .
 I have had my mixer for several years now . I was kind of surprised at how short the manual was and I did n't feel like the manual really inspired me to experiment with the , so with that it 's left up to you . The mixer is small , heavy , and just ... I really marvel it . There are times when I go `` wholly , crap ... $ 6oo dollars ... $ 600 dollars , I could have bought a mixer/turntable/speakers combo for that much . So for a starting out DJ ... I would not recommend this mixer . There are cheaper mixers with about the same effects and with technology getting better every 6 weeks , there will be a lot of knock offs . This mixer DOES NOT HAVE KILL SWITCHES ... which I over use too much anyway . The roll feature is not only a ROLL feature , but you can change the length of the roll to about 4 beats or to a constant hum and is has a sampler . there are 5 banks for samples and each bank holds about 4 beats -LRB- Depending on what the BPM -LRB- Beats Per Minute -RRB- is . The lower the BPM the more memory it takes up and you get less banks to store them in . After a year of buying this mixer I kept questioning myself and up till a year ago I finally stopped . This is quality and I paid for it . Why would I go spend it on a mixer that I know will have a broken knob in a year ??? I love the EQ -LRB- Equalizer knobs-High , Mid , Low -RRB- on this as well.-Thanks
 Seems like a decent keyboard bag , have n't had too many chances to use it yet . My only gripe is that there is no regular handle to lift it from in the middle , where the shoulder straps are . Your only option is to use the shoulder straps . The two big pockets are pretty handy for carrying power cords and the sustain pedal .
 Great bag for WK3xxx which is pretty heavy . Lot of room to keep extra stuff , or add more bubble wraps for transporting . I sometimes even put my stand in there . The best thing I like is the side handles on both sides , two person can easily carry -LRB- this is not mentioned in description , nor did I see it in picture , so this was bonus -RRB- . I always have a friend or family member to help me carry , so I was extremely thrilled to see this . -LRB- Apparently , the side handles does not exist on the smaller version of this bag . -RRB- The middle handles/Shoulder Straps does not look well designed to handle the heavy load of WK3xxx -LRB- they should have been angled -RRB- . So if one person is carrying it , all the load seems to come on few stitches . If only one person is going to carry it , and use it lot of times , this will not last long . Otherwise , this would have been a 5 star .
 Excellent product.I had many doubts in the moment to choose which audio interface to buy . Finally , I decided on Yamaha Go46 , a brand recognized throughout the world by the quality of his products of audio and ... . I was not wrong . Incredible in everything
 I realize that these are n't for sale in the US any longer , so if you can find one of these on Ebay or Craigslist I really recommend it as an alternative to all of the other M-Audio , Presonus , Tascam , etc interfaces in this price class ; be they USB 2.0 or Firewire . This is a really great little interface , and I 'm delighted that I found one.The ASIO drivers work as beautifully as they should , and I can get down to 3.6 ms latency on Vista -LRB- only 32 bit drivers at the moment -RRB- running Sonar 8 Producer on an HP DV9000 laptop with Athlon Turion X2 Dual Core 2.0 Ghz and 4MB DDR2 . No hiccups , no clicks or pops ... when I hear reviewers complaining about such things I always wonder if they are setting up the system correctly . Keep a responsible eye on your audio settings and you should never have an issue.The GO46 ships with older drivers , but Yamaha has updated them -LRB- at least to 32 bit Vista -RRB- online and so downloading them is necessary if you 're using a more recent OS . However , installation and use has been flawless for me.Keep in mind that though this is a bus-powered unit , that only works when you have a six-pin input on your DAW . If you 're like me and need to use the 6-pin to 4-pin adapter , you 'll need to plug yourself into some electricity . Kind of a bummer , but I do n't think I 'll be recording at the beach or in the woods so I 'm OK with that ... The build quality is excellent , and it is made for being moved around . The aluminum chassis keeps it from feeling like it will fall apart , and all connections are tight and strong . The power supply feels like it weighs more than the interface itself . But like every other bit of Yamaha stuff I 've ever owned , this is a quality piece.The preamps on this are SUPER clean . I particularly like that each of the two preamps has independent gain and Phantom power , so I can plug my condenser into channel one for vocals and my Guild F50R with a K&K ; Trinity western pickup into channel two simultaneously . Some interfaces only allow for using Phantom on all inputs or none , so do a little digging when looking at specs if this is important to you.For a 4-in , 6-out interface this has all the basics covered after the mic pre 's with MIDI , insert -LRB- thank you ! -RRB- and optical digital . The monitor outs are another quality touch that is appreciated either in the studio with powered nearfields or live if you use monitor speakers when gigging . The independent headphone output could be a tad louder , but that is a minor issue on my part.I compared this to all the comparable interfaces by Tascam , Presonus , M-Audio , Mackie , Echo and E-mu -LRB- the 1616M was the only thing that came close spec-wise minus the built-in DSP -RRB- , and this was the clear winner for me . Given that these started at $ 430 MSRP , then dropped well beneath that and are now no longer available , if you can find one I would go for it . I found mine new and unused on Ebay for $ 150 - what a steal for a piece of kit like this .
 The Yamaha GO46 just sounds good . I 've had several other USB and Firewire interfaces , including an RME FW800 . Yeah , the RME is a little smoother , but just for the sound out of the box , I 'd gladly work with the GO46 . It 's simple to operate , and sounds much better than the PreSonus/M-audio stuff that is it 's competition . It has enough clean gain to drive dynamic mics , such an SM7b , or a 421 . I 've also used it successfully with a ribbon mic on banjo . I 'm pleased with how quiet it is when the gain is pushed . If the Yamaha has enough inputs and outputs for you , and you can find one out there for $ 150 - $ 200 , you 'll be happy with it . I ca n't figure out why Yamaha made these for a while , kept fairly quiet about it , then discontinued them .
 GRAVEEE !!! Necesito los seriales de los discos que viene en la caja del aparato . Perd&iacute; sus respectivas cajitas de papel.Estos son los software Cubase LE , HALion SE , and Groove Agent SEPor otra parte el aparato lleg&oacute; en excelente condiciones y se ve super bien -LRB- muy bueno aparentemente - a&uacute;n mo lo he probado -RRB- . Soy de Caracas Venezuela .
 This product is great , you can use it to mount your POD on your amp , desktop or mic stand . It is very sturdy and does perfectly what it was designed to do . You wo n't regret purchasing it .
 I do n't know what about you , but I have the unfortunate habit of `` losing '' my picks while I 'm playing loud and hard . So this is an ideal solution if you 're like me . -LRB- And do n't want to embarass yourself by having to look for your pick at the end of each song while on stage . -RRB- But I must say that it 's the slide holder that made me buy it . It 's quite handy once you get the hang of it , cos keeping the slide in your mouth until you need it makes one look plain silly ... -LRB- =
 The pick holder fits on the microphone stand with the glowing slide holder at the top , and if you buy glowing picks you are set up for any dark atmosphere .
 It easily clamps to you mic stand and gives you a place to put your slide , having where to put extra picks is also great
 Great product , the best for rehearsal and live performance , can hold around 5 picks and the slide holder works perfect . this product is awesome
 For that price unbelievable value no question . You will be able to record quickly after installation . Tasty layouts easy to navigate good sounds and loops effects etc. drag and drop ease . Its still very new for me but so far what I have done , incredible . For quick songwriting ideas ideal . Similar to Live Lite . If you need a pro studio though get Pro Tools or Cubase 4 . Sequel is designed for use with Vista so no worrys there . Tracks are only limited by how powerful your System is . Steinberg is a great company , I love Cubase and I have been using them since the 90 's with a -LRB- ready for this -RRB- Commodore Computer ... btw for more info visit youtube and there you will find a 10 min demo of this software . After watching it I have a feeling you will buy it ! 100.00 or less ... I dont think you can go wrong ... . For Musicians and Songwriters or for a hobby , or even young kids a must have .
 I 've really been enjoying using this program . It 's got a nice library of sounds and instruments to use , and once you figure out how to make it all work , it works reasonably well.First , the bad stuff
 I 've always wanted to buy this product but could n't find it anywhere . Then I thought of Amazon.com and there it was . It was a pleasure as always dealing with Amazon . They get it right !
 Professional and full sounding . Just what I was looking for . Great for Anderson 's SLEIGH RIDE and August Burns Red CAROL OF THE BELLS .
 The current sleigh bells by Ludwig are exactly the same as the ones I bought in 1970 and still use . People constantly comment that they are the only ones that have a pleasing instead of harsh sound . In December they go everywhere I go . As I was walking out of Starbucks recently while playing them the store broke into applause . It was a great moment .
 The Ludwig LE-97 Sleigh Bells are very beautifully made of one piece of turned hardwood , with beautifully sounding sleigh bells mounted on all four sides and the top . The sound is mesmerizing and surely this product is the gold standard among all sleigh bells on a stick . I highly recommend this product . It will last a lifetime and longer . I am a pianist and play for many social events . I always take along my bag of about 30 rhythmn instruments and especially during December , I always include 2 or 3 of this Ludwig Sleigh Bell Stick , the party guests love participating in the musical fun .
 Thick and heavy-duty . They look great too . Nice heavy ends as well . Great bang for the buck in the strap-world !
 Just took it out of the box . 30 minutes to setup with not a many problems , took like 7 USB recognitions . I never used the first one but this one is quite awesome . I am not a pro , just guy with a lotta mp3s and a dream.Long story short , you can scratch your mp3s and this makes the system for me . It might not be pro quality but then again you are spending 250 bucks and you are n't buying all that vinyl . Almost on the financial perspective along I would pretty much give it the 5 stars.Okay , I have been futzing with it for like 1 month now . It freakin rocks . I just did my NYE party with it and everyone was entertained . Just showing this system to certain people gets a jaw dropping effect , `` You can do what ?!!? '' is the common reaction.You can loop sounds , set up to 5 cue points per track , and it does a pretty good job guesstimating the BPMs for you . The guesstimation is pretty good because it gives you more felxibility . Instead of just always remembering the same sons that match you see all the songs plus or minus . This is really helpful in fleshing out `` mental database '' . -LRB- I have like 5k songs so it is easy to get lost . -RRB- The one gripe so far is the BPM estimator engine has a tendency to hang on certain songs . This in turn jams up the whole process and forces you to shut the computer down without saving the info . IE , you are at song 495 of 500 when it hiccups . You lose all previous estimation of the 495 . This is a software problem that should not dissuade you from the buying the product.Final thoughts
 If you are , like me , a casual , amateur DJ -LRB- or , heck even a professional -RRB- looking for a decent price controller to laptop DJ with , give this one serious consideration . For those thinking of going one step down with the cheaper basic controller , DO N'T unless you already have a good , second soundcard , because despite being cheaper , you 'll STILL have to come up with a way of being able to preview tracks in headphone , which you CAN NOT do with the basic Hercules controller . And the addition of those preview features on this model are irreplaceable.Now , before I review this thing in earnest , there 's ONE BIG caveat all customers must know . The MK2 DOES NOT WORK WITH WINDOWS VISTA UNLESS YOU USE A SPECIFIC VERSION OF THE VIRTUAL DJ SOFTWARE . Unfortunately , it does n't work in Vista with any other DJ software , and none of the `` pro '' versions of VDJ . It only works with the downloadable Vista version of VDJ 3.4 . Otherwise , you wo n't get headphone preview.That might sound like a big thing if you use Vista , but really ... it is n't . The version of VDJ that works with the controller is very good and has all of the core features the Pro version has , for the most part , even the interface if you really want to use it.Now that that 's out of the way , the unit itself : You can see the controls and everything in the pics , so that 's pretty much self-explanatory . The main downsides of the unit are that the pitch is a knob instead of a slider -LRB- it takes more effort to alter pitch this way , unless you screw with the MIDI sensitivity -RRB- , there is no `` gain '' knob on the unit itself , and there is no master volume control on the unit . In other words , you can not control the master volume of the mix being send out from the unit itself , only by using the channel volumes.Even with those flaws , it 's still a very solid and well designed mixer for being so compact and small . It IS true that you have to be a little careful when using it so as not to bump the wheels -LRB- at first I thought the unit was malfunctioning during playback , but it was just me nudging the wheels -RRB- , but you get used to it very quickly.The headphone port allows you to preview Deck A or B , or listen to the mix as it 's going out , or split each channel by volume into each ear , pretty standard mixer stuff.The buttons on the top part of the mixer allow you to control the looping ability , effects , and cue points all in one place by using a button to alternate what you 're doing . Once you read the manual and practice , you 'll get the hang of the buttons , which are actually quite usefully implemented , especially for looping.The joystick in the middle allows you to use the music browser OR emulate as a mouse and control your desktop . To be honest , I do n't think anyone will use this since using a small mouse or trackball is 500 times faster and more intuitive . But , if you want a mouse emulator on your mixer , you 've got one.The jog wheels manipulate the tracks record-style , but I honestly ca n't comment on how good they are for scratching . I do n't play rap or hip-hop or anything that involves scratching , so I ca n't speak for how useful the scratching is . To me , personally , it did n't seem exact or precise enough to live up to the demands of a scratcher/turntablist , and certainly not the mixing controls . But , that 's just my opinion.You can manually mix tracks by just using the on-screen waveform displays and trying to match up beats and sync BPMs , which is actually pretty damn precise . Or , alternately you can use the auto-sync ability which saves you a lot of effort and , for me at least , seems to work 95 % of the time with absolute accuracy . . even when you start/stop a track many times . The software included is basically identical to most other version of Virtual DJ , only the interface is different and not as easy to manipulate with a mouse since they probably figure you 'll be using the controller , which is understandable . But all the on-board effects , samples , and recording are handled the same way . Unfortunately , I could n't figure out how to integrate iTunes playlists which kinda sucks , but it 's not a big enough deal to knock down the software too much.The buttons do have some lights and they do glow a little bit , but there 's now way you could actually use the unit in dark conditions like that , so if you DO have plans to bring this into some dark club or something , bring a small , clip-on booklight or something to see the knobs and the top controls.The whole thing runs solely on USB power which is awesome since it means less cables and crap to carry around , although you CAN externally power it if you want a little more oomph in the amplification department . -LRB- you have the get the plug yourself , though -RRB- It comes with a 1/4th headphone adapter for the main jack , one set of 1/8th-to-stereo - RCA cables , a carrying strap for the mixer , and cool little plastic cover that attaches to the back of the mixer to give some height and angle while you 're using it , than goes onto the front when you 're not using it to protect all the dials and such.The back of the unit actually has 4 sets of outs depending on how you want to use it -LRB- the main set of outs is how you have to send out to master speakers -RRB- and then two additional inputs if you want to use the console like a plain mixer and mix from other sources outside the computer.For all the good things about this powerful little unit , the few flaws in the interface really are n't a huge deal at all . It really brings DJing within an affordable range and unlike some packages , does n't come with crappy software or underpowered stuff just so it can say `` for beginners . '' This is a very solid laptop mixer , no question.Right now , the biggest issue is , as I said , that it only works in Windows Vista with the special Vista version of VDJ 3.4 . If you use XP , it should work in any version , basic or Pro , of VDJ and also work with numerous other DJ programs if you do n't want to use the included VDJ.As I do n't use timecoded , external vinyl , I ca n't review the ASIO drivers and how that works with it , but it does support it.ADDENDUM
 I have had this product for 4 months now and I have to say that I am very pleased with all of the features it offers . At first I was skeptical about using MP3s because I have migrated from using Vinyl to CDs and I love using both of those types of media . But within the first hour of using this product I was amazed at how much easier it would make life for me . I store all of my music on an External Hard drive and I plan to convert tall of my Vinyl to MP3using this product . There are more expensive units out there when this one which cost less can do the job . An additional reason why I choose this unit as appose to the Vestax unit was the Vestax requires the use of a midi interface where the Hercules is a sound card so no interface is required . It just plugs and plays and plays very well indeed . I 've made tons of cd 's usin this thing and I have even done the score for a play and for a body building routine . The possibilities with this thing are endless .
 My girlfriend got one of these for me for my birthday , in lieu of a real -LRB- and rather expensive rig -RRB- , and it 's great . It does allow you to mix your MP3 's and it does so pretty well . If you are thinking about using this as an actual mixer to do real work on ... I do n't know what to tell you except `` That 's Kind of Bad Idea Although Technically You Can '' . What this is good for is `` screwing around/practice '' or `` My First DJ Mixer '' because you do n't need to invest in all that equipment , and it 'll work off whatever MP3 's you 've got laying around . And from what I understand this is about the best one you can get.My only real complaint is that the physical piece itself is kind of bo-bo . You end up needing to use your computer for like 90 % of what you 'll need to do . And the instructions sucked . Eventually I found the keyboard shortcuts in the horribly designed menu in the actual software and I found what I needed . On top of that the buttons on this are little close together so even when you do use the joystick you 'll occasionally bump into a jog wheel , but that 's life I guess . I would have really liked for the joystick to be more functional . Would have made this a bit more fun . Oh well . At the end of the day it does what it 's supposed to.Couple of things to note before you buy :1 . -RRB- There is a version of this that just comes with a USB connection . DO NOT BUY THAT ONE . Yes , it 's cheaper but it also does n't come with any external ports so you ca n't preview AT ALL . So it 's effectively useless . Get this version .2 . -RRB- This does not support AAC files of ANY kind . So if you 're thinking about buying all kinds of crap on iTunes and mixing it ... you 're SOL .
 Length :
 compact , good for beginners , integrates well with virtualDJgood value for money - one of the better portable equipment in the market
 First of all , I chose this cause the rmx was out of my price range . This is a solid machine that does exactly what I want it to do . I was familiar with Virtual DJ so right out of the box I was mixing . Great for beginners and hobbyist . -LRB- sp ? -RRB- The buttons are a little stiff -LRB- pause -RRB- but I 'm getting use to it . It is hard to scratch with but if you learn the machine and software , you can pull of some tight scratches . -LRB- looping + crossfader -RRB- To get your money 's worth from this console , definetly get the full version of Virtual DJ .
 Being an amateur and not wanting to shell out $ 800 + for a mixer , sound card , and software that would be too much , I decided to get this `` toy '' that has everything out-of-the-box , works great , and it 's less than most MIDI controllers out there -LRB- do n't pay more than $ 250 -RRB- Pros : - It 's compact , fits everywhere , comes with a carring strap and protecting shell , I stick it in my back pack along with my laptop and I 'm a dj anywhere my backpack goes.-Quick set up , installed software and I was up and running in less than 10 minutes.-Easy to use , comes with VDJ that is simple enough , it also works with TRAKTOR 3 , although you have to buy that on your own , which I opted to upgrade to . Still VDJ does the job just fine , no need to buy stuff you do n't need.-Pretty durable , I 've taken it many places , it has a plastic/metal casing that is stronger that it looks.Cons : - Small unit , not a lot of space for more knobs . I wish it had more controls , since it is a basic set up , it 's great for starting out , but once you get deep into mixing and adding effects , loops , etc , you will want exclusive knobs for each function . It can still do effects and everything , but you have to learn the combination of button and knobs to make sure it does it right . It can get complicated when doing this in the middle of your mix.All in all it is a great unit , it has a ton of options for input/output , you can use it as a mixer , or just a sound card , you can do an elaborate setup with your CD players/Ipod/vinyl pluged into it and still mix that with your laptop 's MP3s , no other mixer in this price range has this many setup options . Well worth it 's price .
 Another late review from me ... I bought this product to use at clubs that had their own equipment since I could plug this basic mixer into theirs and allowed my to use my laptop 's music and video library . I would also use it in small bars with my 10in powered speakers . I almost immediately upgraded to the hercules RMX and now the Steel as they were more professional and less of a toy . My intentions were to move from using cd 's and LP 's to digital files and integrate it with my analog gear . You could use this mixer strickly as a sound card but you will have to buy and noise filter -LRB- about $ 20 - $ 25 -RRB- to reduce ground noice generated . You can get them at best buy or radio shack , even here . If you are just starting out as a Digital DJ , its a good a idea to carry one with you regardless whether you buy this product . Now I do n't need a noise filter since the Hercules RMX or even the new Hercules Deejay trim sound card do n't generate this noise . Hercules -LRB- guillemot -RRB- a great company making great products for DJ 's at a price you can afford . My advice , buy this product with the intention for the home or to practice your skills . Otherwise upgrade to their more professional products . Do n't get me wrong , I have friends in small cities that use this to plug into the club gear , but no one will take you seriously with it . Have fun and none the less , a great starter mixer/sound card .
 I want to do some justice to the item since the only two reviews are sort of ridiculous . To address them ; I did n't notice anything atypical about the leather end pieces and the one-star reviewer should have read the product information before he bought.It 's a decent quality strap and if you like how it looks you should pretty much know exactly what you 're getting .
 Looks great and feels great . All my straps are Dunlops ! This one is especially comfortable because it has a very slight &#34; give &#34; to it . Nice and long too ~ !
 i find the gemini tt-02 to be a fine product for the relatively meager price . the only drawback is that the turntable is rather large - really quite large - but as I do not leave it out on display - i only take it out when I play LPs - then it all works out fine . would have liked a hard shell dust cover - but that was not included . sound quality is good and the functionality of the table is smooth and much better than my former belt-drive model . i would highly recommend the product despite the obvious quibbles !
 Late winter 2006 I heard Bob Edwards interviewing Patty Larkin re
 Upon buying and receiving this starter pack for my daughters 10th birthday , we were intially very happy . It is a beautiful blue guitar that sounded amazing right out of the box . Although it is a small thing the decals that were to be included were missing and to my 10 yr old it was an important item . I quickly emailed the company and awaited the response . The only response I got was a newsletter and monthly advertisments -- no answer as to how to get the decals or if we even could . After a week I proceeded to call the company and was told -LRB- rather rudely -RRB- that the woman I was speaking with did n't handle that and she would transfer me to someone who did . I have since left 2 voicemails and have gotten no response . I do n't understand the problem here I payed over $ 200 for this kit and expect everything to be in the package . If I had known it was going to be such a problem I would have packeaged it all back up and exchanged it . Will update when I hear anything .
 This a good starter pack you have your pics , strings , and everything . It 's the best !
 One of the core problems with analog and virtual analog synthesizers is how the player should rout signals from sources to destinations . Classic modular synths used patch cables . The EMS Synthi introduced the compact routing matrix . Virtual analog synthesizers like Massive have generally followed one of these two paths.Massive follows the plug metaphor , but adds two enhancements . First , the `` cables '' are dropped in favor of numbered sources . You click on the sources number , then click on the destination . The number shows up under the destination . No messy virtual cables to get in the way of the interface.The next enhancement is that the degree to which a modulation source impacts a parameter is set at the site of the parameter . You get a circular bar graph that shows your setting , so you can tell at a glance which sources impact a given parameter and how much each source contributes .
 These sound so warm and have a beautiful timbre . No need to slam these together . A light touch is perfect . Any kind of these will crack if one hits them too hard .
 Bought this Violin Case to alter into a AK-47 DRACO gun case , it worked wonderfully!It is a strong and well built case . The 20 '' long DRACO fit into the 22 '' case very nicely , with no wobble room . I had to pull the liner out , break away some of the styrofoam under the black velvet liner , but I was able to re-use the beautiful liner to showcase the DRACO .
 This product is stellar . It is everything the manufacturer claims it to be . Solid alluminum constrction , excellent glides , decent lock , nice rack fit . I would n't be afraid of any product marketed by Middle Atlantic .
 This strap is a good not too stiff plain black leather strap . Very comfortable and breaks in pretty fast .
 If I were a cow I wouldhope to be a Perri 's leather strap when I go to the great pasture in the sky !
 i love this strap , i use it with my bass which is n't extremely heavy , but hey , its a bass . its just wide enough for a great fit over your shoulder . the leather is good quality , a sexy sleek black with the satisfying smell every time you pick up your instrument . my only concern is that it grips your shirt really well -LRB- the bottom side is a little rougher -RRB- which is a really good thing because it prevents the neck of the guitar from shifting position when you let go of it , but it does tend to bunch up your shirt on your shoulder a tad if its not placed right , but hey , maby its better when its more broken in . sounds scary , but its not , its benefits far outweigh the small drawback , great buy , go for it .
 This is a great harmonica for someone just wanting to play a tune , not as a professional , but for their own enjoyment . Not for someone wanting to do advanced techniques like `` bending '' notes . The double row of holes gives a fuller sound .
 I bought this cheaper version thinking to replace my old long lost Echo double sided harmonica . It 's been so long since I 've played this style , but this one seems to take a lot of air volume . I will buy the $ 100.00 double sided one & give a better review or comparison later on .
 Excellent instrument and is one I 'm proud of . Easy to play - you just breathe ! Even beginners can enjoy this one .
 ERA UN REGALO PARA UN HERMANO , PUES YO NO SE TOCAR HARMONICAS , ME DIJO QUE ESTABA MUY BIEN , PERO QUE ESPERABA UN PRODUCTO FABRICADO EN ALEMANIA . EL PRODUCTO ES CHINO . NO TENGO NADA CONTRA ELLOS Y SEGUN MI HERMANO ES UN EXCELENTE PRODUCTO , PERO SE DEBE SABER DONDE LO FABRICAN ANTES DE COMPRARLO .
 I ordered these bells as a last minute party favor to give out at my 1 year old 's birthday party in December . There were a big cross section of children at the party -LRB- 6 months - 12 years -RRB- and EVERYONE ... . adults included , could enjoy the bells and LOVED them ! They are very well made and felt safe for all of the babies to play . They make a beautiful sleigh sound . One 6 year old told me that she had requested from Santa some bells from his sleigh and her mother was tickled pink that we had found these and were giving them out -LRB- ... . mark that off of the list for `` Santa '' -RRB- . My father asked during the party why I was giving away such expensive bells and he was shocked to find out how inexpensive they were . I could not be more pleased with a purchase ... . nor could the kids . You know they are magic bells !
 i bought loads of musical instuments for my daughters but this was my personal favourite . easy to hold , not ear piercing , can be used at Christmas for santa 's arrival & departure and does n't take up alot of room .
 We bought this for our one year old for Christmas . He loves it . It makes a nice , loud sound with little effort on his part . The other kids always steal it to play while singing `` Jingle Bells . '' Great bells .
 Our son was 1 yr . old when he got this for Christmas ! I do n't know many children that does n't like anything that makes noise . He really enjoys this still when he spots it every once in awhile .
 I purchased a bunch of these for our children 's choir to use at church . They have held up wonderfully and the kids just love using them . The product is built very well and is of surprisingly good quality considering how inexpensive these are . Go for it - you wo n't be sorry !
 Very sturdy and well made . Not much to say , they made a 18 month old very happy at Christmas !
 Bach 36 w / f attachment is a great instrument . Has superb tone , and mine is 15 + years old . Still in great shaped and used daily ! Highly reccomend this instrument . Great gift !
 A standard and must-have for any pedal steel player . Way more sustain than any other steel . A little big for my small hands though .
 This arrived earlier than expected and looks just like the image on screen . It is a great prop to have in a classroom . The guido is very sturdy .
 I have quite a few slides and this by far has to be the best for lap/non-pedal/pedal steel guitar slide work . The weight gives a solid tone and sustain you just ca n't get with anything that slides on your finger .
 This is a heavy 7.5 Oz bar which adds gusto to the tone of my vintage Vega Hawaiian Guitar . It took a few days to master the extra weight , but the sound is worth it . I also use a flat steel bar I modified from 1/4 '' steel plate . A very fine bar indeed .
 This is a well-made product , and for many people I am sure it is the bar of choice for playing lap steel or pedal steel . I found it to be too awkward to use , and prefer a slide that has a groove for your finger , since it is easier to manipulate . This bar is great however for the left hand muting of the strings , since you hand naturally rests on the strings behind the bar . .
 ive had this case for about a year now and its done great for me its really durable and doesnt feel cheap at all
 Great case , will stand up well to a 10 year old , I wished I would of saw this first , before i bought a soft sided one that only lasted 4 month , case is still very lite . Seller was excellent to deal with .
 it feels kind of cheap , but it is , and it works well . so , if you 're on a budget it 's worth it
 What is the real dimension of this keyboard bag ? Product design lists it much larger .
 GREAT SOUND ! No need to kill yourself while playing to get the sound you want . Looks awesome , but that 's the reason why i bought it .
 This bag is everything everyone said , except I thought the padding would be better . It seems MUCH thinner than I expected it to be . That was my only disappointment , the rest of it is fine . Still good for the price .
 My 9 y/o son has been playing guitar in his school band for two years . He has gone through many of the soft bags . We were going to buy a hard case until we saw this advertised . The bag is very sturdy . My son plays a 3/4 guitar and this bag fits it well without being too tight . The material is thicker and the patting is around 1/4 of an inch thick . The seams are reinforced with webbing . It has both `` backpack '' handles and the single suitcase handle , so it is easy for my son to get it in and out of the car . The pocket on the body of the bag expands to be at least an inch thick and can hold a standard sized folder . We have had the case for 2 weeks and it has shown no signs of wear . I would highly reccommend this bag .
 Got this case for my 8 year old sons 3/4 size guitar . It fits perfectly with plenty of wiggle room so that it 's not stuffed in . The backpack straps are his favorite part . The pocket holds his folder , music , book and picks . Durable and excellent for the price . I highly recommend it . I think some of the negative reviews were from those who did n't realize that it 's for a 3/4 size and their full size guitar did n't fit .
 My daughter loves this case because she can carry her guitar like a budding `` rock star '' on her back and fit her papers and books in the front pouch . Very functional . Is what it is .
 pleased with purchase . . well worth the price . . bag will be used to protect guitar when not using in home .
 This World Tour Acoustic Guitar Bag for 3/4 Size Guitar is a wonderful product . I reccomenc this to anyone who is looking for a guitar bag plus a pocket to keep your guitars accessories in . It fits tuners , gutar books and othe useful things you may need while playing guitar . It 's good quality and not made cheaply . Definitely buy it , do n't think twice .
 This soft sided acoustic guitar case is perfect for the 3/4 size guitar . The knapsack type straps are a great plus!The description did not specify the type of straps , and this was exactly what I was looking for .
 My son loves the guitar case . He carries it on his back , and it holds all his music ... it works for me !
 This suits fine for my son 's &#34; Guitar . Provides decent amount of padding which protects the guitar from accidental bumps . We chose this size because we 're aware that our son would soon graduate from his current guitar and eventually move up to a 3/4 &#34; .
 Bought a guitar case for my 8 year-old . It 's a great case for kids with shoulder straps and place for music books . Shipped fast and arrived as ordered with no problems .
 Warning
 The gig bag fit the Hohner HW03 3/4 Sized Steel String Acoustic Guitar I purchased for my nephew just fine .
 Guitar fit with some room so it isn , t hard to put guitar in it has a lot of room for strins and pics and tuner
 This item arrived before the guitar . Well packaged , in good condition , at a reasonable price . It is perfect for the Hohner 3/4 guitar I purchased .
 I bought this guitar gig bag for 3/4 inches from my son and as I look . The quality is also quite good , exactly as expected for the price it has .
 I bought this gig bag for my son 's 1/2 size dreadnought guitar . His guitar is a large 1/2 size -LRB- actually more like a 5/8 size -RRB- , and it snugly fits in this gig bag . A 3/4 guitar would probably fit in this bag , but it would be a very snug fit . The bag is of good construction with a nice bit of padding -LRB- nowhere near as protective as a hard-shell case , but good for car trips back and forth to music lessons -RRB- . The front storage pocket will easily hold picks and tuners and is also large enough to hold an 8 1/2 '' x 11 '' music booklet without having to bend or fold it . Overall , this will suit my son 's needs very well .
 Bought this bag for my 3/4 size guitar and found it to be very useful . It easily fits my guitar and the several guitar books I bought for a beginning guitar class .
 This guitar bag was exactly what I wanted . It fit my son 's 3/4 sized guitar perfectly . I was n't expecting it to be a hard case , and it is n't , but it is perfect for carrying around the guitar , storing it under his bed , and protecting it from incidental damage.We 'll see how the plastic zipper holds up ... the reason it did n't get 5 stars .
 This bag has very good padding that sufficently protects my guitar from bumps and dings . My only suggestion is that I wish it had a strap in the back at top of the neck area .
 For my nieces seventh birthday , I wanted to get her a decent 3/4 acoustic . When I found this item I was truly amazed . First off , it 's made by Dean , I knew ahead of time that it was not a piece of junk . Second , it was only $ 60 . And third , and most important , I was able to find a pink , kid-size guitar that did n't have Hannah freaking Montana on it .
 This is a very nice starter guitar . My 5 year old daughter loves to play it . It does not provide loops for straps and the cover/carrier it comes with has already broken . But the guitar itself is excellent .
 The person who listed this product as a one needs to keep buying there instruments in toy stores and Wal-mart . I was so aggravated by this ridiculous review I felt I had to add my two cents . This guitar is beautiful and sounds great . The hardware is good quality and the instrument stays in tune . The price point is excellent and any child would love these guitars . I purchased the cheaper First Act guitar and had to return three of them because of defects . The quality of these guitars is night and day over cheaper models . If your looking for a 3/4 size child 's guitar I highly recommend this product .
 Our seven year old wants to begin taking guitar lessons and we did not want to break the bank with her first guitar . It was delivered quickly and in perfect condition -LRB- no cracks or scratches -RRB- . The actual guitar has a more red color than pink , but it 's still great adn exactly what our daughter wanted . She has played daily even before we have had a chance to get it set-up for her .
 I am really impressed with the quality of this guitar . It has great sound and is appropriate for a child or youth .
 This really is a pretty & quality guitar . I 'll start by saying that I did a LOT of research and you will not find a better starter guitar at this price point & quality.Unfortunately , there were two issues for me ... My daughter specifically asked for a `` pink '' guitar and while this looks pink in the picture , it 's more orangey-pink in person . The second issue is that the black finishing/trim looked like it had run before it dried and therefore there was a big black smudge on the one I received . -LRB- based on other reviews the smudge issue does not seem to be typical -RRB- I ended up -LRB- begrudgingly -RRB- buying a First Act guitar from Toys R Us -LRB- $ 40 -RRB- . It 's a `` hunk of junk '' but my daughter is 3 and to my husband 's point , all she cared about was having a pink guitar under the tree ! When she gets a little bit older -LRB- old enough for lessons -RRB- we will get her a higher quality instrument -LRB- assuming she still wants to play guitar -RRB- . If the color had been the pink I was looking for I would have simply exchanged this instead of sending it back . Also , the guitar arrived in a HUGE box ... great/safe packaging -LRB- unmarked -RRB- but if you want to hide the box , good luck !
 This is a BEAUTIFUL guitar for a little girl . My 6 year old received it for her birthday and she absolutely loves it . Color is a little more reddish than pink but still a gorgeous piece . Was easy to tune and the sound is great . : - -RRB-
 My 8 year old grandaughter was delighted . She loved the color and the size was perfect for her . Her father tuned it and it had a great sound . We 're all very pleased . I have yet to be disappointed with Amazon 's quality of product and service.Thank you .
 Chances are your kid will drop this guitar phase faster than he/she will drop a hot potato , so this is the instrument for you . For a bit more than 2 months rental , you can have a quite serviceable guitar that actually plays ! Your kid can do it all but , as all holds true , will not ... afterall they can master Guitar Hero faster -LRB- where they do n't have to muster much brain power to push color coded buttons -RRB- . It is sad , because this 3/4 size does make a good sound ; a young player can learn the fingerings and really take pride in the sound . Worth the money ... even if it goes off in the yard sale in 4 months .
 I bought this guitar for my daughter for her 8th birthday . So far , it seems to be holding up well . She likes it and it seems like the quality is fairly good for the price . I am not an expert on guitars by any means , but I would recommend this guitar as a good product for the price .
 We purchased this guitar for our daughter 's sixth birthday , and I think it is going to work out great . The guitar was well packaged for shipping and arrived quickly at our front door -LRB- in less than a week -RRB- . Upon opening it , I found the guitar to be the perfect size for a small six year old , and it is a lovely coral pink color . It also appears well made and sturdy , and it has a bit of weight to it when I pick it up . I found the quality to be much higher than the `` play '' guitars I found in various toy stores and big box stores , and the price was not much more . I am not a musician myself , and maybe someone who is would say this guitar is inferior , but I believe it to be a great starter guitar for a young child . I think my daughter will be very happy with it .
 Got this for my daughter 's birthday . She loves it . Decent sound and holds tune pretty well . Very satisfied with the money that I spent !
 i am enjoying the product . it is the perfect size for me . so it is very user friendly . i am looking forward to getting alot of use out of it , because i am a music teacher .
 This shipped very fast , and it was packed very well . It 's perfect for someone just learning the basics , and the color says pink but it is mainly red I would say ; but it is beautiful . The one problem is that we have to tune it a lot , but it 's still great for a beginner , and the perfect gift from Santa ... shhhh .
 This lovely ; ittle guitar was such a hit at my Grand-daughter 's birthday party ~ It is not a toy , it has an excellent tone and is easy for her smaller hands to hold . Maybe we have a future `` Taylor Swift '' in the family !
 We got this foe my daughter for her 8th birthday and she loves it ! The color in my opinion is a little closer to red than pink in person , I took one star off for that . But still very cute none the less . And my brother-in-law who plays guitar even commented on the quality being great for her .
 This product serves its purpose and is of good quality . However , the picture fails to justify the color of the product . Atleast there are no hearts or kittens on it .
 With good reason , Roxio 's Toast is probably the best selling CD and DVD Macintosh burning software in the world . Roxio has always been miles ahead of their competition and it looks like they just raised the bar again . Their latest release , Toast with Jam , adds even more functionality to their already powerful product.Toast Titanium already featured the ability to burn photo , video , music and data to CD and DVD . The new version includes pro audio features that will allow users to edit , arrange , and burn a gold master CD of their recorded music . Also music lovers will find an updated , more flexible cross-fade tool using a graphical waveform interface , a dithering feature that corrects for distortion , which can occur during audio file conversion , and new support for audio files with resolutions up to 24 bits . A robust online help system is new to the product as well.And when it could n't get any better , Toast with Jam also includes a version of the popular audio program Peak LE from BIAS . Audio professionals and music lovers will find Toast with Jam an absolute must have . Plus it has a cute name.Toast with Jam is built for Mac OS X and also supports Mac OS 9 users .
 I read the reviews of the people who were disappointed with Toast/Jam as a professional grade audio tool . I have no reason to doubt their veracity . But I got it to create killer -LRB- excuse the phrase -RRB- jams on my Mac . It installed great , I just fire it up , cross-fade , adjust gain , and burn . It does everything I ask of it and I am very happy with the results . If you , like me , want to lay some tunes on friends -LRB- in a completely legal way per the RIAA Nazi scum , of course ! -RRB- , this will probably just what you want and need .
 This product is almost universally compatible !! The window is resizable , with simple buttons specifying the type of CD you wish to burn . Click audio , data , copy , or other , and the button turns blue . Pop a blank CD-R into your drive , drag your files into the window , hit that big red glowing record button in the corner , and you 're cooking . What a simple way to burn CD 's ... . even off your PC !
 As I see it , there are two kinds of harmonica players
 This is one helluva case ! Holds all my harmonicas -LRB- 7 to date , with a chromatic on the way -RRB- with the foam allowing for my tuner , digital recorder , and harmonica neck holder to be stored along side all of my harps.Tougher than you 'd think ... and the foam definately keeps your stuff where you left it . Other cases leave your stuff loose and while they may lock , they dont have that secure feeling foam provides -LRB- No reeds getting knocked out of place if something should happen like a drop -RRB- ... As far as seeing multiples at gigs , parties , etc. . . Hell , make it your own ... Fill in the Hohner logo with a paint pen , plaster it with your favorite bands stickers . Then you know it 's yours .
 I bought mine 3 or 4 years ago and it has held up extremely well . I started getting serious about harp playing and began sitting in at open mics . At first , I carried the harmonicas in a zip-loc bag . The other musicians thought that was pretty funny , and after a few times it was a real hassle finding the harp in the key I wanted in a hurry , so I got one of these , and have n't been sorry . Harps are easy to find and well protected , now if I could figure out the correct key to use in a shorter time ...
 Just what the doctor ordered to protect your harps while on the road or in the studio . Definitely worth the price .
 My 17 month old twins love these super fun shakers . They make a nice sound and are easy to grasp . The animal shapes are fun and they are very durable . We give them 6 thumbs up !
 Quick delivery and just as described . My son and his teacher are happy with it . I ordered 2 so I could have a back up just in case .
 It 's a nice inexpensive rack . Even though it 's particle board , it 's not put together with cam-locks like other particle board furniture . Large wood screws make this solid . The black wood-grain laminate makes this a good-looking addition to my studio .
 I 've used these racks for years and have never had a problem with them . I usually load these up with amplifiers and other equipment and they handle the weight with no problem . You can order much more expensive ones but for permanent installs these work just fine so why spend the extra money on a rack when you can use the money to purchase better equipment ?
 This rack is perfect for audio equipment.I have a rack-mount power strip at the top , two amps , some recording units , and wireless mic receivers and it 's much cleaner now .
 Found this Raxxess rack easy to put together , works great , and looks very nice as well . Recommended .
 Stereo Bluetooth headphones are a new animal . As such , the pickings are still rather slim . I read all of the reviews on the few that are currently available . You 'll notice that most had about a 50/50 satisfaction ratio . But most reviewers spoke well of the Bluetake BT450RX-L . So I purchased them , also.They were very attractive
 These little known headphones are the best stereo bluetooth headphones that I have found yet . Much better sound quality than the dismal LG bluetooth earbuds I reviewed last . They are light and comfortable and sound very good . They paired without a problem to my LG VX8600 and the track control works just fine as well . I am still on my first charge so I ca n't speak on battery life , but they are supposed to last at least 5 hours . They are small enough that they can be carried in a pocket in the included pouch . The only negatives so far are that the same toggle is used for both volume and track control and it takes a little getting used to to get what you want sometimes and that although these things can get painfully loud if you want them to , I wish that the lowest volume setting before mute was actually a little lower for using in an office environment . Overall I love them .
 This guitar is a wonderful example of the innovative spirit at Ovation . The entire body of the guitar has a textured enamel finish that gives it a toughness suitable for stage use and frequent handling . It comes in Pewter and Black . Amazingly , Ovation has engineered this coating so that it actually contributes to the projection of the guitar as opposed to deadening it , as you would expect . The 1778t has an unusual array of soundholes and a special bracing pattern that also contribute to its projection.The guitar has a low action and the narrow Ovation neck making it very playable by someone with small hands . The action would also make it an excellent first `` good '' guitar.The solid spruce top , even though hidden under the enamel finish , has a mellow tone especially at the low end , UNAMPLIFIED.The on board preamplifier has two preset sound shape settings that , to be honest , are beyond my comprehension . They are likely useful to a professional musician . It also has a built in equalizer to personalize the sound of your guitar . In addition , the OP30 electronics has a built in electronic tuner ! You do NOT need an amplifier to use the tuner.The 1778t is an `` acoustic-electric '' guitar . That means it can be played without or with an amplifier . Either way , it sounds fantastic !
 I bought this guitar to tinker with . I have owned several acoustic guitars over the years , but none of them ever got much playing time . I have always preferred to play electric . Acoustics are -LRB- traditionally -RRB- too big , bulky and uncomfortable for me . I own a U.S. Paudak Washburn N4 and a custom U.S. Jackson Soloist SL2H and the 1778 gets as much or more playing time than both of them combined . The neck feels like a cross between an electric and a traditional acoustic . I absolutely love this guitar . The bass is tight and punchy and the highs are bright and true . This is the only acoustic I will ever need .
 I bought this guitar to tinker with . I have owned several acoustic guitars over the years , but none of them ever got much playing time . I have always preferred to play electric . Acoustics are -LRB- traditionally -RRB- too big , bulky and uncomfortable for me . I own a U.S. Paudak Washburn N4 and a custom U.S. Jackson Soloist SL2H and the 1778 gets as much or more playing time than both of them combined . The neck feels like a cross between an electric and a traditional acoustic . I absolutely love this guitar . The bass is tight and punchy and the highs are bright and true . This is the only acoustic I will ever need .
 Kind of a unique look ... better check out one locally and be sure you like it before you order . I think it is kind of cool , but might not be for everyone . The finish is kind of textured and very durable . Has a built in tuner with the preamp . The action is low and the neck narrow , almost like an electric . Just plays really nice and sounds good even unplugged . Might be about one of the cheapest USA made ovation that you can find , had for 2 years and has been great for me . Seeing it here for six hundred dollars , no way that I would pass it up for that .
 The Martins & Taylors that sound as good as the Elite T are 3 times the price . At This price point this guitar has no equal . It 's the best sounding Ovation I 've played and one of the least expensive made in America models . The low end punch is greater then most Jumbo guitars , the highs are crisp & clean . Nothing else looks like it . Nothing under a grand sounds like it .
 I have 3 other Ovation guitars , and after 10 years of being an absolute fan of my classic nylon string guitar , I have to say this one has become my favorite one.As the prior reviewer mentioned , it has a great finish that gives me peace when my kids are around . The built in tuner is a very cool gadget . Sound is great .
 I 've had this guitar about a month and it sure plays nice and sounds sweet !!
 Great for marking your tempo for runners . Easy to adjust rate and volume . Lightweight . Clips to my shorts without being a hindrance .
 Pace indicator great for maintaining your pace while running . A bit noisy and irritating to other runners .
 Really like the bright red color . Makes both sound and light , or just light flashing if you want . Easy to use and adjust , can control volume . I use it while training my dogs and clip it on my collar .
 Stroke recovery patient . Using this product daily to establish rhythmn and timing to retrain my walking ability . Just what the therapist ordered . Improves walking and helps others walking with me keep in step . May be an unusual application for this product but its mobility and ease of setting works perfectly .
 This is a great little item , but I do n't use it much . I bought it for running , but it drives my running partner nuts . But it does everything it says it does , and is easy to use . I just wish it had something you could plug earphones into so I could have the noise all to myself .
 I use it every couple of weeks to keep cadence . The battery lasted about a year . I wish the clip was a little stronger although I realize that I am not using it for its intended purpose .
 I bought this product to help me keep my cadence while running ... I 've had it over a year and it works like a champ ... love it , highly recommend this product for anyone practicing Chi Running .
 Been using this gadget for over 3 years ! I use it on my rower and treadmill , as well as outdoor wlaks . Passersby still wonder `` waht 's ticking '' but too bad - it keeps me in step . It 's GREAT for that last leg of whatever you 're doing when you tend to slow down ...
 Bought this to use while I run . I love the fact that it is loud enough to hear even when I have my earphones in . It is easily programable . Love it
 Very happy with the product , a good clear sound which is easily adjusted to carry above a nonet playing at full blast.It 's also very small and light in weight , clips quickly and firmly onto a music stand.Delivery of my order was also very swift , the well-packaged Standard Delivery order arriving within 5 business days of being placed - and I live in the Netherlands !
 I use it for disciplined steady state cadence while running ; very nice product , wish they would add way to use it with earphone . Sometimes the beeping bothers fellow runners . Very nice product otherwise . Very happy !
 Great way to keep cadence humming on the run or stationary bike , works perfect and is flexible .
 I 'm using this product to aid with my cadence while on training runs . The product works as described and has been very helpful.The only additional option I would like would be an option to vibrate rather than sounding a tone.I would recommend this product to a friend.Happy running !
 Buyer beware ! the RT6006 is a 6 '' triangle and striker without the Trigger Mount . An RT6006 is a 5 '' triangle WITH the trigger mount not available from Amazon but through third party vendors . The 6 '' triangle is a good standard triangle and the rubber handle striker is nice , but I wanted the trigger mount to make control of sound and mute easier . To do this in the traditional manner you have to suspend the string between your thumb and index finger and try to grab the triangle with your pinky and/or ring finger while trying to keep the triangle from spinning out of reach . Unfortunately Amazon tends to post deceptive pictures even though the description is correct . My fault for not reading more carefully but Amazon 's fault for a classic example of `` Bait and Switch ''
 Love this piece , however I ran into an unsual issue . I was using a loaner horn until mine came in . Dropped this into the new horn and it does not fit . Falls out . Never had that happen before .
 Fits our french horn . I like to keep spare mouthpieces for the house french horn . In case the one on it gets damaged .
 Works great still after a long season of Marching Band . Perfect replacement to an old worn down one . Great mouthpiece for the money . Blessing always makes good stuff . Recommended .
 It has a thicker rim than the Selmer mouthpiece , and I found it harder to play . The embouchure is hard enough with the French horn without it being made even smaller by the thicker rim . But it does give a more secure grip . I tried both , and decided I liked the Selmer better . But the Blessing is a well-made mouthpiece and I have no complaints about the workmanship or durability .
 Great mouthpiece and definitely worth the cost . Since I am a beginner I did not want to have to invest too much upfront just in case I change instruments .
 This stand works as designed . It is sturdy and simple to use . I like that it folds up for easy transport . Be sure to adjust the friction mechanism located on the bottom of the main tube . Strangely , the instructions for this are on the outside of the box rather than included inside . And fortunately for me , I did n't toss the box before I found this out . The only thing I do n't like is the nut that adjusts the actual music platform is not a wing nut type , so to adjust this you may need to carry a small set of pliers with you . Overall , this is a good stand at a great price . You 'd be better off to pay the additional money for this rather than buy a cheapo $ 10 stand that wobbles and ca n't support a heavy music binder .
 Usually the wire ones look and feel flimsy and cheap , NOT THIS ONE . Hercules only makes top notch products and this although cheaper than their other models , is perfect for studio use , when I do n't want the solid frames reflecting sound back into the mic . Much sturdier than it looks too .
 I need a sturdy music stand but I find the big metal ones too bulky . This foldable stand is more expensive than the flimsy $ 10 ones because it has a sturdy built ! It does not wobble or shake when I turn my pages . The sturdiness keeps it from being knocked over too ! You can also adjust the tightness of the extending rod to the right amount so it will remain in place yet it will still be easy to adjust the height simply by pulling or pushing the rod up or down . I love this stand ! This is my second one already because the moving company lost my first one .
 Had this for a few years now and it has held up great - despite being tossed in with the rest of my drum hardware . It 's less sturdy than a Manhasset but sturdy enough , and you ca n't beat the weight or portability .
 I must have looked at a thousand ten dollar cheap affairs while looking for a functional portable music stand . They 're flimsy junk . Not this one . Solid construction with an eye for utility . The base is solid , the friction devices holding the main support and shelf work almost like magic . The shelf is designed to hold much more than any other I 've seen , and hold it better . There are grooves in the shelf to make items more stable , wires to hold down pages in a breeze , and fold out extensions to expand the capacity or fold away when not necessary . There was a bit of trial and error on the main support tension amount , but once set - like I said - magic ! You wo n't be disappointed .
 I bought the stand with the case and my son is very pleased . His orchestra teacher commented on the quality . It does n't wobble or tilt and its all one piece so no more lost parts . Invest a little more here and have a long term product .
 a little expensive but a nice portable stand . Wo n't hold a ton of weight but good for one book of sheet music
 That 's right . It 's a Herculean music stand . It 's light but strong . I keep a tablet computer permanently on it -LRB- signed onto the `` tube '' -RRB- . I use it for `` stealing '' chords and fingering progressions from the original artists performing the songs of my interest . It 's always in my practice area . Read other review of Hercules product . Same `` thumbs-up '' applies ... get it .
 I am a professional musician -LRB- string player -RRB- . I used this stand today for the first time and was thrilled . It 's very strong , light weight , good looking , super easy to set up and held my music straight -LRB- most wire stands ' trays are easily bent or uneven -RRB- . Page turning was quick and easy , too , since the tray was straight . So , my expensive Henley or Berenreiter edition pages do n't get all tattered with use . Yay Hercules ! I ordered this stand because I use the Hercules big heavy stand -LRB- BS405B -RRB- for home-use -LRB- too heavy to carry along regularly for gigs -RRB- . Love Hercules ... love Amazon !
 I bought this music stand hoping it would be sturdy enough to hold , not just the music sheets , but a violin holder with my violin and bow too . And guess what ? It does hold ! I 'm not planning on moving it too much , just around my appartment , so I do n't really care if it unfolds or folds quickly , or if it is portable -LRB- have not moved it since I first got it -RRB- . I think this is a great stand .
 Works well and hold a fair amount of weight . Easy to set up and easy to fold up . I appreciate the black finish since I sit in front of a ceiling to floor window to practice and there is no glare form the stand
 We bought this music stand for our daughter , mostly for use at home . The stand is stable and is well made . Even though there were no instructions , it was pretty clear how it had to be set up . Our daughter especially likes the clips that help with keeping a page open . The adjustable height system is neat . Not realizing/remembering -LRB- I think another reviewer pointed this out -RRB- the information was on the box , it took as a minute or so to figure out how to use the screw at the bottom to have the stand stay at the appropriate height . This system works fine , I wonder whether it will wear out , no problems at all so far.I would definitely recommend this music stand .
 The stand folds up quite nicely and is stable when in use by my daughter . She really , really , really loves it .
 I bought this stand twenty years ago and it 's a real pleasure to use . It 's heavy enough that it 's almost impossible to accidentally tip over , and very stable , so you do n't have to worry about your music falling on the floor . The second shelf -LRB- covered in felt -RRB- is invaluable for string players to protect their bows during long pizzicato passages or during rehearsal , and the felt makes it incredibly quiet . The lip at the top prevents the stand light from being pulled off . Little children love to grab on to music stands as they walk by , so if you have this at home , it will be much harder for them to pull it over and hurt themselves -LRB- although if they manage to pull it over it 's pretty heavy -RRB- . The height adjustment screw is easy to turn , but holds the height very securely so you do n't have to worry about your stand slooooooooowly sinking down while you 're rehearsing.An excellent buy and I 'm really glad I invested the money to get this superior stand .
 I purchased this music stand for an upcoming orchestra gig -LRB- guitar -RRB- . The extra shelf is excellent for all the accessories - pencils , picks , slide , tuner , etc. . Great construction . This stand feels twice as sturdy as your conventional high school music stand .
 This truly is the best add-on to your drum set or percussion rack you will ever own . its qualities are stupefying ... Its got the depth of a cowbell but its got warmth like a wood block normally would except this is made of a high-durable thick plastic , If your not sure whether our not you should purchase this ... . then i would reconsider , which in conclusion means DO IT !!!!!!!
 I could n't help myself but to write my own review once seeing a 1 star review . These are excellent monitors . . keyword ` monitors ' . Their entire aim is to bring out the flaws in an audio track , and are designed for audio engineers in a recording/mixing environment . This first guy trashed this entire JBL line because he did n't know what he bought . I love everything about these & the calibration package/mic is awesome for helping in providing a clear & accurate representation of an audio source . These are the very LAST things you want to buy if you 're in the market for Home theater , stereo , DVD player , etc speakers . These are not speakers . . they 're monitors ! Just because they 're expensive & sophisticated looking does n't mean they 'll make your home theater system the envy of the neighborhood . . they wo n't !! They 'll make it sound horrible & you dumb - because that 's not what they 're intended for.In a mixing studio , these are the best I 've ever used . No more do I make a mix & something sounds off level or different when it 's played through a conventional stereo . I would highly recommend these -LRB- for people that know what these really are -RRB- .
 I ca n't actually believe it . First off , let me just say that THESE SPEAKERS ARE NOT FOR CONSUMER USE . They are designed for an engineer in mind and they work perfectly for the engineer who needs to hear their mixes with out any color or bass or highs added to them . The idea is , you mix the song with no extra color added , it 's theoretically suppose to sound bad -LRB- unless you are super amazing ... no one ever is -RRB- , but once you mix it on these speakers , you should be able to play them in any speaker and they will sound perfect.I have a poor room to mix in . Thin walls , very weak place for me to mix.When I used the mic that comes with the speakers , it actually ended up removing a lot of the bass . I think it was to not make the thin walls shake ... not sure though if that makes a big difference in my mix.I have sound set up with five of these speakers and a sub.The reason I 'm writing this is because despite being expensive , they do their job better than any speaker I have used . They are flat for a reason , they are designed to let you listen to everything.I mixed my music on these , and I was kind of surprised that the music sounded good on anything . Cheep headphones , car ... anything.I recommend these speakers if you need speakers that just work and can get the job done . I have been using them for 4 years now .
 These are truly unbelievable ... the depth , clarity and soundstage are so good it 's hard to believe it 's coming from such small boxes.Some reviewers are struggling with the setup ... that may be due to the fact that these speakers have so many options . You can run them through balanced or unbalanced analogue , or SP/DIF digital -LRB- which is amazing -RRB- . They can be linked with Cat5 cable and you can control them and calibrate them to your room 's acoustics with the optional kit that the set includes -LRB- software , remote and mic -RRB- . That 's a bit of candy to me . I did all that originally , but have moved these gems from studio to studio and no longer bother to do the calibration - they just sound great , period . Without adjustment . Mixes typically die a bit in detail when played on ordinary speakers , but the dynamics are perfect on high-end systems . You 'll hear more detail on a $ 10k + system , but all is perfectly placed.They 're a huge bargain , given the quality of the sound . With the right accessories , they 're the perfect speakers for playing through Apple 's Airplay . M-Audio Co2 box will convert optical from the ATV or Express to S/PDIF that these speakers use - the result is breathtaking , and great fun at parties -LRB- for those with iOS devices -RRB- . I 'm listening right now - the stage is unbelievable for this size of speaker - buy them and enjoy them - they have a 5-year warranty as well . Great stuff .
 Pros : Sound great!Flexible input options - pick your favorite and switch between them easilly.Super easy surround setup.Excellent plug-and-play networking with PC for super fine-tuning . Replaces expensive MultiMAX soultions in studios.RMC works great - made mixing in my untreated room viable.Cons : Too bulky for my wife to let me put them in the living room . -LRB- Not really a con - perfect for what they 're designed for ! -RRB- I have used 5 of these in a 5.1 setup for 5 + years . Perfect for my project studio , amazing sound for 5.1 hi res music listening , and made me uninterested in seeing movies at expensive theaters . Built rock solid , never hand an issue with any of them .
 I really wish Grover made a smaller case . I find this one too big , but there is not a better quality one the size I wanted , so I bought this one . It is very durable and keeps my beaters safe . Overall , I am please with my purchase .
 Used the Audiotrak version for years -LRB- that version not produced anymore -RRB- , so I had to go to this one.installed just as easy , sound is also very good . should I need more , I will be buying this one again.Works well in Windows 7 and DJ And KJ Programs .
 Replace the strings with better ones , bridge to a medium one , install the fine tuners -LRB- yes , replace the one that 's there too -RRB- , and maybe get some better pegs ... and you 've got a really inexpensive , cool-looking , great-sounding electric violin !!! Seriously ! I have the pink one , and am going to buy the silent black one very soon . I 'm not ready to spend hundreds or thousands of dollars on a violin yet , and I really like these .
 Ok so this is what you do :1 . get some planetary geared pegs , they exist2 . get a real tailpiece not plastic , you willnot need fine tuners with the geared pegs , -LRB- by the way these geared pegs are forviolins and they drop the weight of addingfine tuners , plus slipping pegs suck -RRB- 3 . you get a nice bridge and sand it down to amedium height4 . this is optional , you either sport for aluthier to add frets to a real fretboard oryou add a `` fiddle fretter `` Then you will have a fairly awesome/cheap electric fiddle . I play the bass and crossed over not too long ago with this setup , you want to get into those screaming octaves with some serious hoorah this is the way to start . Of course for me the bass is still my first love , but even an electric guitar I 've passed over numerous times ... . this thing fits the bill .
 Setup requires a little paitence , but after a new tailpiece -LRB- wood , with fine tuners -RRB- , a better set of strings , and some non-slip peg `` glue '' this instrument ROCKS . This is a great instrumet for a beginner to the violin -LRB- though perhaps not music -RRB- . I spent about 50 extra dollars , and now I 've got a great violin that I can practice on withought bothering my roomantes.The fingerboard is a little off center , but it 's off center the right direction , and should n't affect playing too much . I had the bridge fly at me a few times -LRB- the back of the bridge should be at a 45 degree angle -RRB- the first time I tried to tune the new strings , but they relax after a while , and if you get the no-slip peg drops you adjust everything to a lesser extent.The pegs will slip , the strings it comes with are terrible , and the tailpiece is cheap but all of that is worth fixing for such a cool , relatively cheap , instrument .
 I 'm a brand new violin player with a whole three days experience , and I have to say it is amazing ! I did n't really expect all that much because of the price , but this thing sounds really good . I really like that the bow is real wood and not plastic or anything . Now this is a plastic violin with plastic pegs , but this does n't affect the sound at all . The pegs slip a little bit making it hard to keep the strings in tune , but I like the practice as a new player . Also the fact that this is electric helps me keep from bothering my roommates . If you are just starting out , this is the violin for you . It will allow you to make a decent sound and you wo n't have to worry about it getting damaged and broken like a comparably priced wooden violin would . I ca n't say enough good things about this and I recommend you go with the lowest priced vendor because they also set up the bridge and stuff for free . Hope that helps !
 I 've had practice pads that cost a hundred dollars , but I keep coming back to this one . Why?Well , for one it 's mostly quiet . A lot of the other practice pads attempt to replicate a traditional drum head , and just wind up resonating a lot -LRB- defeating the basic purpose of practice pads -RRB- . This one pretty much sounds like you thwacked a solid piece of rubber with a stick . It 's somewhere between playing on a book and playing against a bed in terms of noise , and the noise it does make is generally neutral.Two , good rebound . The rebound is n't dead on ... it feels a little bit more like you 're playing rubber than a taught skin . But unlike notebooks or skin-based pads , it does provide about the right amount of rebound.Three , indestructable . Fold it up and toss it in a bag . Practice anywhere.Four , they 're dirt cheap . You 're reading a review of something that costs less than lunch . Forget it at a friend 's house or lose it with luggage ... it does n't really matter.Overall , it 's a big hunk of rubber that sticks well to surfaces and does a good job of simulating a drum rebound . I 've been roundly unimpressed with far more expensive practice pads , and found that a few years into my drumming I still come back to this one . Well done .
 I carry around my pad everywhere I go in a toat bag . It fits pretty well and does not curve or bend on its own when I take it out .
 Perfect ! just as expected . Great for my beginer drum students . works well . fits nicely on snare . kids love it and can take it to school in their backpacks .
 THIS UNIT ALLOWS YOU TO PLUG YOUR LAPTOP INTO ITS MIXER AND BECOME THE ULTIMATE LAPTOP DJ . I WAS ABLE TO HOOK UP ADDITIONAL INPUTS SUCH AS A CD MIXER , IPOD , HEADPHONES AND A MICROPHONE ALL AT THE SAME TIME . THE COMPUTER HOOKS RIGHT INTO THE USB PORT AND IT 'S SMOOTH SAILING ALL THE WAY . THE COST IS GREAT AND EVEN INCLDES THE MICROPHONE AND HEADPHONES . A GREAT PRODUCT AT A GREAT PRICE .
 I bought 3 of these for different flutes . they last a long time and protect my flutes and are easy to carry in an out of airports because you can sling it on your back out of the way . Sometimes I put two flutes in there
 The carry-all bag that came with my sons flute had a broken zipper on day one . This bag is very sturdy and well made . Made of a heavy duty material with sturdy zipper and clasps . Very pleased .
 I own 2 of these units and love them both dearly , but this dealer -- 8th Street Music -- is applying a ridiculous 270 % mark-up ! Good luck with that , buddy!You 're better off buying from a reputable dealer like Mercenary Audio or FMR itself .
 great compressor , limiter and leveler ... . sound like the pros with this little gem ...
 I was searching for a new sax case for my son and am very satisfied with this one we ordered . Our key criteria was something weighing less than his existing ` traditional ' case . My son has actually weighed his old and this new case and says it 's 3 pounds lighter which makes a big difference for a 12 year old carrying it on and off school buses . It also seems very durable and has convenient compartments .
 It is really a good bag but could have been great if one of the side pockets could have been bigger so that i could carry my book -LRB- s -RRB- as well . Still very happy with the bag comfortable to carry , enough space in pockets to carry the accessories -LRB- except book -LRB- s -RRB- -RRB- and gives good protection . Really this is a good alto sax bag i would recommend to everybody .
 This is a very nice case . I also like the versatile straps they offer -LRB- backpack style -RRB- . The price was excellent and even with shipping was a lot cheaper then buying the exact same model at the local music store . I generally prefer to buy local , but this particular music store had it priced up so high , I just could n't do it . The only thing is it has n't improved my ability to play ...
 This case provides great protection , has all the pockets my son needs for all his `` stuff '' , all the straps you could ask for to carry his sax in any way necessary regarless to what else he 's carrying .
 This is my second Protec contoured sax pac . I have one for my tenor and this time I bought this for alto.This is not the lightest case on this planet but this is very well constructed . It has lots of space to put sheet music , reeds and other accesories for the instrument . The backpack strap is also very useful . I can use both hands while carrying this pac.Shipping was quick and well packed .
 I no longer have to carry my son 's saxophone into his lessons . My 12-year-old son is small and did not like carrying the heavy leather case that came with his professional model saxophone . He carries the music and his oboe ; I carried the sax . He LOVES the new case and the blue color . He always wants to carry the sax AND the oboe now . I just carry the check book ;-RRB- He would like to take the case to school , but he has an old beater that he keeps at school and does not have to transport it.My son 's private lesson teacher is very picky , but he really likes this case . It is structurally very rigid , but has a soft feel on the outside and is still very light weight . I was nervous about getting a soft-side style case for this expensive instrument , but I have no concerns with this one . There is more than enough storage , including zipper pockets on both the bottom side and top sides . We bought an optional backpack strap . It would work great if you had to carry it for quite a distance or ride a bike , but for short trips it is easier to just use the nicely padded sling shoulder strap . The case also has feet that will allow it to stand upright or on its side , keeping the cover off the floor.This was truly a great find . Good value , protection , look , and feel .
 Robust construction . This is being used by a middleschooler whose earlier case did not survive the wear and tear after two years . He is very happy with it . The instrument is well protected by the rigidity of construction . Overall , this is a good looking case .
 I bought this item , because a need a bag for my sax and ride my bike at the same time.but if you 're outside US , don buy it ! taxes and courier services are very , very expensive !
 The case was exactly what we saw in the store and we saved about 40 % ! It came in a couple of days and was an easy transaction .
 I love the outside material of this case . That 's one huge thing that makes it differ from the Protec MAX economy line counterpart . This stuff is definitely waterproof and seems resistant to scratching or getting dirty unless you 're in a war zone . Even if you are though , your case will look dirty , but the instrument will be just fine =-RRB- The inside is very well-padded , and there is thickly layer velvet around the edges of the horn and were the top of the bell goes so that some of it kind of goes inside a tiny bit to hold it in place . It 's a nice , tight fit . The wooden shell makes the case noticeably heavier than the Protec MAX one , but it 's worth it for someone who truly travels plenty with it or is otherwise at more risk -LRB- like with airport people handling your instrument -RRB- . Some kids might do better with the Protec MAX though , because of its lightness -LRB- it 's still very protective -RRB- . I would 've preferred regular mouthpiece slots . There could 've been two instead of one where your mouthpiece rests precariously laid down . BEWARE
 The case that came with my 10 year son 's alto sax was made of hard plastic . He said it was too heavy and the handle hurt his hand . I ordered this last Saturday and got it today -LRB- very quick -RRB- . My son put his sax -LRB- Bundy BAS-300 -RRB- in the case and it fit great . The case has side pockets -LRB- on both sides of the case -RRB- for the extra stuff that my son carries -LRB- neck strap , cork grease , reeds , cleaning cloth , etc. . -RRB- . I bought the option backstraps . They free his hands so he can roll his school backpack and carry other things -LRB- if needed -RRB- . The case seems to be boy proof -LRB- very sturdy and solid -RRB- . I did n't want to pay over $ 100 for a case , but this case was worth it.Protec Contoured Alto Sax Pro Pac
 This is a great case it puts everything in it 's place and is very solid with it 's wood frame and covered in a nice material with pockets and strong zippers . Nice handles and is just perfect if you have a young student who is n't always as careful as they should be .
 This is an excellent Alto Saxophone Bag . I was really surprised with the quality of the product as well as the VERY speedy delivery . I live and work in Singapore and it was here in three days . The interior is just beautiful and it 's great value for money . The saxophone fits in really well . I go to lessons on the train twice a week and it 's perfect for commuting . I also purchased the optional back pack strap add-on . It 's just perfect as well . The case is really sturdy and is excellent for beginner and advanced students . For the cost , it 's excellent . A great saving and I am sure it will last for years . Do yourself a favour and buy this bag . I congratulate the manufacturer . Well done !!
 I have a 992 Bronze Yanagisawa alto saxophone . This Protec case is absolutely wonderful . It is easy to carry . The backpack strap works well . I have no regrets - You wo n't either .
 Super sturdy , very well lined , not heavy and protects as well as my old wooden case . I bought the backpack straps as well which made it easy to haul 2 horns .
 My son is very happy with this case . It is stylish , and the sax fits in perfectly . The case appears to be very sturdy and I expect it to last for a long time . Definitely worth the money .
 My daughter and I shopped online for new alto sax cases last fall . She wanted something smaller than the traditional `` box '' style . She looked for a style she could store in her high school locker . This case works perfectly . The strap/handle options make it easier to carry with messenger/book bag , too . Zipper pulls work nicely . Side pockets provide enough storage for other items when running off to Pep Band . Now ... if I can keep her from decorating it with duct tape !
 Love this case . Room for my reeds and gear in the square part and room for a flute , saxxy stand AND flute stand in the other part . It 's hard inside . . feels like wood or something , and soft outside . Very light , strong and comfortable . Love it .
 Quality was much better than I expected , structure is well made . Overall good design with conversion to backpack or shoulder strap .
 Get it . This case is compact , comfortable , and good looking . It is holding up very well even after a busy marching band season of rough handling . Definitly worth it .
 I traded in a heavy old-school box case for this rigid gig-bag style by Protec and am thrilled with it . It 's a higher-quality case than many of the other form-fitting cases I 've looked at . It cradles my Mark VI perfectly . It 's lightweight , has ample stowage and it looks great . The electric-blue interior shows off the sax beautifully when I open it . All of the parts and fittings seem heavy duty , though I have n't been using it long enough to know first-hand that they 're going to hold up . I did n't opt for the back-pack straps .
 We love Protec cases . Very durable . This silver finish seems very practical in terms of dirt and bumps/scrapes not showing .
 I was worried this would just be a backpack type case , but there is a hard layer under the fabric , so there is much more protection than a soft case would have . I still worry a bit about my son carrying it on the bus , but now it actually comes home so he can practice at home , so it 's give and take !
 Product arrived on time and safely , and is an awesome case would recommend to others looking for a contoured case .
 We purchased a Protec case to replace a broken hard shell case for my son 's tenor sax , and decided to buy one for my other son 's alto sax for which we had a worn out soft shell case . These cases beat both of our other cases . - very smart looking case available in multiple colors . My kids liked choosing their color . - Exterior is a very sturdy-looking fabric . - Contoured design gives the instrument adequate protection while minimizing the bulk of the case . Most rectangular cases are bulky . - Internal storage is sufficient for all of the components of the sax as well as some cleaning supplies . There is an additional zippered storage compartment on the outside of the case which provides more than sufficient additional storage . Very convenient and easy to access . - there are handles on the top and end of the case , which make it very easy to move around in tight spaces . - Shoulder strap makes it easy to carry . We bought the additional `` backpack straps , '' which we thought would make the instrument easier to carry walking to and from school , but the boys do n't use them . - plastic `` feet '' on the bottom and end protect the fabric while the case is sitting on the ground , and allow you to stand it on end , which is nice for storage .
 I got this case for my 1930 's Conn `` Naked Lady '' M6 alto . My two main concerns were , 1 -RRB- the case should be reliable / rugged enough to protect the instrument ; 2 -RRB- it should fit vintage saxes and M6 in particular.This case fits my vintage alto perfectly , both body and neck . This should be your choice for said instruments unless you want to spend at least twice as much on a Hiscox or Reunion Blues case -LRB- if you need them / can afford them -RRB- .
 This year my son decided to play in the Middle School Band . This was the perfect opportunity to let him use my husband 's alto sax from his middle and high school marching band days . Unfortunately , my husband 's case had been stolen so we were in the market for a practical , yet affordable bag . After reading several reviews and speaking to several people in the industry , we decided to try the Protec Contoured Alto Sax Pro Pac . It was just what we were looking for ! It is sleek , compact , with lots of pockets -LRB- for the reeds , cork grease , the cleaning kit , etc -RRB- . It is well cushioned/padded which protects the instrument . It was reasonably priced when comparing it to others on the market . This bag is also very versatile when it comes to how you will carry it . You can either carry it as a backpack , or with the shoulder strap , or in your hand . I thought that this option was excellent since most kids have to carry a backpack with books as well as their instruments . I would definitely recommend this bag to anyone . ** Please note , my son is using a Conn Alto Sax and as a result has to flip the instrument -LRB- to place it in the cutout -RRB- because some of the keys are on the opposite side of the newer instruments . But it still fits into the appropriate area snuggly .
 like the case a lot of space to put thing if it come with a lock will be nice will another if needed
 I did n't expect this case to be all that nice . When I received it , I was astounded by the nice swede interior , separate compartments for the parts and accessories and the overall quality of this product . I would highly recommend this product .
 Great product and excellent price . Half the price of what was quoted by local music store and delivered to me 10 days earlier than music store . Well done !
 Lots of room for music , pencils , extra reeds , but is definitely bigger than a standard clarinet case , and is a little cumbersome .
 Length :
 I got this case for taking my clarinet to marching band and classes , it held great through the rain and had large enough pockets for all my needs . I can easily fit my music stand in the outter pocket and the inside one can hold about 8 books . Agian it held really well through rain I use to have to run through the rain and my stand , books and clarinet were all fine . I would have ruined enough monneys worth in books as the worth of this case practicly . But it is a quite nice case easy to take plase to place and you do n't have to worry about people throughing things on top of it or anything .
 I got this case for Christmas after many hints . I had a case I really liked that came with the clarinet I bought on eBay , and though it was falling apart , I was loath to replace it because I could n't find one of the same style with the large music pocket on the interior . When I found this one , I was VERY happy , and I was even happier when I got it . It 's a wonderful case ; the outside mesh protects against weather and scrapes , the case itself is sturdy enough to bang around , it protects the clarinet wonderfully , the myriad pockets are extremely useful , the little feet on the bottom protect it when you set it down , and the attachable shoulder strap saved my life when I had to walk half a mile to school carrying my backpack , my lunch , my sax , my flute , my messenger bag of music books , and my clarinet . Only complaints ; instead of having a normal clasp closure it has a zipper , which can stick occasionally , and the velcro flap on top can get in the way , but otherwise it 's a great case and well worth it .
 I have had several clarinets and cases made by the manufacturer -LRB- Buffet , LeBlanc -RRB- and by 3rd parties -LRB- Kaces and now Protec -RRB- . All have been ` OK ' but the Protec is the best case of all that I have had -LRB- and I guess also the largest -RRB- . It is a little bit heavier than I expected but this has the advantage that you can assemble the clarinet with the case in your lap . -LRB- With the lighter Kaces , the supplies stored in the top zippered pocket cause the case to tip in that mode , requiring a bit more dexterity if you want to assemble sitting in a chair . -RRB- There is a roomy top zippered pouch -LRB- similar to the Kaces -RRB- with a couple of zippered smaller compartments inside - one with perforated sides for ventilation and with several pencil holders . -LRB- The Kaces in addition had two zippered flat compartments that were very handy . -RRB- Inside there is a nice compartment for music -LRB- not large enough for a traditional music folder , but large enough for orchestral works -LRB- 14.5 `` x9 .75 `` x1 .5 '' -RRB- . There are two elastic-closing compartments for reeds , swabs , etc. - either of them being larger than an other case I have owned.As I do n't mind the extra weight -LRB- there 's a shoulder strap if you wish to use it -RRB- it 's my favorite case !
 I got this case as a present from my parents . This is an awesome case . I have my reed case , tuner , cleaning supplies , neck strap , and much more in the interior pockets and the sheet music compartments hold my 2 etude books and 2 music folders that fit nicely and there is still a little bit of room . The outside pocket fits more than I thought . I love this and am glad I got it .
 This is an extremely sturdy case with plenty of room for sheet music , books , reeds , and other accessories . It 's great for keeping all the clarinet stuff together in one package . It is bulky , though , and may not be the best choice if you want something easy to manage for everyday use . For example , it does not fit into a backpack for carrying to & from school easily with other items . You will love it if you need or want the bulk for all your stuff , but you will dread it if you prefer a small package that is just big enough for essentials .
 This is probably the best clarinet case I 've ever used . Yes , it 's a little large and maybe a little bulky but a small price to pay for its excellent protection and unbelievable storage space . Spare mouthpiece , a second barrel , extra reeds , even an instrument stand ; no problem , and it will also hold as many as 8-ten standard practice and song books . Even fully loaded the comfortable handle makes carrying this case a breeze . If your walk is a bit longer attach the included shoulder strap . It 's even adjustable enough to wear with the strap over your head , leaving your hands free for other things . Add to all of this a five year warranty . I could n't be happier and definitely recommend this case to anyone looking for quality , protection and space in a case . Absolutely an &#34; out of the parker &#34; .
 I love this case . Compartments on inside have lids to keep things from damaging your clarinet and fit all of the stuff that I like to keep in there . Music compartment is large enough to hold at least three standard music books . Front outside compartment also holds a lot . The only thing I do n't like is that my previous case had an outside pocket on the back to hold additional music and this one does not . Overall , a great case .
 This is my 2nd pair and I have found they hold up much better than several of the other brands of gloves I have tried . They improve the grip plus take a good amount of the slap out from playing heavy rim shots .
 Really nice gloves . However , the extra pad on the right thumb is NOT on the left thumb . A mysterious oversight in design or a defect , I am not sure . The gloves should have extra padding on both gloves , not just one . Drumming is an ambidextrous activity after all.NOTE
 My boyfriend 's played the drums for a couple of years now and I noticed his hands would get swollen while and after playing them so , I decided to get him a pair of gloves and I was told this brand was good however , I have to say these gloves surpassed my expectations !!!! They fit perfectly , the quality is good and my boyfriends just loves them ! The only complaint I have is that I sent Brook 's an email and they never replied , which I find very disrespectful but other than that I 'm happy with the product and what I paid for it !!!
 Got these for a young friend who just got a set of drums . Some of the drummer forums said they were good gloves . They were a hit as a Christmas gift ! Thanks !
 snug , nice grip , and no more blisters from the drums . however the only complaint I find is the stuff on the inside dyes your hands black for a while and you have to scrub a bit to get it all off . after about 6 or so uses it does n't do it as much
 These drummers gloves fit perfectly.I 'm glad I bought them.The seller was very prompt and his speed was quite fast.I did speak with him on the phone before I purchased and he was very friendly and helpful.I will do business with this seller again , if I have a need.These gloves are fulfilling a need that I had.I used to put wax on my sticks in order to grip them , but the wax began to dry out my hands and they cracked.These gloves allow me to eliminate the wax altogether .
 I used them for a year , twice a week without unconvinient . Now , in the trash .
 I 've got a 1960 's era Selmer Mark VI . What is that , a 11-12K horn ? I 've been looking for years for a bag that was light but HARD sided . Finally , this ProTec bag appears . Dudes -LRB- and dudettes -RRB- this is it . I 've spent THOUSANDS over the years getting the horn body worked and realigned , finally a light case and lots of padding with a hard shell is here . This a great investment.Negatives - It is ONLY a tenor case . The side pockets are useless for anything but minor stuff and there is no way to stuff a flute or even piccolo case in the side . Even your extra mouthpieces needs to be wrapped and stuck in the bell , but your horn is way safe . This is a great case . I am now a pilot for major airline . So far , no dings , no damage , and multiple complements . It 's a bargain case with a premium function.Blow cool dudes , Don Jorge
 My 13 year old son got this case for his birthday awhile back and it has been great . He has no problems trying to carry it through school . It has held up well . After one year of being tossed in the trunk of a car , loaded and unloaded off the school trailer for parades , stuffed in lockers and just the general abuse that horns take in Jr. . High . This case still looks brand new . The original case that came with the horn broke in 6 months . This one is perfect and there has been no damage to the horn during all this abuse . The pockets on the sides are big enough to hold his flip folders , extra reeds , and much more . I would recommend to anyone that is looking for a case that this one is great !
 An excellent case . Fits the big bell from a 1963 Buescher Tenor nicely . Very impressed with product . Wish it came with the backpack strap as standard equipment though .
 Lightweight , easy to carry . This is a great bag . My daughter plays tenor sax , and she is pretty petite . This case has been a great find , as it 's durable enough to be bumped around on a school bus , but lightweight enough for her to handle . The quality is good , the pockets are a great bonus , and overall I would highly recommend this case .
 Used this case for a few months now for rehearsals and gigs . It 's fairly lightweight , yet sturdy . This model added velcro straps to secure the neck and mouthpiece , which each get their own compartment . Plenty of storage space in the topside -LRB- outside -RRB- pocket , but I do wish the bottom pocket was n't there - it 's useless if you want to store something in it and still set the case down to open it , or makes the case tip over if you put something lumpy in it . Otherwise , well designed .
 This case is very sturdy and well worth the money . We originally bought a lower end case for a nice Yamaha Tenor , in under a year of high school use the case was disintegrating due to poor construction combined with typical adolescent care . The handles and zippers were both failing on the cheaper case so off we went looking for a new shell style case suitable for daily travel.Features that make this case great include the solid wood shell , wrap around fabric handle and overall superior construction of the zippers , interior and the heavy exterior fabric with bumpers . The side pockets are OK , slightly small ... not big enough for music sheets but adequate for reeds and accessories . The handles are terrific , padded fabric with reinforcement to the case body and the mounting points provide nearly perfect balance and comfort.Fit is outstanding for a Yamaha YTS-52 , the quality of construction is excellent and overall the value is superior . Do n't waste your money on lower end or soft cases , buy a nice Protec once and be done .
 I got my first Protec tenor case about 8 years ago and was never really happy with it . It started falling apart after a couple years , and finally failed completely about 2 months ago . I looked around online for a replacement , leaning away from Protec , but after looking over the redesign for the newer model , I decided to give them another chance . I am much more impressed with the build on this case , and how well it holds my horn . One of the side pockets is large enough to hold a flute case , and the other one is almost big enough to hold a fake book . The backpack strap is also definitely a good investment with this case.Overall , for the price , this is a wonderful gigbag to take to rehearsal or a local show . Have n't put it thought the rigors of air travel yet , but I have a feeling it might not hold up to the TSA .
 I bought this bag for my son . He is in high school band . He loves it . It is durable and so light . He hated to carry his instrument to school every day . Now it is no problem . He just slings it over his shoulder and is off . The bag also protects his new tenor sax . I would buy it again .
 I play a Semer Mark VI tenor sax . It 's valuable and I wanted the utmost protection for it as I go to my gigs . I was also needing a lighter weight case . This is it and I 'm very satisfied .
 Very well built , just one minor flaw . They seem to have built the neck pocket to accommodate an alto neck , rather than a tenor neck . The neck sits very wierdly in the case as a result . Does n't seem to harm it , but makes it something short of a 5 as a result of the lack of attention to this detail .
 The case is EXCELLENTLY made . I really trust it with my horn , you can tell that the materials are high quality and I feel like if I dropped it my sax would be fine.The only thing I was n't expecting is that the case is a tad heavy , or at least heavier than the hardshell case that originally came with my horn . I guess I 'm just not used to having a seriously heavy case because I 'm mainly an alto player - and I hate lugging heavy stuff around the city.But in all , it is a great buy , very stylish , and I 'm impressed .
 Much easier for our son to carry back and forth to school than the big rectangular hard case . Seems to be pretty strong . As to durability , and whether it will protect the instrument as well - time will tell . We 're all very happy with it so far .
 This case is really beautiful . It is lighter than I had thought it was going to be , looks even better in person than in the picture , is durable and is so much nicer/easier to carry around than than the rectangle cases . I also bought the backpack strap that can be used with it and I 'm happy I did . Fast shipping .
 I have a Selmer , Mark 6 tenor . . and it fits into the pro-pac like a glove . Love the extra pockets located on the outside of the case . Do n't like the way the two handle halfs snap together , have to line them perfectly
 This case delighted my son-in-law , for whom it was a gift . He had recently bought a vintage tenor sax without a case and is very happy now to have proper protection for it .
 our high school band player loves his Tenor Sax Pro Pac . It is light weight and durable . Along with the Padded strap -LRB- sold separately -RRB- he is able to transport his saxaphone easily .
 I bought this case over the summer for my tenor saxophone and I was very pleased !! I have a student tenor as well as a professional one and they both fit into this case perfectly . The design of the case is stunning , as well as the durability of it . It 's light , well padded and looks professional . It does come with a shoulder strap.The only problem I had was the fact that the case does n't come with the backpack straps . I would honestly recommend investing in these backpack straps to get even more use out of the case . They are very handy !!! Also , there is a descent amount of room in the two zip-up pockets on the case -LRB- one on each side -RRB- for reeds , etc. but just not enough depth in them to store music.Great Investment ! Awesome saxophone case !!!
 We purchased this Protec case to replace a broken hard shell case for my son 's tenor sax , and decided to buy another one for my other son 's alto sax for which we had a worn out soft shell case . These cases beat both of our other cases . - very smart looking case available in multiple colors . My kids liked choosing their color . - Exterior is a very sturdy-looking fabric . - Contoured design gives the instrument adequate protection while minimizing the bulk of the case . Most rectangular cases are bulky . - Internal storage is sufficient for all of the components of the sax as well as some cleaning supplies . There is an additional zippered storage compartment on the outside of the case which provides more than sufficient additional storage . Very convenient and easy to access . - there are handles on the top and end of the case , which make it very easy to move around in tight spaces . - Shoulder strap makes it easy to carry . We bought the additional `` backpack straps , '' which we thought would make the instrument easier to carry walking to and from school , but the boys do n't use them . - plastic `` feet '' on the bottom and end protect the fabric while the case is sitting on the ground , and allow you to stand it on end , which is nice for storage .
 I bought this for my teenage son who play tenor . I figured that he needed a lighter weight and ` cooler ' case than his old rectangle . He loves this case . Lightweight , solidly built , protects the tenor well and he doesnt look like a middle schooler toting his sax to school . The ability to attach a shoulder strap is a nice touch sinc ehe carries so much including school bag , and sports equipment .
 was looking for a new case for my tenor , and all pointed to this , after seeing some of the reviews i decided to get one ... this case is worth every penny . cant say much since all the other reviewers have commented on everything about the case , all i can say is that i am very happy , and i will keep my eye open for protec products .
 I received this as a gift , and I love it !
 Solid case but just a few comments . The desciption implies it comes with a shoulder strap . It does NOT . Also there is no extra storage of any kind . No place to store reeds , neck strap , etc. . I 've never encountered a case with absolutely zero extra storage before.Other than that . a fairly sturdy case . If you 're looking for a case to protect your childs horn thru the rigors of school , this will work . Good for school age children but not for anyone other than that age group .
 I bought this as a gift for my husband . He seems to be very happy with it , sound quality is good , and customer service has been good overall . I would recommend this product for an intermediate player
 This case is so good that my husband who has been playing in bands for over 35 years -LRB- and has 6 guitars of his own -RRB- teased my son about stealing it ! Well-padded with a great pocket and shoulder straps . My son took it to his father 's house for his Christmas visit and it worked great to protect his first guitar the entire week .
 My son got this case for Christmas 2004 to go with his First Act Electric Guitar . At first I thought that this case was going to be way too big for the guitar . The guitar he has is a smaller version of the regular electric guitar and the case just looked hugh compared to the guitar . But , the guitar fits great and the case is not too big . My son can store extra picks and sheet music in the outer zipper pocket and it has a strap to carry on his shoulder . I would recommend this case to anyone buying a guitar . Great option .
 great build quality , the zips are sturdy and in the main compartment there is space for pegs and pencils which are a must for rehearsalswould definitely buy againprobably 15 dollars too much thoughgreat product
 The sellers comments are correct this horn is a well built horn that really holds up . The Lacquer has started to wear in a few places mainly the neck and low Bb key . -LRB- but it is 10 years old now -RRB- It still plays execellent with no major repairs or pad replacment needed yet . I was very skeptical at first being a fairly unknown brand built in asia -LRB- mine was made in Tiawan -RRB- but I would say it plays every bit as good as any pro-line yahama or yani I 've played and it cost less . It does n't have as dark a tone as some European horns Ive played but I have found with a nice Meyer Mouthpiece it is a very versitle insturment for the price .
 For a long while I resisted the notion of pedals or effects of any kind . `` The amp should and guitar should do it all , '' was my line in the sand . And , truth be told , I DO N'T think effects should carry the lion 's share of the ` sound ' burden.That said , there are things a lot of stock rigs are n't capable of doing . Many -LRB- most -RRB- amps do n't have tremolo , so if ya want it , it 's stomp box time . Many amps suffer from poor ` verb or no verb , especially the smaller , coveted Fender variety . So ... another box is necessary . And so forth.A 7 band eq ? How does that fit into the configuration ? Is n't that tone-queer territory , where one pores over sonic minutia forvever and never really gets things dialed in ? And besides , the concept is so seventies . I did n't get it , or maybe did n't want to.I purchased the Fish and Chips largely out of curiousity , born out of rave reviews about it . Let 's face it
 A must for any active guitarist who want to tweak tone . It produces no extra noise . For an 8 band eq with a 9th slider for volume , $ 30 is a huge bargain . I 've seen no complaints about this pedal . I 've had it for years !!
 Seriously , this is a great pedal . I ca n't improve upon what others have said , but I will mention a few points .1 . I use this after the preamp or dirt boxes for a lead tone , or to add more crunch to my Fender Frontman 212 when inserted in the effects loop . It 's run before time based effects -LRB- delay , phaser , etc -RRB- for me .2 . I sometimes use it before the distortion as a clean booster , while focusing one of the sliders to boost a few frequencies .3 . If it gets noisy or `` self oscillates '' after a while , change the battery to a fresh one . Better yet , use an AC adapter.I found out about the last issue after reading a few Harmony Central reviews . Otherwise , it 's been on my setup for about seven years . I take care of my stuff .
 These Danelectro pedals are great quality for the money . I use this pedal behind my dirt pedals for added flexibility and bringing out some more `` brilliance '' to the tone . The case is plastic , not very attractive , and perhaps not very sturdy . Also the button to push down for the effect leaves a bit to be desired -- it does n't feel very solid . But I intend to use this more for recording than live use , so I 'm not worried about that . Anyway , there are n't many EQ 's on the market , and for the price , it ca n't be beat . I would recommend it .
 i like it . nice pedal with other overdrive pedal . you will get tone what you want . it is my first eq pedal . super one
 Always get great service from Musicians Friend ! This Danelectro pedal exceeded my expectations . I have been gigging for 40 years , and have tried many pedals . I keep coming back to Danelectro because you just ca n't beat what you get for the small amount of money you pay ! This pedal is studio quality . The casing is built cheaper than some , but it 's inside what counts ! Buy it !!
 I 've been useing this pedal for several years and it does the job . Yes , it could be metal , and I wish the button gave a satisfying ` click ' when I step on it . For under thirty clams I can look past these things . I have not had any issues with noise -LRB- crackling or oscillation -RRB- . I really have no complaints at all with it 's performance so I am glad I did n't shell out 3-4X more money so I can feel more secure when I unlatch my pedal board in front of gear-snobs . I do n't think I need to run this pedal with every amp I own but it does a great job ` opening up the sound ' of boxy or dark sounding amps . When I run it in the effects loop of my Palomino V8 -LRB- great little practice amp btw -RRB- that little amp sounds HUGE . Also great in front of my Blues Jr. . If you own an amp with a single tone knob -LRB- Pro Jr , Valve Jr etc -RRB- or if you find your tone stack lacking responsiveness you owe it to yourself to buy one of these . Even if you are satisfied with the responsiveness of your amp 's controls , this pedal can double as a volume boost when playing lead . Once my sound is dialed in , I leave typically leave it on and forget about it . It 's also pretty indespensible for shaping the sound of your amplified acoustic guitar -
 Well , just got one of this and been messin with it for a couple of hours ... I still think it takes a bit of brightness on bypass but when it 's on it 's great ! I 've been thinking on using it mainly as a boost for leads but it sounds so much better with it i ca n't seem to turn it off!it 's light , small and it looks well built but only time will tell how resistent it is but hey for 30 bucks it 's a great deal!This is a good EQ for an excelent price , not an excelent EQ so i give it a 4 out of 5 and look forward to testing some others danelectro pedals .
 Bought this little guy to change up my sound and it did the job tenfold . Looked small and puny at first , but do n't underestimate its quality . I thought it was just good with clean sound , and wow did it amaze me when I switched to a distortion channel . It really keeps a long tonal frequency and I thought that was awesome .
 I 've been thinking about adding an EQ to my pedal board and decided for $ 30 bucks one of these would be good to experiment with . I 've read some complaints about this being noisy but I have n't noticed any noise yet , I currently have it placed right after my dirt . -LRB- OD/Distortion/Fuzz -RRB- I 'm still messing with it but it 's definitely a keeper . My only complaint is that the input/output jacks are too close so theHosa IRG-600 .5 Six 6 inch Guitar Patch Cables , Low-profile Right-angle to Samewo n't fit , but that 's really not a big deal .
 This is essential identical to the Boss GE-7 , but in a smaller , plastic enclosure . It 's not the sturdiest pedal , but it does sound quite good . It is very transparent sounding with very little noise . It has the same frequency bands as the Boss version and works like a champ . It has PCB mounted plastic jacks , so if you 're rough on gear , do n't expect it to hold up to the rigors of the road . Mine sits mounted in the middle of my pedalboard and stays on most all of the time for a mild mid scoop , so it does n't see much abuse . For the money it 's tough to beat these little Dano Mini effects . Not `` boutique '' quality , but good enough for rock n ' roll .
 I bought this EQ pedal after reading many good reviews , and it is my first EQ pedal . I 'm glad I did
 You 'd be surprised at how much better you can make your tone with an EQ pedal . This Danelectro pedal is a great addition to any guitarists setup . The only thing is , it 's not the sturdiest pedal , and the button to switch it on and off is a joke . Also , it adds quite a bit of fuzz , but this is n't a problem if you have a noise suppressor . All in all , you 're getting a ton of customization from this pedal for a really small price .
 This is a sweet lil ' 7-band EQ . No fancy features , no huge price tag . It 's quiet , and does exactly what it 's supposed to.For applications where you need more , an MXR 10 band EQ is the one to go for , but considering that this is 1/4 the price , it 's always good to have one or two laying around . I 'm using this one with an Ellis Stomp Box to cut the highs for more of a kick drum sound.EQ 's are an essential part of any musicians arsenal , and these are cheapies you can use for applications where tweaking is needed more than full on tone shaping . This is my 4th or 5th F&C. ; They 're fairly reliable , but I had one of my cats pee on the old pedal , and now she 's a goner . -LRB- Pathetic , but true -RRB- Pick one up , and one day you 'll be glad you did .
 I been playing guitar for 12 + years now . I play lead and rhythm . I needed a good EQ to sometimes scoop the sound a bit since I have a variety of guitars and they all sound different -LRB- some too much on the low and the others too much on the high -RRB- . I do n't like interfering with my mixer and amp settings and decided to get a pedal EQ instead . A boss EQ is solid and all yes but cost ALOT more . This EQ achieves almost the same results and I paid less ! It has it 's own level BTW .
 Originally I purchased a Behringer EQ700 equalizer pedal for my rig . It was cheap at around $ 20 + some change but like the other reviewers noted , it 's noisy with hiss . So I took the advice of another reviewer & bought the Fish & Chips model by Danaelectro and it 's terrific.I plugged it directly in line on my SKB pedal board , turned them both on , turned on the amp , put it on clean then distortion channels while cranking up the volume to max & no discernible hiss nor hum . Mind you this is not a boutique pedal so there is a tiny bit of noise at full volume but not to the point it is noticeable.This pedal has a cool 1950 's style & appearance . It has a great punch when you raise up the Level and the tone selections are great to help model various guitar & amp sounds . For a modifying pedal , you can not go wrong for the $ 30 price tag . If you 're in the market for a great 7 band EQ pedal , then you 'll be hard pressed to find one for the price of this one.This product rates 5 out of 5 possible stars .
 I owned a Boss graphic eq many years ago and never really took to it . Ah , the folly of youth . First , this pedal is dirt cheap , but the build quality actually seems very solid . The sliders have a nice feel to them , as does the on/off switch . If you have any tonal issues with your amp then a graphic eq is an easy solution . No , it wo n't make you love an amp you hate , but if you 're ALMOST THERE , or even just want to add some sonic variety , you wo n't really realize how useful and vital a graphic eq is.My rig right now is a strat and jazzmaster into a Pro Jr. . I love the amp , but as the volume goes up the treble gets a bit piercing . I 've been able to tame that issue with this pedal . It 's a subtle thing . It takes some time to play around with the sliders and figure out what will really hit your amp 's sweet spot - at least in my application , where I 'm leaving it on all the time . This pedal would also be good for a solo boost , as it has plenty of output to make your leads punch through.Overall , for this price , you ca n't go wrong . This is one of those pedals that has a million applications and will always have a use in my setup . I 'm thinking of getting a second one and building a pedalboard specific to my acoustic rig -LRB- comp , eq , chorus , reverb -RRB- .
 Had this for about a month - it works great , and for 30 dollars , it was a heck of a bargain.The construction is ok - it 's plastic with a metal + rubber bottom , but seems study . Battery is easy to get in and out , and comes with one -LRB- but is not shipped connected to the terminals -RRB- . Signal wise , if on , it adds a tiny amount of hiss and static , which raises the noise floor by a hair . The noise is n't noticeable unless you are paying attention when turning it on or off.Works great in front for a clean or unclean boost , but I tend to use it in the fx loop - where it does what it 's supposed to do . I think it 's a must for getting the most out of an existing amp setup , especially if the amp 's EQ is n't doing it for you , or the cab or speaker choice is less than optimal - this thing fixes it all!I would definitely choose this over more expensive EQs , but I tend to take good care of my stuff .
 Ya i needed an eq and was tight on cash so i searched around and found this one was good priced but was still sceptical but when i got it i was very impressed with it and have not evan thought of replacing it ... its a good buy
 First of all , this thing is tiny ! it 's like a pack of cigarettes . I love Danelectro , great alternative to the generic-looking and overpriced boss pedals you see everyone using , even the neighbor 's dog . Do n't abuse it and it will serve you well for a long time . Jacks are still made of plastic but as long as you do n't step on the cables it is a quiet pedal . Not a `` true bypass '' effect , but that concept is overrated BS . check this video for a Buffered vs True Bypass showdown
 For the price mine works good , sometimes it makes scratching noises when I move it & it 's not the heaviest construction so only 4 stars , but if your looking to shape your sound a eq pedal beats a amp every time !
 I bought this EQ pedal to use with a 70 's amp project . I replaced the speaker and needed some mids so I bought this pedal to use for a clean channel . The EQ and boost works great for being a plastic box . I have seen the F&C ; be called ` pure gold in a plastic box ' on a Telecaster forum and read reviews all over the net saying the same thing.The EQ works wonders for tone and is priced less than it 's MXR and Boss counterparts . I am not going to rehash all the other reviews , but I use it with a bass/guitar amp and it works surprisingly well with the old amp and a passive bass . The boost combined with the 2 low bass EQ 's works wonders for low end.I use a Boss GE-7 EQ pedal with a different amp , and the F&C ; works as well as the Boss as long as you do n't mind the cheap construction from Danelectro . I do not gig with the pedal so the plastic does n't matter to me . I am wondering how long the switch will last though , but at this price , who can be critical.Some Danelectro pedals can be sorted into the novelty realm , but this one is actually very functional and can open up all new sounds . I also tried the EQ with a Telecaster and the pedal gave me alot more bass and low end . I hope this lasts as long as my old all plastic FAB distortion that I bought used for $ 5 .
 Great replacement . Worked great on a clarinet case . Old one broke off and the new one just clipped right into place .
 perfect strap to go with skb trumpet and/or cornet case . good end snaps , not those terrible `` clips '' that kill your fingers . good padding .
 These monitors are truly stunning . They are among the finest near-fields I have heard . The soundfield seems to widen when heard through the SP8s . The sound is incredibly true to the source , yet what separates the Event SP8s from other monitors in its price range is the detail . You will notice things that would go unnoticed on other monitors.Amazing product .
 When our youngest began band in elementary school this year , we had a saxophone we were able to fix an old saxophone , but the case needed replaced -LRB- due to bugs -RRB- . This case was perfect and is holding up very well
 No extra pockets , but no dents or bends so far . No extra pockets , but no dents or bends so far .
 After many weeks of reading reviews and comments about various cases and realising that most cases were either too dear or cheap the one case that stood out from the pack was the SKB440.The SKB440 won out for just because the design was right , the quality is high and the price is good.I like the padding , the fit is good even with my SML from the 1950s , so it 's quite universal unlike some cases out there . The addition of a place for the neck to sit safely is great . Other contoured cases require the neck to sit in a pouch in the bell . The outer shell is rock solid and does seem to be mostly indestructible . I love the solid clip-hasps especially since one of them can accommodate a padlock . Whilst not water-resistant the case when closed seems near-to water resistant , well , enough to protect the instrument on a rainy day anyway.The strap d-rings are a great addition , although I 'm not sure I use a shoulder strap personally , it 's good to have the option.The outer pocket is perfect for reeds and bits and pieces.The 440 comes with a pouch for the bell to put mouthpieces and things . It 's a little bit thin for me so I 'm using a BG bell pouch instead . But the SKB supplied pouch is still good enough for the job.I 'm not a touring artist or anything just the odd jaunt here and there . For international baggage handled flights I would probably spend another two or three hundred bucks and get a Walter Johnson , Hiscox or Mike Manning but for students , casual players and those not roughing too much it the SKB440 is an excellent case ; it 's got good looks and sturdy construction - I 'm very happy with it !
 My daughter received this Karaoke Machine for her 7th birthday and loves it . It is a very reasonable price for all of the features it includes . She loves being able to see herself on the screen while she sings . Yes , it is n't the most `` High-Tech '' picture , but it 's fine for the average person wanting a machine for fun . Having two microphones is also great . You just have to `` play around '' with the various controls -LRB- echo , mic volume , etc -RRB- to find the best sound . So far so good , great value at under $ 75 .
 I am sorry to read that other people are having such a hard time with this karaoke machine . I 've had mine for two years and it still works perfectly fine . We 've used it for several kids parties and family fun nights . I 've even taken it to work for our company parties . I love it ! I must admit that I too had several issues when I opened the box for the first time - but guess what people ? ... It 's called troubleshooting ! Yeah ! Did you even read the instruction manual ? Just about every complaint I 've read about so far from other reviews can be resolved by just reading the manual and following the directions for troubleshooting . The camera works great . We pop a blank tape into the VCR and tape everyone singing , then watch it later and laugh . It 's so much fun . The sound is good , but even better if you hook up to your own stereo.The words only appear on the screen if you use a CDG CD , which is how it 's meant to work . There are hundreds of thousands of CDG CD 's out there to choose from . Something for everyone ! Overall , I give this karaoke machine 5 stars and recommend it to all ! Have some fun !
 I bought this for my husband and 7 year old son for Christmas . After I had placed the order I read a very poor rating for this product . I was scared after that but luckily the Karaoke worked like a dream . We all had hours of fun on Christmas and everyday after without any problems at all . The quality of sound took abit of adjusting but once set it worked like a charm . The video camera worked well too . Kids and adults love watching themselves sing . I highly recommend this machine as a gift for either an adult or child . They should include earphones for thoughs of us that ca n't carry a tune though . -LRB- hee hee -RRB- Happy Singing .
 Within minutes of taking out of the box we were singing and laughing ! The other reviews lead me to believe that they do n't know how to hook it up . It is awesome , you can see the video playing on TV . The graphics on the 5 '' screen are great for singing along.For $ 30 shipped , this is the steal of the year !
 This was fun from the moment we took it out of the box . My kids played with it for several hours straight . They love to look at themself and even though the picture is black and white and a bit fuzzy , they had so much fun . I love having two microphones so they can both sing and play together . And my son , who struggles in school with reading , is practicing reading skills while he sings , and he does n't even realize it , but I have seen his reading speed improve dramatically .
 I ordered this item from MusiciansFriend . They shipped it out the day after i ordered it and i received a day before the earliest Estimated date . The only problem i have is that when i received the package , the Cymbal box was not factory sealed , thus telling me that these were probably not `` new '' Cymbals . When i opened up the box I noticed that the Cymbals were not held together by the Plastic ` screw ' that normally keeps them from knocking into each other during travel . The plastic screw was found at the bottom of the box . After A few minutes of being mad at Musiciansfriend , i decided to see how they looked on my kit . As i pulled each Cymbal out i inspected them for any dents , cracks , or stick marks telling my they 'd been used . I found a few minor scrapes on a few of them but this was probably from them not being packaged correctly . After i set them up among my other Cymbals i started to play . The Hi-Hats sound Wonderful , opened or closed . The Crash does not have a long sustain which i am used to , rather it has a nice quick ` attack ' , which I 'm sure I 'll come to love . The ride could be better , especially the bell , I 'm gon na stick to using my Zildjian ride occasionally switching to the Meinl for a different effect . The china sounds great as well . Whether you have it placed with the Bar Code on top or bottom it still gives you a nice effect . Overall I 'd recommend these Cymbals for Beginner to Intermediate Drummers , Or if you have other Cymbals that you can fall back on if you do n't like the sound of one of the Cymbals . If your Looking for a Set that 's not going to break the bank , go with these over the Zildjian ZBT 's or Sabian B8 's , .
 Instead of getting the set of entry level cymbals from Meinl -LRB- HCS class -RRB- I decided to go with these -LRB- the MCS class -RRB- which are one notch up , and made of B8 Bronze instead of alloy like the others . Even if you 're not a beginning drummer you 'll like these cymbals . I 've been in a dozen bands as a guitarist and bassist , and I know the sound of good cymbals , and these are it . Meinl have officially recruited me due to superior quality at a great price . Chris Adler of Lamb of God ca n't be wrong !!!
 This was my first real set of cymbals . -LRB- My previous having no brand and coming with a cheap drum kit -RRB- So anyways i probably do n't have too much experience with other cymbals but these were really amazing , aside from being packaged incorrectly i mean . The hi hats sounded nice and crisp and when you open it , it sounds great as well . I did n't expect that at all but if you hit it near the ` bell ' of the hi hat , it sounds kind of tinny . Also , I 've had it for 3 day and the coating it looks like , seems to already be coming off on the edges on the inside of the hi hat and on the top where i hit it a lot . The crash at first seemed not splashy/crisp enough as i like it . But I 've already gotten used to it and it seems great right now . The ride is giant -LRB- probably because I 'm not used to it -RRB- and really heavy but the sound is great . The bell however could use some work . I got this with the 16 ` classics china -LRB- free -RRB- and this is probably my favorite of the pack . It sounds really trashy and just great to play with . Overall , the sounds go great together and i already love them
 ... these are a sweet addition to your percussion setup ... compact , good sound and LP quality ... super price with very low s & h from Brook Mays ... get em ...
 I 've purchased several SKB cases for my tenors . They are all sturdy , well designed , and give the unadervtised benefit of holding older tenors with the bell keys on the opposite side , at least the lower priced models do . This case holds my Mark VI Selmer , I have n't tried to put my old Conn 10M in it yet . I bought this one because of the extra storage space , which eliminates the need to put the neck and mouthpiece in the bell . It allows my mouthpiece to dry out faster and hopefully will prevent my Fibracell reeds from delaminating , which they have been doing by staying wet in a mouthpiece pouch . So far , it seems to be working . It 's also nice to have a small pouch outside for carrying extra reeds . I 'm quite satisfied with the case .
 It is awesome I hope I would be able to buy another one . I love it very much thank you .
 Just what my son need for band its lite weight perfect for my beginer love the outside pouch for the mouth pieces
 My son had destroyed a soft case and a cheaper hard case prior to buying this one . This case has held up very well under the abuse .
 I purchased a SKB Contoured Pro Tenor Saxophone Case for my Grandaughter from Amazon because here in Australia it is too hard to find a good Quality Case , and even if I found one here you would have your 's freighted in plenty of time for Christmas where here in Oz I 'd still be waiting . Thank you for a great service . JOHANNES SIGMUND
 My 1941 Series II Big B Aristocrat Tenor sax fits great in it . So does my big-bell Buescher 400 . From the photos , it appears that the older ones may have been red inside . This new one is black inside . I really do n't see any other appreciable difference with the photos of the older model . There is a contoured compartment to hold the neck and a separate fairly large compartment to hold mouthpieces , tuner , neck strap and/or other swag . The padding appears pretty thick and the case is very light . I believe it is ABS plastic instead of fiberglass . Latches , hinges and hardware appear heavy and well-made . I 'm not sure what the little nylon pouch on the outside of the case is for , but I 'm sure it could come in handy . The case is fitted with two small d-rings to attache a carrying strap . But no strap was provided . There was no paperwork in the box but I was able to go on-line and register on the SKB website . The case has a lifetime warranty . Overall , this is exactly what I wanted . It 's a light tenor case that does n't take up much room and it has compartments inside so I do n't have stuff things down the bell of the horn . I 'm pretty happy . My total cost on Amazon with free shipping was $ -LSB- ... -RSB- USD .
 What can one say when a Johnson BK-250 is played ? I say terrific.Pro-tip
 Case is very durable and looks nice . My son was able to attach a shoulder strap to the case and ride to band practice on his scooter .
 Good fit and finish . Looks bombproof . Holds cornet securely so that it does n't move around when the case is shut . Small storage area is lined . Stackable to save space . Outside D-rings for a strap . Has good latches instead of suitcase ones . Great product .
 I searched and searched for speaker stands for my studio . Most were made of wood , expensive and could not be adjusted . For accurate sound , the speakers need to be placed in specific relation to the ear - obviously this changes based on speaker size/configuration . Wanting to be smart with my money and not wanting to buy stands later if my monitors changed , I knew I needed strong stands where the height could be changed . HARD TO FIND ! The next closest stands like these -LRB- different brand -RRB- cost more for much lower capability - they do n't hold as much weight , their plates are too small to be stable and they do n't have the same height-adjustable range . These On-Stage stands hold a whopping 100lbs and have OVER-size plates ! These are fantastic and waaaay exceeded my expectations.IMPORTANT
 There is no doubt that On-Stage has created simple , affordable stands , but it also makes them cheap sometimes . Now , the stand is made of metal , which is good , but the wood-floor screws were INSTANTLY stripped when I wanted to put in the rug-friendly ones . The grooves were made of PLASTIC . Who uses that ? Also , the main beam began wobbling and I had t tighten it up again while I was positioning it around my station . Finally , on top is a non-skid surface . It 's not full covered -LRB- I would 've preferred that -RRB- , but it 's also a cheap material and you can see that it is because I noticed in one of my stands that there was an incomplete strip that they made up for with a separate rubber strip piece , so there 's a slash down on side.Whatever , they do the job . But I 'm not dying to tell everyone to get On-Stage stands . They do okay for what they 're worth . If you 're on a tight budget though , you ca n't go wrong . It 'll do what you need it to do . Although one thing is nice , it 's adjustable to various heights and includes a pin to hold it in place . That makes me happy . = -RRB-
 These things have served me well for a few months now . I have two JBL 4206 monitors on these -LRB- nothing special -RRB- - they are 15 lbs . each and I do n't have any issues . However , I used some velcro tape - putting one part velcro on the bottom of my monitors , and another part of the velcro on the stands.I have these stands on carpet where I live , and would not have put my monitors up on the stands without the velcro . There is n't really any nice solid way to mount the monitors on there , from what I remember.Just a note , not sure if they tell you this - but each stand comes with either 3 `` spikes '' to use if you have deep carpet , or 3 flat bottom peg/screws to mount on hard floors .
 I 'm very pleased with these monitor stands . They 're sturdy , stable and well-made . Assembly was very simple . They are supporting some Prodipe 8 monitors , which are quite heavy , and are reasonably stable on a wooden floor .
 Nice adjustable stands.Balance is good even with heavy studio monitors like Behringer.Alienated bottom feet is what makes it look COOOOL!Stop searching for other stands , this is the 1 !
 This is going to be a fast and simple review.These speaker stands are meant for medium size speakersI use them for my KRK Rokit 5s and they fit perfectlyThey are not for oversize speakers or dj speakersMy estimate would be no more than 30 poundsThe stands have a great shape in the bottom reinforcing the stance making it difficult to tip overThe base at the top is very big!Overall a great product for Medium size speakersVery durable and sturdyThe stands do not tilt and the previous stands that i had didhttp : / / www.amazon.com/Adjustable-Satellite-Speaker-MS06BP-1SP/dp/B000VRREPG/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&qid;=1360143527&sr;=8-6&keywords;=speaker+stands MY OLD STANDS IN THIS LINK
 I reviewed many monitor stands before deciding on these . Frankly , I was a little worried as the cost for stands can vary and these were on the lower side . I do n't mind paying extra for quality , but most other reviewers were very happy and these stands were adjustable -LRB- mandatory option for me -RRB- . Anyway , I was a little worried when these showed as the package was n't as heavy as I thought it should be . However , these stands are very rugged , look professional and do a great job holding my large 8 '' monitors . I also purchased the foam isolators , but my monitors seem more stable without them -LRB- surprising -RRB- . I would have given them 5 stars if they were a little more heavy at the base and I would have liked a slightly larger plate where the monitors sit or even optional plates that could be exchanged if needed . To be fair , the monitor plates are larger than the other stands I reviewed , but they still could be bigger for my application . If you need an adjustable monitor stand , then these are an excellent choice and they are priced low enough that even if you decide to upgrade later it wont be too painful . Bottom line , I am very happy with my purchase .
 Overall these stands are good for what they 're worth . Easy to assemble , sturdy , nice sized top plate for my monitors -LRB- KRK rokit 8 's -RRB- . I would 've given 5 stars but like one of the reviewers said the cable clips were also broken upon opening the box and one of the stands brand sticker -LRB- it says `` On Stage Stands '' -RRB- was scraped up pretty bad .
 The little plastic footers are cheap , but every thing else works fine for my uses . I have Behringer studio Monitors on mine .
 It was time to get rid of my homemade speaker stands . New monitors were coming , and the 30-pound heft of each monitor called for serious stands . These are up to it . The tripod base comes with both pads and spikes . A few minutes with a carpenter 's level and they were nice and flat . The minimum extension is perhaps a little high for larger monitors , but it was just right for me . You could easily raise monitors so they could be heard from a standing position . There are a couple of cable guides that snap into holes in the tubing . They 're too small to be of any value -- you 'll end up using cable ties like I have.The overall impression these give is solidity . Even on carpet , they 're steady enough to make me feel a lot better about the security of the speakers . They 're perhaps a little crude in appearance -- not ugly , but showing their heritage as portable stage gear . If the visual presentation of your studio is important , you 'll be looking for bespoke stands . If you just want to get heavy monitors in the right place , these will do it nicely .
 They hold up speakers like no other stand , and you get two of them in a box ! what a deal .
 This works well with my Mackie MR8 MK2s at home . Nice design , firm , and can hold just about anything . lolOne major plus is that is has a locking pin that will hold a lot of weight ... a monitor is nothing compared to what it can hold up.Highly recommend it ... * I even use this on carpeted floors and it does n't wobble .
 The stand arrived quickly and was n't missing any parts . These hold my BX9s in place and for the price they feel really solid . Good Buy : D
 I had some OnStage monitor stands before and I thought they were pretty good ... but I had sold them thinking I would just use an amp for a Casio WK7500 I had . Then I stepped up to a Korg Kronos and Korg Karma -LRB- maybe dated but still a great portable keyboard -RRB- . So I needed monitors and stands . The SMS6000 are well built and extremely stable . Much better than the other stands on had . I would recommend these to anyone . I have M-Audio BX8a 's on this and they seem highly stable . Not sure you could go with a bigger monitor , since the BX8a 's take up the entire footprint . Adjustment mechanism is very easy and secures very well . No worry that these are going to slip or anything . Nice base - that allows you different options on whether your surface is hard -LRB- mine is hardwood -RRB- carpet or something else .
 Bought these today . It may not have directions but it was easy to assemble.Holds my M-AUDIO Bx8a 's perfectly . Very sturdy !! Would definitely recommend this to a friend .
 Good solid stands , easy to assemble , inconspicuous in the corner , relatively stable , not ugly , attractive , well worth having , good investment
 I have used these stands several times at my mobile DJ dances . They are very lightweight and function well . I use moderatly heavy Behringer 15 '' woofer speakers and the stands hold them well and crank up easily . No problems found and they were delivered quickly and did n't cost an arm and a leg . I would buy these again .
 I have a pair of these stands , purchased them for a discount buy !!! . They are well design and sturdy for speakers up to 100lbs . Don , t need a drill to crank up your speaker , smooth lift guide , easy to setup . Great for only one person to setup . For the price . Great !!
 After brainstorming a solution to my somewhat unique problem , I came up with this nifty speaker lifter . I have a pop-up camper on my truck that requires some effort to lift the rear then the front of the roof into locking position from the inside of the unit . Rather than shouldering the load -LRB- literally -RRB- , I utilize this lift devise to push the roof up . It works great , even with my two kayaks on the roof ! I realize that this is a bit unorthodox but , it saves my back and works very smoothly with a cordless drill or hand crank !
 Raise 80lbs or 36.7 kg ? -LRB- Stated rating . -RRB- ... Rather you carrying speakers that size than me , mate ... But these featherweight wonders WILL do just that.Let 's be quite clear about their unique mechanism . SLANTED grooves -LRB- on the outside of its internally re-enforced riser tube -RRB- mesh with the crank 's winding gear to form a screw jack , ... decidedly NOT the rack and pinion or `` cable and reel '' solution offered by most others.Why am I prattling on about this ? Because , when UNclamped ... the screw jack is the ONLY mechanism of these that will remain solidly fixed unless it 's actually being cranked.The riser 's knobbed `` locking '' bolt therefore becomes optional , mainly to prevent acoustically induced rattles or buzzes.I 'm not exactly a featherweight , being around 95kg or 210lbs . Applying my full weight -LRB- plus G-forces -RRB- could not force ANY retraction whatsoever when `` pogo sticking '' an inverted SS8800B that was extended ... WITHOUT its `` locking '' bolt being screwed in . -LRB- Incidentally , the fact that this stand will also allow its load to be elevated by a drill-chuck is a fabulous , if totally unnecessary , luxury . -RRB- Having said all of that , I 'd like to add a word that 's critical -LRB- in lots of ways -RRB- in respect of the stand 's spreader position as depicted in its `` brochure '' snapshots.Under NO circumstances should any speaker be mounted with the tripod base 's legs angled as shown . The stand should only be loaded AFTER the correct deployment -LRB- for maximum stability -RRB- of the spreader mechanism , a procedure I 'll detail below.I find that working the legs upside-down is often the easiest way to both start and conclude their spreading . -LRB- Of course there 's no way I 'd ever consider mentioning the possible use of a similar technique for other activities . -RRB- Here 's how :1 -RRB- `` Over-spread '' the legs past their largest `` footprint '' .2 -RRB- With the base 's large `` locking '' knob UNclamped , plant the stand in its intended location .3 -RRB- Use your full weight -LRB- probably a lot less than mine -RRB- to bear down above the crank housing so as to find where the tripod spreader is most `` happy '' to sit . This is the position of highest stability , which will have the triple-hinged leg collar a lot lower than shown in the snapshots .4 -RRB- Only then should you lock the spreader mechanism , safe in the knowledge that you 're now NOT relying on its clamp for stability.Also , I often use a pair of -LRB- or , very rarely , even three for a `` hurricane '' -RRB- 15kg -LRB- 33lb -RRB- shot bags for wind-loading . Alternatively , you could use three -LRB- or more -RRB- of these : Heavy Duty Light Stand SANDBAG HEAVYDUTY SADDLEBAG DESIGN 4 BAGS HOLDS 20LBS OF SAND NEW 4YELLThese are best added AFTER the above procedure , -LRB- but before the speakers -RRB- by dint of sliding their webbed strap `` handles '' over the entire centre column -LRB- the removable crank 's a great help -RRB- so that the bags end up `` dangling '' between the legs , their strap handles securely hooked over the stand 's triple-hinged spreader collar.Hooked this way they 're not only less of a `` target '' for mischief , but they 're also securely transferring their effective ballast to the lowest possible centre of gravity , -LRB- right to the very end of the stand 's legs -RRB- while simultaneously forcing correct deployment of the spreader mechanism.All in all , this is finest and most `` back-saving '' rig I 've used in over forty years of rigging audio worldwide.It 's also one of the cheapest .
 I 've used quite a few guitar stands in my 20 + years playing guitar . I prefer wall hangers best , but that 's not always do-able . This stand may look simple , and may cost a little more , but it 's worth every penny . Without a doubt the best stand I 've ever laid my hands on . Not only does it fold up in a millisecond , to a compact , portable/storable size , but it is rock solid to the max when it 's unfolded . The two sections , one in back for electric instruments , one in front for acoustic -LRB- or electric -RRB- , each have neoprene covering their very stout `` feet '' . The whole stand is made rock solid , like a tank . The two slots each fit a wide variety of instrument shapes and sizes . Forget the idea that you need something holding your guitar neck to keep it upright . This stand cradles your instrument in neporene and rubber -- your axe is not going anywhere . Believe me , if it could happen to anyone , it would 've happened to me . Not a single problem in the three years I 've been using mine . Just the opposite . Sweetness and joy at this product being built so well , designed and manufactured to high standards . Do n't hesitate .
 Built rock solid , folds out easy . Was a bit hard to figure out how to best set the acoustic and electric into . As it came , with the acoustic in the front cradle , the electric would impact on the head/neck of the acoustic when removing the electric . Removing the acoustic to get to the electric is not an option . Bending the long back side arms back a small amount , angled the electric back enough to give enough room to pull the electric out without impact , while the acoustic stays in the front cradle . Works well . No danger of the thing tipping over at all .
 This is a great product for home or stage use - it is solidly built and protects the instruments well . It supports one acoustic and one electric guitar -LRB- or mandolin -RRB- , or 2 electric guitars . Should last a long time .
 Sits flush on carpet , wood or tile floors . It is VERY stable and slight bumps to stand or instrument are safe !
 Works like advertised , but see other comments about various guitar fitting issues.Currently I 've managed to hold a Fender Telecaster and a Les Paul on it
 I was a little hesitant to buy this . Looking at the picture I thought it too closely resembled another stand that I found flimsy and unstable . I was wrong . This is the most solid stand I have ever owned . I researched it and found nothing but praise so I took a chance . The only other consideration was that almost everyone said they had to bend back the two long supports on the electric side in order to keep two headstocks from knocking together . I do n't know how this flaw slipped by onstage but it is true . But , bending them does work . The materials are sound enough to take the bending and once you do it , it works exactly as described . I had been using it for two Telecasters -LRB- hard to find stands that accomodate them -RRB- and it worked perfectly . Even better I decided to use the acoustic side as a stand for my practice amp -LRB- A Fender Frontman 15G -RRB- and it works peerfectly . You can plug and unplug your guitar without the stand shaking or wiggling , heck , you could n't kick the thing over . After watching my Teles tip over and slip out of other stands I am completely sold on OnStage in general and this double stand in particular . I 'm getting some more to use at gigs .
 This stand is perfect for holding two Guitar Hero guitars , keeping them safe in a high traffic family room .
 Very sturdy solid construction . It is low and process a place to store the guitars without taking up a lot of room .
 I purchased this product to store the Rock Band and Guitar Hero guitars on . Works great !
 I use this guitar stand for a child 's `` First Act '' acoustic guitar in the front , and a standard electric guitar in the back . It 's perfectly solid and fine holding those items , and is handsome enough to display in my family room . I recommend this product .
 This is the perfect size stand for apartment living . My husband keeps his acoustic and electric bass guitars on it . It 's sturdy and well made .
 This was for my son for his two guitars . The acoustic would have some trouble fitting in the back holder portion without scuffing the face of the guitar but with the acoustic in front and the electric in back , it worked perfectly . We have thick carpet too so this design works well and is very stable compared to the tripod stand versions which are unstable on thicker carpet .
 great stand ! holds both my basses , it 's compact and lightweight , yet sturdy . excellent choice for the gigging musician who prefers to bring a second or backup instrument to the gig .
 I have a Fender electric and acoustic , and this stand fits both like a glove . Holds both guitars well , and is easy to pack away if need be .
 I like this stand , I have it holding a guitar and bass , it 's easy to get to either and they feel solid when your put them on this stand . But they tried to hard with the bottom bars that hold the guitar the made it for an acoustic and did n't think about covering the top triangle brace completely so you can scratch the back of an electric guitar . Yet , that is the only flaw with this stand and I can live with that , they only lost one star for that issue .
 This stand does help with the two guitars but it 's not like one of the pictures posted on the site . I have an acoustic and an electric guitar and the guitar that sits in the front touches the neck of the one in the back . Besides this everything is fine .
 This little beauty holds an acoustic and electric guitar in a very small space and footprint , perfect for a cramped stage , which is where I use this
 What they do n't tell you is that it also works well for an acoustic guitar and a banjo . Folds up , light weight ... perfict .
 I switch between acoustic guitar , mandolin , and banjo when playing live , and needed a way to have instruments at the ready without cluttering up the stage with tripod stands . My only concern with this one was that I could n't find out ahead of time whether instruments other than guitars would fit.It turns out this stand is pretty versatile . The front arms are made for an acoustic guitar and the back ones for an electric , but my banjo can fit comfortably in either slot , and the electric guitar space can accomodate a mandolin or an electric bass guitar as well.Other reviews have mentioned the low center of gravity , and this stand does indeed seem impossible to knock over . Every instrument that I 've placed in it seems to rest firmly and securely , with no tipping over or sliding around . I also appreciate that the stand folds closed for transport and is very small and low-profile . I highly recommend this as an unobtrusive way to store multiple instruments .
 I play a bunch of instruments and it 's really nice when you can fit two in just a little more space than is occupied by one . I have a couple On-Stage single stands and like their quality so when I saw this I figured I 'd give it a shot . I was n't disappointed .
 This is a great product . It 's sturdy and holds my Washburn and Dean without issue . I thought it was well worth the price .
 Nice , simple guitar stand . I bought this to replace a typical tripod guitar stand with a padded C-shape cradle for the guitar neck . The cradle piece was connected to the body of the stand with a crappy spot weld , which broke when a cat knocked the stand -LRB- and my guitar -RRB- over . This design is better in a couple of ways.First , it does n't touch the neck of your guitar at all . It has a padded , high-friction top that you rest the back of the body of the primary guitar against . There 's a large contact area with the back support and with the cradle , which does a good job of keeping the guitar from tipping over sideways . The fact that it does n't have to reach up and support the neck keeps the center of mass of the stand very low , making it more stable.Second , Instead of a tripod , it has a quadrilateral base , which makes it stable in more directions . The feet of the stand are also provided by 2 bars that lay more or less flat on the ground , which also contributes to a low center of mass . With a tripod , if you cut off the top , and only have the feet structure , your center of mass is already up off the ground.The construction is very solid , and my girlfriend 's cats have n't managed to knock it over in the months since I got it . I anticipate I 'll be using this stand for a very long time.One issue people seem to run into is that if your primary guitar has a very angled back headstock , it can interfere with the secondary guitar , but you can bend the rear supports a bit to compensate , which I 'd rather do than go back to a tripod .
 This double guitar stand is the ticket . Takes up a lot less room than 2 separate ones .
 The thing is , you can only put the acoustic guitar in the front . This makes retrieving and placing the electric one from and to the back somewhat inconvenient , depending on how much care you put on the guitar and how often you need to pick up the electric one . Overall , it 's good . It does what it says .
 I was looking for a stand to hold my guitar stable , not tippy , or flimsy.This one is rock solid.It folds up for fast carrying , has nice padding , also is the first stand I ever bought.I like it .
 My daughter got an electric guitar for Christmas and we needed something to keep the new guitar and the acoustic off the floor . This fit the bill perfectly . Very easy to set up ... she is only 9 and it does n't take up alot of space . Arrived quickly and is sturdy . I think it will last ... until the next guitar ! Great value for the money .
 my son has an electric and an acoustic guitar . this does the trick . it is very sturdy . he loves it .
 I purchased this originaly for just my two guitar hero guitars and it worked great ! Then I purchased two Rock Band guitars so it works out perfectly it fits all four great I am very happy with this product everyone loves the stand not just for the functionality but the aesthetics also.Definitely worth every penny remember if you play either games it is a great investment so your children do n't leave the guitars on the floor or somewhere else to get damaged .
 I really like my capo , the blue looks good with my light natural finish accoustic , and it works as it should . However , I feel like it deserves 4 stars simply because it could be a much more robust product . For example , I think the bottom part of the clamp should be a little longer , and rounded -LRB- the back side of a guitar neck is rounded , after all -RRB- . The spring could definitely be tighter ... I do rarely notice buzz from not quite being tight enough . Also , the design is fairly nice , but it 's mostly aesthetic ... it 's not really super comfortable and easy to move around necessarily.Don ' t get me wrong , this is a rather good product , and it 's priced about right . It just is n't a high end product/5-star perfect .
 Chances are you 're looking at this product because it 's one of the cheapest ones on here , that 's what brought me to this capo.Works great , I believe I got my money 's worth and more . Simple , straight-forward and works like it should .
 When I first tried the Capo on my guitar , I was a bit skeptical . I felt like the neck of my guitar was going to break ! However , I put the capo on and played . I loved it ! It makes transitioning very easy too .
 I ordered the Kyser Capo and could n't be happier !! I must admit that the PINK color was what ultimately won me over :-RRB- . However , it is also extremely easy to attach/detach from your guitar . If you are a beginner like me , having the capo will make it easier to learn chords and excite you to learn much faster ! I recommend it to everyone !
 I have been using different capo but Kyser 6-String Capo is the best so far . It stays in place and does not make any of the strings muted when played . Changing keys is a breeze . I am able to even shift keys in the middle of a song . I 've triedFender Accesories 099-0401-001 Smart Capo Electric Guitar Strap - Standardbut it was messy as it did not really clamp very well despite a very `` clever '' mechanism of clamping and unclamping as Fender claimed .
 A very solid capo that can switch frets quickly , and is completely hassle free . Also very secure and holds the strings down tightly .
 I actually purchased this capo to assist in making adjustments to my guitar neck . Since then I used it for playing . It works well and seems to be a high-quality product . For the price , I 'm very pleased with it .
 I love this capo . It covers the strings great and is actually curved unlike the last capo i bought by DADI or some cheap asian company . Only thing I would recommend is to not buy the gold color because it 's more tan with little sparkles in the paint than gold .
 I had a cheap no-name capo with the kyser design but it was n't a kyser . I bought this one and it is worth every penny ! The Kyser capo is EXTREMELY easy to clamp and has good ergonomics . It holds the strings down really well and does n't mess up or scratch your guitar . This is by far the best capo on the market !
 Bought this capo for my jasmine takamine electric-acoustic . Works like a charm . Some capos are $ 20 + and people are willing to pay for it because the notion of `` you get what you paid for . '' Do n't be fooled by this reasonable price . . it really IS a great capo . You can pay less without sacrificing quality . I would buy this capo again .
 Kyser capo is a very good functional capo for all your acoustic guitars . The curved hook like lever arm does make gripping a little difficult in the beginning .
 Kyser has proven to me that it makes quality products . I first saw this capo used by my cousin and saw how firm , yet slick it was . I use this capo almost every day and I 've never run into any problems . If you need a capo and like the silver color , get it .
 I love this capo . It 's easy to use and does what it 's supposed to do . I 've never had issues with string buzzing using it .
 Probably the quickest capo you can put on and off . It 's really great for live performances - that 's why I own these . This capo usually does n't change the tuning of the guitar either since it has a really great standard tension . Recommend to everyone who needs a capo .
 This item doe n't need to be mentioned that much for its quality . This capo is way better than other cheaper ones . Working smooth and hold tight . Does not have issue for moving on fretboard . I can recommend it !!
 Nice product for the price . Ca n't find any flaws with it , have been using it and it makes sound so crisp with my takamine guitar . Love it .
 This is a wonderful little item to have . I was pleasantly surprised by the value of this item . Great item for a better price .
 Nice tight strong fit . Works great . Very low price too . I highly recommend it for beginner to long time pro .
 I bought one of these capos and I must say , they 're pretty good . They stay on , and are strong enough so they stay on . These things even come with a one year warranty -LRB- pretty awesome -RRB- and have a very stylish , first class look . I say it 's the best brand around , so I highly recommend one of these bad boys .
 First off , I 'm only an amateur guitar player . I bought this capo after I lost my first one . At first I was put off by the pics because of its design , but when I saw it and started using it , I instantly loved it ! My previous capo did n't have the capability of remaining attached to the guitar head -LRB- hence why I lost it in the first place -RRB- , making this capo much more convenient . Convenient , great price , and does its job well ... I highly recommend it .
 It does n't buzz , it 's easy to change , it 's very durable , it works on my electric and my acoustic , it has a life time garuntee ; What more could you ask for ? I recommend 100 % to anybody with a guitar .
 i have enjoyed my capo so much . it has really helped me with my singing and song writing . thank you . sharon andersen .
 `` Capo '' is Latin for `` head '' - it 's mighty handy to change your guitar 's `` head ! '' This little clip-on wonder is the world standard , and the price is right . Thanks , Kyser .
 I was a little hesitant at purchasing this capo because of how cheap the price is ... but I have to tell you , it works so well . It seems to put the right amount of tension on the strings so that it gives a nice , clear sound when playing but not so tight that it tugs the strings and alters your tuning . I have n't had any trouble with going from using the capo right back to playing without it without having to re-tune . I thought that the pink would be a little bit darker than it is -LRB- it is a baby pink color -RRB- but it still looked very nice.It has solid construction and I do n't think I will have to replace it for a very long time .
 Just learning to play guitar . Purchased this a few months ago and love it . Its so easy to use , does what its supposed to do , and the price was great too .
 got here really quickly . im over seas and still got it in just 7 days really impressed . nice capo works nice . fits well on my classical guitar .
 I like Kyser brand of capo because they are easy to use and can make quick transition . I love the fact that Kyser is coming out with different color capos . I like silver the best .
 good capo - good thing with this capo is that i can keep it on guitar head.it works good and reasonable price .
 This is the first capo I have ever gotten before so I ca n't really compare it but it gets the job done and you can take it on and off easily to change keys .
 this capo is great and i love the camo scheme . I freaked out when I misplaced it and was glad when I found it . I should order another
 I needed a capo for my guitar . It gets the job done but i did find it cheaper at Sam Ash Music Store .
 First capo I 've used , but I ca n't think of anything to criticize . The stars and stripes theme is done well . Paint was done nicely .
 Ca n't go wrong with these ! Simple product , well made , easy to use , nothing defective about mine ! Happy with my purchase .
 This was a gift for my grandson who continues to take guitar lessons seriously . There was no mystery as to it arriving in time for Christmas . Thanks for your great customer service . Howard
 I use a capo a lot when playing guitar , and this has been my capo for years . When I lost my original , I bought another one , and I 've never had a complaint .
 I 've owned Kyser capos for years and absolutely love them . My only problem is that my grown sons -LRB- and other well intentioned , but misplaced folks -RRB- often walk off with my capo after playing one of my guitars . I bought pink figuring this might abate the disappearance of my capos . Anyhow , well see if my theory is correct .
 Great capo , and loved the pink color ! Fits on my guitar without issue , and shipped on time ! Great product , would recommend it .
 Exactly what I wanted . Strong spring and easy to use and switch around . Visually appealing as well , nice paint color .
 There 's not too much to say about this Kyser Capo . It works great on my acoustic , is very easy to use , is of good build quality , and the price was right .
 Kyser makes a great capo ! I have had several of these , but this was my first camo . I was playing my guitar in the woods and I set my capo down and could n't find it - probably wo n't go for camo next time , but there will be a next time ! Great product .
 Kyser is definatly the kind of capo you want!This is the best ! I use it for most of the songs I can curently play and it never fails me ! It is very well built for any level player ! But this is probibly the best you can buy!Dont think twice about the screw on ones . Theses are a bit more money but you will use it for a life time !
 The title says it all . I got it for $ 16 -LRB- free shipping with Amazon Prime -RRB- , which is cheaper than my local music store . I keep it on the head of the guitar , and it is easy to add , move , remove . With the trigger-type release , it makes it one of the easiest quick-change capos I 've used . It feels sturdy enough -LRB- lightweight aluminum -RRB- . And best of all ... it works !
 I 'm new to playing guitar and after about six months of lessons - I felt I was ready for a capo . I looked at capos my friends have and I checked out several sources on line and found the Kyser to be the best and least complicated . It just clips on - no screws , straps , bands , bolts or anything . The capo is well made and works very smoothly . This capo will not damage the neck of your guitar - it 's heavilly clad in rubber . It 's also the nicest looking capo out there .
 This capo is simple to use . It is very quickly placed on and off the neck with a snug fit to securely fret all the strings evenly . The colors is vivid and stays looking nice .
 Love this capo . It 's the perfect color , and it holds tight and does n't slip . It 's kinda hard for me to move at times it 's so strong ! LOve it !
 Brilliant capo . I have used this poor thing to death , and it holds up very well . Great quality , well worth the cost .
 I got this capo for my granddaughter for Christmas . She is 13 and it is an easy capo for her to put on and take off of the guitar . The extra padding keeps it from scratching the neck of the guitar . Much better than many capos I have used .
 Reasonably priced , good padding to protect the guitar and a very strong spring . Worked great the few times I 've used it .
 This thing works great and looks even better . I have gotten some fun looks when people see it up close . Nice to have a quality capo with a little personality thrown in .
 I have n't used alot of other Capo 's but these are ok . This is probably my 4th Kyser Capo , the rubber usually comes off after a while but I do n't know why I like and keeping this particular type of Kyser Capos . Its just easy to use and it grips on well .
 It does what you need , seems sturdy . Though I 'm unsure if it 's worth double the price of my previous capo .
 I 'm not trying to get political ... but we are fighting a war in 2 countries . I promise you order this product and you will be around a camp fire singing courtesy of the Red White and Blue.BTW if someone says why are you playing that stupid song with that CapO ? ... You remember what The Show would do . # 1 -RRB- Finish your blue ribbon . # 2 -RRB- crush your beer can ... we do n't recycle anymore . Not cause we do n't care about the environment . No one should be returning beer cans for nickels after they just drank 29 . That 's 27 more than out enemies can . # 3 -RRB- And Yell AMMERRICCCAA . That 's why.if the guy is bigger than you , than make a serious face . . pause for a moment and say ... I did n't know your mother raised a traitor . And take your beating like a man . USA .
 My son asked for this Capo for Christmas . I searched all of the well known guitar stores but was unable to find it in the camo color . So glad it was here on Amazon . He LOVES it .
 I bought this for my son-in-law for Christmas . He is delighted with it . He uses it on his Camo Guitar .
 Another Christmas present . Amazon makes it easy to do my shopping . I do n't have to go all over town looking for presents .
 it works great I would recommend this for anyone although shipping was a day late .
 I have used a few different capo 's this is far and away my favorite . Very easy to take it off , holds the strings tight . What more can you ask for ? Does what it sets out to do and its inexpensive .
 I love this capo . It works well and it 's stylish . Plus , as someone else stated , the boys do n't make off with it .
 I love this capo . It has such a cool look to it and I love the pink and how I 've donated to a cause . I love playing my acoustic guitar with it on . So fun !
 Fast , reliable and quality construction make this a great capo for live performances . Highly recommended .
 Capo is sturdy and well-made . Easy to use and will last a very long time . Great brand .
 exactly what i was hoping for - cheaper than GC and arrived within a few days . thanks everybodies .
 I bought this capo for my teenage daughter who plays the guitar and has been borrowing her father 's capo . She is very pleased with the way it functions and it appears to be sturdy . I think it is a good value for the price .
 Easy to take on and off . Delivers a proper sound without much trouble . The handle sometimes gets in my way , so I just nudge it back off the fret a bit and the tone is still true . My instructor recommended it and I 've been happy with it .
 This is a great capo . It is generally regarded as one of the best capos . Strong , solidly built , and pretty reasonably priced . Mine 's not that old , but I 've seen some really old ones , so it should hold up with extended usage as well .
 I 've had this capo for three years now and it still works as good as the first day I got it -LRB- no signs of wearing down either -RRB- . This capo is easy to use and light weight . Fits in your pocket and has a great design . It 's the easiest and most convenient capo to use ! Do n't worry about it affecting the sound of your guitar , it holds a tune very well and does n't leave any indents on your strings . It 's durable and it takes a second to move it from one fret to another . Best choice in my opinion .
 Never owned a capo before this one . A little worried about the rubber peice that holds the strings down wearing out , or becoming indented and staying that way . But what do I know . A piece of paper came in the package saying if it does wear out within a year I can get a new one for 5 bucks and if after a year its 10 bucks , so that 's cool
 Absolutly love it ! It 's a grand step up from my pen and rubber band homemade capo :P recommend to all guitar players at any level !
 I chose the patriotic design for obvious reasons . It is lovely . Clear shard silk screening . The capo itself is really good . It is very snug on the strings .
 Five stars simply because it works very well , the price is right and it looks great . I use a Yamaha Classical Guitar , so I was concerned about it fitting properly , but it works great and is easy on my strings . Very happy overall .
 I was a bit iffy about ordering one for a lower price , but I 'm extremely happy now about not wasting my money on a more expensive one . It 's perfect for just about any guitar -LRB- I 've used it on 4 different guitars -RRB- and is easy to use . No screws , no big moving process . I 've used it almost every day since I got it over a month ago , and it 's shown no signs of flukes yet . As far as sound , there were no &#34; buzzing &#34; or any unwanted noises caused by the capo . The back of the neck remains unmarked thanks to the bottom cushion . Overall , a pretty amazing product for a great price !
 at first i was kinda hesitant about buying such a cheap product that maybe the capo wouldnt clam down on the strings tight enough but i was wrong the capo worked great
 I 'm going to admit right now , I do n't play extensively . But I 've had this capo for two years and it still works well .
 best capo ever . does what it 's supposed to do , sturdy , tight , cool colors , and it 'll last you forever , assuming that you do n't lose it first . pretty much indestructible .
 i got pink cause nobody would steal it , and we all know how often capos get stolen from people pink is great
 No complaints . I bought this Kyser capo for my guitar student and she loves it . I bought a kyser because I 've had the same kyser capo for almost ten years and it is as good as the day I bought it . It is sturdy and easily holds down all the strings . You do n't get any buzzing . -LRB- If this is for a small child -LRB- 10 + under -RRB- , note that it might be a little hard for them to squeeze the handle to put it on the guitar . My twelve year old girl student can do it ok . -RRB- Definitely recommend a Kyser capo .
 It works good . Notes are clear and no buzzing.However , my daughter is using it and it is very stiff to press , so she is having hard time moving it around or removing it .
 Seeing as this is my first capo I ca n't really say whether this product is better than another . It is however very durable and it does n't destroy your stings due to the padding it has . It had fast shipping and no problems .
 Really stylish capo , functional.See `` Be yourself '' from audioslave video
 I 'm in Japan but the Kyser Capos here are over US$ 30 . Order sent from Kyser and delivered fast to FPO . The Freedom Capo I received is n't the main one pictured but the one posted by Phantom that has little US flags on it . It looks great and works like it should .
 My gold capo is very pretty and handy . I have n't really used it yet but I 've tried it out a bit and it holds down the strings like its suppose to . The only problem is its really tight and not very easy to get on and off without fear of pulling out a string or two . It takes a really strong hand to unclamp it but overall a good capo . Just keep the warranty card in the packaging and follow the recommended care instructions to keep it like new .
 Bought This For My Daughter Who Got My Martin When I retired , After 50 odd Years Of Performing . And Whats Not To Like ???? Its Pretty For A Gal , And She Sure Likes It So Much Better Than The one she had to tighten with a turning knob !!!!!! She Loves It !!!! Thanx Amazon , You Are A Great Company , And You Allmost Always Beat The Competitions Prices I Am Sure I Will Be Ordering From You Again ! ~ !!!! Sinc . Bob Sackman
 I bought it for my brother , and he said it 's very convenience and easy to use . You can just clip it on and off easily , and it does have nice grip on the strings . For this price you should snatch it !!
 I love the design and the cushion on the other side protects your strings greatly . Comfortable to use and the guitar has great sounds both on my electric and my acoustic guitar . Now if only I could stop loosing them so I do n't have to keep ordering more .
 Could n't have asked for a better capo . Really efficient and sounds great . Delivered on time and has a great warranty . Highly reccomend . : -RRB-
 This is simply the best capo there is . If you play guitar and use a capo , buy it .
 I use the capo for my guitar and it sounds awesome . I like to put the capo on the first fret and when I play a song I made , it sounds really really good . The capo is very easy to use as well .
 I just started playing the guitar and had trouble turning pages without a stand . This product is small but extends to proper height . It is sleek so fits in with the decor of any home . I love it .
 Works perfectly on my 6 string ... Easy to put on and take off ... Holds my strings nice and tight ... plus its camo
 This Capo is a must for any guy . Many double takes on this item , as well as were we got it . Amazon sent it pronto , which helped because I could n't find this product in any of the guitar store were I live .
 Very good capo , been using them for years . Just do n't drop this one in the grass , you may not find it ! Pretty neat .
 the capo is just what i needed i recently purchased a camo accoustic and this is the perfect accentmy next addition will be a buckskin strap !
 This is a capo . It works . If you buy it , you will have a capo . There is no problem with it at all , and you do n't need to buy a more expensive capo , because this does everything a capo can possibly do . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I can not believe I had a guitar for 20 + years and never got a capo ! I knew of them but never got around to ordering one . I was inspired after playing with a friend who had one.The Kyser is easy on/off , and works like a charm . I 'm discovering all new keys .
 Just stop reading and start buying . Every real guitarist , especially the professionals , have this capo . You do n't need to read a review or test drive it to know a Ferrari is awesome , and this is the Ferrari of capos .
 The capo arrived three days after I ordered it . Some parts look a little subpar , but overall it 's a good buy .
 This is the best optimization of quality and value for money Capo you can get . Shipping was extremely quick too even though it was not through Prime .
 Recently bought an acoustic guitar and wanted to be able to play in same key as the professionals , this very inexpensive capo did the trick . And it looks very nice attached to guitar , which is also black .
 This capo works way better and easier than the old one and works fast with one hand .
 I do n't believe there is such a thing as a perfect capo , but this one is quite good . For those with reasonably strong hands it is pretty easy to use . It does a very good job of compressing the strings to the frets and is definitely well built . It is as with all capos , important to take it off when not in use so the `` rubber '' does not get grooved . This is just good common sense . If this lasts a couple of years I will definitely purchase another .
 Great piece of equipment . It does exactly what it is supposed to do.I have had the capo for about two weeks .
 I needed a capo for college , and i bought this one . The only thing i can say is that this capo does its job well .
 Holds all the strings tightly without causing any damage to strings or guitar . Exactly as described . I would definitely recommend
 Really nice capo that goes on and off quickly . I had the other snap-clamp type which was not easy to get on and off . The end of it tends to not clamp as tight , but I have n't had any issues with vibration at all . Would purchase again .
 Got it last week . . can play a lot of songs I have always wanted to play . Holds down very well on the strings , no buzz whatsoever . Good product with a reasonable price .
 I am a novice but this works great when I am in need for it ... I do not know the longevity of the spring but for now it is great and I would buy again without question ...
 This is my second Kyser capo . I love my first one as in it 's solid , dependable and tight and also a great price . I bought this one for my brother who is learning guitar and wanted a capo but was n't sure which one to buy . Do n't get fooled into buying over-priced $ 40 - $ 50 ones . Kysers are perfect in their quality and price point . -LRB- Plus I love this one in Camo ! -RRB-
 I like it , it works well with my takamine acoustic jasmine s35 guitar . And it looks good . Overall , I recommend .
 This is the first capo I 've bought , and it works great . All you do is snap it on and you 're ready .
 I ca n't imagine a better capo . It 's simple to use one-handed all the way , it 's much smaller , slimmer and unobtrusive than it looks in pictures , and it holds the strings down perfectly and tightly , without the slightest hint of a buzz . It 's the perfect capo . I 've only had it for a couple weeks now , so I ca n't speak to longevity , but so far , perfection .
 Love the capo , works really well . It seems pretty stiff , and kind of difficult to squeeze when putting on or removing , but maybe it 's just because it 's new . Otherwise , shipped quickly , pretty cheap , works well . No complaints .
 Great addition to my guitar equipment . I love the pink and the capo is easy to use . It provides a firm grip on the strings
 No muted notes after attaching it to my fretboard and the guitar sounds perfect . Strongly recommended for all budding musicians like me .
 This capo is very nice . Heck , it 's pink ! I could n't ask for anything more ! I think it 's grip is perfect , not too tight , not too loose . It 's fairly easy to open and close and makes those strings sing wonderfully . Love it !
 For the price ca n't beat it , its quick easy to use , and works perfectly.when not in use , I keep it clipped on the headstock .
 Ok , so I 've only had this capo for one day , and it 's my first one , but it works great . It takes a little bit longer than two seconds to move the capo for me -LRB- like , 5-10 -RRB- , but the gold goes nice with my dark chesnut-colored and gold guitar . Plus , it 's a little sparkly ! :-RRB- :-RRB- It seems like a good , strong capo that will last me a long time . I 've used it on multiple songs and multiple frets already , and it works well . : -RRB-
 I bought this 3 months back , it just takes few secs to put on and take off ... I dont use it daily or so , so cant say much about it leaving any marks on the fret board or the neck ... But this is perfect for those who use a capo occassionally , maybe also for frequent use ?
 Great product , there is nothing bad to be said about it . Not sure how you design a bad capo anyway .
 The capo works perfectly and looks classy as well . It 's easy to clip and unclip , while having enough tension to hold the strings down .
 Capos with thumb screws , or the strap on capos are always a pain to use.This Kyser capo is simple and works great . There is a lot of spring tension so it always holds the strings down firmly.Feels solid and seems high quality . Would highly recommend .
 I really love the color of this capo and it is easy to use . No trying to connect by pulling a stretch band to snap close . I highly recommend this product .
 I love this product . It is pink ! It is lovely ! It works like all capos should ! I would recommend it to anyone who wants to make beautiful music !!! : -RRB-
 I used this capo for about six months , and it has worked well for me . I found it easy to move around -LRB- it is slightly on the hard to press side , but doable -RRB- , and it covers all the strings well . It is slightly harder to use than a capo that I bought later , however .
 i had a gin dunlop capo before i bought this one . and as you can understand i wouldnt buy if the first one wasnt that lame . only now when i got Kyser i understand that even when was new my first capo never really did the work properly - it made my guitar sound not tuned . but Kyser is something else . its like a bite of alligator - very strong , strings have no choice but sound very clear . =] i like it very much . maybe there is something better there in the market of capos . but this is good to me .
 An awesome capo . Does n't need any adjusting-just works straight out of the box . The build quality feels good as well . Great purchase .
 When I open the gig bag , this pink Kyser stands out among the black accessories . And when I set it down and ca n't remember where I put it , it 's easy to spot . I 'll try to never buy another black accessory for my guitar .
 Yeah , the user keeps losing these all the time . Maybe if I attach it to something really big it can be found when needed ? Oh yeah , works great !
 Sturdy , easy-to-use and nifty little tool . The Kyser capo was recommended to me by a professional musician and I can see why . Great sound on both my electric and acoustic guitars with this capo . And the price was right !
 There 's not a whole lot I can say at this point . This capo seems to function quite well and is much easier to use than my previous spring-less , wrap-around style capo . Time will tell on long-term durability , but so far so good ! Nice little capo !
 Locks well , very tight - to the extent that I am afraid it will hurt my guitar neck.The appearance looks cool .
 I looked at many capos but chose this capo for 2 reasons .1 . the cost of the capo , it was one of the cheapst capos that I had looked at .2 . I had heard of Kyser as being one of the best brands outthere . I was not disipointedwhen I got this product i have used it everytime that I play.if you are looking for a great capo at a cheap cost this is the one for you .
 Long time Shubb user , but decided to try something different.I think I 've found how lazy I am . I ended up using the Kyser more often than the Shubb because of the fact that you can put the Kyser on the peghead.Reaching my hand to an always available position on guitars -LRB- i.e. the peghead -RRB- for the Kyser turns out to be much more convenient than reaching to something that is not on the guitar and that could change according to situations , e.g. maybe just by my side on the sofa in my living room , maybe a table or the floor in some other places , for the Shubb .
 Good solid capo . A good snug hold and very quick to take off/on .1 -RRB- LOOKS
 This capo does the job exceedingly well . Provides good pressure on the string . The price makes this capo worth it .
 Bought this capo for my girlfriend and she loved it . It was a perfect gift . She said the capo was exactly what she wanted . Very happy with this purchase .
 This is my first capo , but it is exactly what I was looking for . I 've had the chance to compare it to different capos that I have borrowed , and this is my favorite to use . Sturdy and convenient ... great buy !
 This is a good solid capo . It applies good even pressure on all six strings . I prefer the ones with some color to make them easier to spot when I set them down somewhere .
 I 've always used Kyser capos , so I was really happy to find it in pink ! I got a Baby Taylor guitar for Christmas and wanted a pretty capo to carry with the guitar . Works great - I 'm happy !
 This is the first capo I 've bought for myself . I was looking for something that is super easy to use , but of a good quality . My guitar is perfectly protected by the soft grips . Takes less than 10 seconds to grab the capo and put it on the appropriate position . I 've had it for roughly 4 months of moderate use , and this baby allows me to produce great sound without worrying about the capo causing me problems in any way . I 'd buy dozens of them if there were any reason to have more than one !
 The product got here within shipping date , good condition . Now my capo is distinguished from all the other guitar players in my church . Plus it helps a good cause .
 The capo was exactly what I wanted and just what I ordered . I love the pink ... perfect for the girl in me .
 This capo is really good - easy to use , and I love how my guitar sounds with it . I would definitely recommend it .
 This is exactly as described . It is a great capo for the price and gets the job done . Its a solid product that 's got great sound . I would highly recommend this product to my friends or anyone looking for a good capo
 It 's pink ! Need I say more ? I absolutely love my capo . It 's very good quality and looks good on my guitar ! Could n't have asked for a better product .
 The Kyser 6 String Capo is wonderful . This capo far exceeded what I had hoped for . I use is primarily on a 6-string Nylon string guitar and it sounds great.Don ' t let employees at guitar and instrument shops tell you that this capo can not be used on nylon strings because the sound is still top-notch regardless.Price is good , there is not complaint and works on electric guitars and acoustics with jumbo necks and frets as well .
 This works perfectly . It 's simple and very sturdy this is the best simple capo you can buy . I would recommend it to any looking for a capo , good warranty too .
 The Kyser KG6B 6 string capo comes with a 1 year warranty.If you have a problem within one year , return it to Kyser with $ 5 for postage/handling and they will replace it for free.If after one year you think the capo needs repair , return it to Kyser with a $ 10 check and they will replace it .
 This works perfectly . The capo is durable , it holds the strings down thoroughly , and it looks great . There is absolutely nothing wrong with it . Also , the price -LRB- including shipping -RRB- is a fraction of what I was seeing at Guitar Center.Happy strumming !
 This Capo is the best for the price . The padding goes right back when you take it off the strings fantastic for the price .
 My daughter love it , works as advertised . Would be 5 stars if did not had some sharp edges , witch can cause your guitar scratches .
 i was stuck in a world of normal tunes before i purchased this product . i couldntt believe the opertunities for new songs this item opened up for me . i absolutly love it . it is a very sturdy built piece and imm glad i got it .
 I got this thinking awesome it can hold down strings so the guitar sounds different . This is my first capo . I always seen friends and people use them but i never had a good enough reason to get one for myself . After buying something on amazon -LRB- black tusq nut -RRB- , I thought it could n't hard to buy finally buy one that was that good looking . The first week I got it I thought wow this is fun , and I soon found out songs like paint it black actually sounded perfect ! I was stunned on how it made some songs sound actually what I was looking for . I had it for about two weeks now and I would recommend this to a friend looking for a first capo . It seems like some kind of metal and is a nice look on any guitar , just do n't rest it clamping .
 This capo works very well and is easier in my opinion to use than most other varieties -LRB- I 've been playing guitar for 6 years -RRB- . You may be able to find them for a little cheaper at certain stores -LRB- guitarcenter ? -RRB- but if you do n't have one near you , this will be your best bet . Even though I paid a little more than I expected for this , its easy one-handed operation and effectiveness make it worth it in the long run .
 It 's what I expected it to be . Fast and reliable . I may order one more for my sister in law .
 It was everything I thought it would be . The picture looks exactly like it and it much earlier than I had expected !
 Received item earlier than expected and in good condition . Very good response from a friend of mine who is using this product .
 Works great . My 8 yr old daughter enjoys using it . She also loves the color .
 New to playing acoustic guitar and very happy with this product . Could possibly be a bit too fancy looking honestly but i kind of dig it . Does what its supposed to do and is easily put on and taken off unless my hands are sweaty -LRB- yeah i know gross -RRB- from playing . It has a very shiny finish so its kinda slippery . Other than that its great !
 A friend of mine has this capo ; I used the capo once and I was gone.I bought one the very next day , got it the very next week.Quick and easy , perfectly efficient ; it 's a great buy !
 One of the first purchases I made to go with my new classical guitar was the Kyser capo . Like all capos , it provides a solid bar across the full set of strings . I found the Kyser capo very easy to use , and very solid once it was put into place . It holds down the strings fully without any buzz or issue.I have had my Kyser for several months and have not had any problems with it at all . I will update my review if I end up someday having issues with it , but it seems to be quite durable and solid .
 I normally only use a capo to facilitate a `` dropped E '' tuning '' by capoing the top 5 strings at the second fret . Yes , I know that there are products specifically for that , but this actually works better . I also recently began playing guitar for a girl who transposes everything a step and a half up , and this works perfectly without causing intonation issues
 This works as advertised . It 's really simple so I would n't think there would be problems ; -RRB-
 Kyser makes the best capos - easy to put on and take off - and they hold where you put them .
 Ok , I will admit I am not a musician , but a I do play the guitar everyday just to get better at it . I got sick of the same sound I got every time I played it . This particular Capo brand was recommended to me by my musician friend . What a great addition to to my hobby . Now I hit different notes using pretty much the same chords I used without the capo.I would strongly recommend it to any one who is starting to play the guitar since it can be very disappointing when you get stuck hitting the same sound.By the way , this is a great brand . The capo is very well made and very classy looking and very easy to use . Remember , my musician friend recommended this for me and he is being playing for years and in a band .
 For every pink capo sold , Kyser donates a dollar to the Susan G. Komen foundation . Also , Kyser capos are made in the USA by Americans . A good product , a good cause , a good company , and good mojo ... And what better way to impress the ladies !? ;--RRB- Charity starts at HOME !
 I like the quickness of the capo . But , I 'm just restarting in the guitar world , and , ladies , it takes quite a squeeze to get the darned thing open and in place . But , as my hands get stronger -LRB- or is the capo getting weaker ? -RRB- it is getting easier to use . I pretty much agree with the previous reviews about its utility and drawbacks , primary drawback being the uneven pressure . But , until I get really great with the instrument , this will have limited affect on the quality of my notes .
 Allright , I 'm sure you 're trying to figure out which capo to get . To some people , it 's not a big deal making this decision . I look at a capo as another instrument and not as an accessory ! This one does everything you need , easy to take out and put back in , pushes the strings in tightly , and -LRB- to me ! -RRB- is better than the G7 -LRB- i think that 's the name of it -RRB- . The G7 -LRB- ? -RRB- is over 40 and it really does not give you the value it says it provides . What I mean by this is that it is an awesome capo but not worth over $ 25 . However , this Kyser capo -LRB- in any color -RRB- is exactly what a guitarist looks for , which is perfect sound and the ability to switch frets at any given time !!! When I purchased this capo I was between this one and the G7 -LRB- ? -RRB- and I truly would have still purchased this one if the prices were the same . I 'd MUCH rather get two of these for two of my guitars !!! However , do n't forget , this is ultimately your OWN choice . Try both out , I know many people are very satisfied with the G7 -LRB- ? -RRB- , but as an added benefit , Kyser has several colors to choose from , I got this gold one because it looks really nice with my acoustic and its strings . I hope this helped and keep playing : -RRB-
 Does exactly what it 's supposed to . I do n't play guitar that much these days , but this met my needs just fine .
 I ca n't tell you how many times I 've dropped this device . I 've been playing acoustic guitar seriously for about 6 years . O bought this capo at a local music store and was praying that it was n't some cheap piece that would fall apart.Well , I can honestly say that it is n't a cheapo capo . As I said before , I 've had this capo for close to 4 years and it still works as well as the day I bought it . The rubber is starting to form to the strings -LRB- but only by the 4-6 strings -RRB- . All in all , I would highly recommend this capo . It 's easy to put on and take off without the hassle of some of those other capos .5 stars all the way .
 It 's a solid piece of metal with rubber on both sides to protect the guitar . It 's easy to use . I 've had mine for about 2 weeks and so far it 's great . if I run into problems , I 'll update this review but it sure seems good so far.One thing I came across in the documentation that came with the product -LRB- and it was news to me , though totally logical -RRB- - the manufacturer recommends not parking the capo on the head of the guitar when not in use . They say that the rubber needs time to reset and go back to the way it was . If it 's always compressed , it wo n't work as well when you want it to . I have no idea how much parking it on the head would impact the life of the product , but I can understand from a logical perspective that it would impact product life -LRB- at least the rubber parts , which may or may not be easily replaceable -RRB- .
 Highly recommended ! The color is very accurate in the picture , which I 'm glad about . Usually , when I order something pink , it comes out `` dusty pink '' or something = __ = anyway , I love it ! :-RRB- It does n't feel cheap either , which is something I worried about . And ... yep get this if you want something cute and practical ^_^ .
 I 've seen and used many different types of capos over the years and they range from the very cumbersome and difficult to use to the easily breakable but I 've never used one as convenient and as well constructed as this Kyser one . It is by far the best I 've ever seen and I 've been using it for years now and it still works fine . It makes moving the capo quickly a cinch and the gold does n't corrode or tarnish making it look like new even after all these years.Very highly recommended !
 Product was recommended by my teacher , works just as he said it would .
 I just purchased and received this capo , and have also ordered the G7 capo . Why ? When perusing the internet acoustic guitar forums , including Martin guitars , there were several posts by very experienced members reporting damage to the neck of their instruments due to the tight squeeze of the Kyser capo . Some of the posters recommended ` breaking in ' the Kyser by using your hand grip to attenuate the spring tension . I am leery of doing anything that may indent or scratch my beautiful Martin D28 , so I ordered the G7 that had received accolades from the various forums ' members . Do your own research in addition to the Ama * on 's reviews .
 I wish this place was n't so far because I 'd love to see what their store has to offer . LOVE LOVE LOVEEEE this capo . And it 's pink . . :-RRB- It is a very strong and sturdy piece for any guitar . I use it on my acoustic and my electric . Thanks Russo and staff ! < -- Fast Shipping
 He has tried a good number of different ones and keeps coming back to this one . The only reason he needed a new one was because he willed his other two to his kids . He loves the way it holds the strings perfectly on his Strat and has found none other to compare .
 The Capo is sturdy strong and does its job extremely well , there is nothing to complain about . Exactly as described and works flawlessly
 I love these capos ! I have a black one and a pink one . Easy to use and works great and looks cool
 This capo is really nice . I owned like 2 different types that were alright , but these kyser capos are definitely better . I use to own the same capo -LRB- black -RRB- , and it was lost in a vacation trip and I did n't even think about getting a different capo ; instead I just ordered the same one because I doubt I 'd find a better one for the same price .
 My husband usese this capo almost everytine he plays his guitar . His old one lasted about 10 years . Worth the cost .
 A wonderful little trinket this is.Easy to operate , no ridiculous mechanisms , and best of all its affordable.Smooth transaction on Amazon 's behalf.Overall , I 'm really stoked about this capo !
 This capo is of excellent quality for a very reasonable price and I have been using it a lot for months . It does n't show any signs of distress and has been serving me quite well !
 Love these capos and nice that you can get them in other colours . Prevents you from getting yours confused with some one elses .
 Overall just a good , solid capo . Keeps my guitar in tune while in use . Sounds good . Easy to put on and take off . A must have for any acoustic guitar player .
 The Kyser capo is exactly what I wanted . It works perfect as you would think . The black color looks great on my Gibson . Service from this seller was perfect .
 This is a great product for any skill level . Easy to use . Perfect for performances and quick key changes between songs when playing live . Comes in a variety of colors so , easy to personalize . Has a durable , yet easy grip . Will work on any size 4 or 6 string hand held instrument . Great accessory to have !
 Works on my electric with no issues . Easy to install and padding adequately protects guitar from damage . Have not tried with acoustic .
 Kyser is a great brand of capo . There 's not much to say about this one , except that the extra money you pay for the American flag design is well worth the conversation-starter appeal.HOWEVER , the capo you will receive has an American flag design and not the simple red white and blue design pictured above . I was fine with this , although I would have much rather received the capo pictured . I probably would not have ordered it if I knew what it actually looked like , but ... Either way , it 's a FREEDOM CAPO !
 This product has a great grip and comes in many colors . I purchased 2 since they are easy to loose or leave behind during a jam or performance.I do n't think you will go wrong with this one.I doubt if anyone will walk off with my pink capo in error !
 The package arrived on time . This is the best capo around and works great . Does what it is supposed to do .
 I am a beginner guitar player and this is my first capo . Works great and its easy to use . The black color looks good too .
 I have two other capos . Because one requires adjusting to stay in place and both have to be placed carefully to properly contact all strings I wanted another.This capo utilizes a spring rather than a lever type clamp so , it is much easier to place . The spring is very strong . For those who leave them clamped to the head stock , it may leave an impression in the finish .
 The camo does look all that great , but it is camo never the less . The spring is a little tighter than my old kyser , but this does n't seem to be a problem so i 'm just gon na go for it .
 I am very pleased with this purchase . The strings play very clearly with zero buzzing on any position between frets . I can dramatically hear and feel the difference than when I used a cheap $ 5 capo before . This is well worth your pay : -RRB-
 I bought a 12 string one in blk . Love it for simplicity and needed it so I did n't have to keep searching for the other . Got gold to remind me it is for six strings .
 Works flawlessly , well made and looks good . What more could you want ? Oh yeah , how about a pretty good warranty . $ 5.00 to replace with a new one the first year and $ 10.00 to replace with a new one thereafter . Do n't waste your money on the cheaper ones . You 'll have this a long time .
 Using this for the past 8 months and this thing is just amazing .1 . Produces great sound on guitar2 . Sturdy3 . Great quality.I highly recommend this product .
 I needed a capo and luckily enough , it came in pink , which was a plus for me . It 's very sturdy , does its job well .
 This capo is perfect for my needs . It 's not difficult to put on or off , clamps down tight enough that it sounds good , and it works for both my guitar and ukulele . : -RRB-
 this capo is perfect . i love the pink , it goes perfectly with the color of my guitar . it holds the strings down nice and strong , absolutely no buzz . its easy to open too . stop reading and get it already . -LRB- and btw its $ 21 at Guitar Center , and they do n't have the pink -RRB-
 very good value and function for the money . No frills capo that works good . ca n't go wrong with kyser and not fussy about fret position .
 I needed a capo for my daughter who is just starting out on the guitar . AFter reading several great reviews about Kyser I decided on this one . It has worked out perfect with no complaints and my daughter loved the color too ! It was also a fantastic price , way cheaper than the local music store .
 The Capo works great and does its job . I had a capo from a different brand and it did n't really clamp done immediately . You would have to give it a little clutch yourself or else you 'd get either a high e or low E muffled sound . The only bust I have is that I was hoping to get a red , white , and blue Capo such as the photo provided for `` Patriotic . '' Unfortunately , I got one with the US Flag as a decal at every inch of it . It does n't bode too well on the capo , so I 'm hoping to return or exchange for what I ordered .
 Kyser makes almost every color and color combination of capo , and every one has great reviews which tells me the design is perfect and it 's just a matter of finding a color that fits your personality . I 've only been playing guitar a few months , and I went with Kyser for 2 reasons
 I got this before the est. receiving date and it is much better quality than the ones I found in my local music store and at a much better price.It seems to be sturdier and the feel is better that what I expected . would for sure buy this again .
 The Capo was in excellent condition when it arrived , it came in a timely matter , and the price was just right . Thanks !
 I 've had one of these for years and it 's still going strong . Easy to get on and off , which is nice if you 're performing or just do n't feel like dealing with one of the old school capos that comes apart and needs 2-3 things done for it to work . If speed and ease are what you 're looking for , this is the capo to get . Works great for both acoustic and electric guitars .
 I got this as a replacement for one I lost . I 've had a lot of capos and this one is my favorite cause there 's almost nothing you have to do to it , and when you do n't need it you can park it by the tuning pegs till you need it again .
 Item works as expected . It 's a capo not a porsche , but it is what it 's supposed to be . More things in the world should be like that ! : -RRB-
 I do n't know that this is the best capo made but it 's the best I have seen . It 's way better than my old strap on . Besides that , it 's the one Justin recommends !
 The capo was sent quickly and was cheaper even with shipping and handling then the ones I could purchase in my hometown . It was quick and worked great .
 Good quality product and very sturdy and lightweight . Nice finish which is duarable and my son uses it all the time for over a year and no complaints .
 I 've been using it for about a month and it works great . Great price on Amazon . I paid about $ 10 more for it in a guitar shop . I just ordered one for my dad yesterday .
 The capo is sturdy and of quality construction . You need to press fairly hard to adjust or move it , but it fits snugly on the guitar neck and strings . What more could you want ?
 I like this capo very much . It 's better than another capo which has rubber handles . The spring has the right strength . The rubber pad for the string work pretty well .
 Great capo for even a beginner acoustic guitar users . I 'm really enjoying the durability of this capo . I recommend it !
 This fine little instruments makes my fingers happy when it comes to trying to hold down chords on my guitar . I 'm a beginner and holding down those strings is hard ! I saw Harry Chapin 's daughter playing at a special event with one on her guitar . I asked her about it and she explained its function . I found it on Amazon and ordered it !! Now I have Happy Fingers !!
 All capos perform the same function but the Kyser capo allows quick changes and removal . It also works on both my six string and twelve string guitars .
 This is a great piece of equipment to use with your guitar . It looks nice and gets the job done which is all one would possibly need .
 In over 33 years of playing guitar , I have used capos that cost about $ 5.00 and some that friends have bought that were around $ 50.00 . I 'll stick to my $ 12 - $ 15 dollar Kyser thank you . Before switching my favorite capo was a Dunlop strap and lock type . Worked great except they were a pain to move . When the Kyser came out I bought one have been using it ever since . Fantastic , no buzz , no problem moving it up and down the neck . It 's light does n't get in the way and when I 'm not using it I have it parked on the headstock . I have one for every guitar I own acoustic and electric , in fact when I buy a new guitar I automatically buy a capo for it . I have not seen any advantage to the $ 50 adjustable or what I call `` designer '' capos , it 's all hype if you ask me . For those concerned about damaging guitars I have used it on my Limited edition Martin guitar for over 10 years with no negative effects . Remember , Just because something is more expensive it does not make it better . If you are into bragging rights and label recognition or HAVE to own what XYZ musician uses -LRB- he/she probably got theirs for free -RRB- , then spend the extra money . My experience has been that these overpriced capos are just that overpriced . They perform the exact same function with out any real measurable difference over the Kyser . Buy the Kyser , with the money you save get a tuner , strings , picks even an in expensive strap or stand .
 I have looked for a capo that works like this forever , thank you for this great product . What a relief .
 When I bought my Ibanez Gio guitar , I wanted to buy a capo to go with it . I looked around and this one seemed to be the most affordable and durable for what I wanted to spend . Fast-forward 8 years later , I still have it , still use it , and it still holds the strings tightly to the fretboard ! I 'd recommend this to any entry level guitarist who does n't want to break the bank for a capo .
 It 's a little hard to open , but that could be a good thing because it 'll be sure to hold down the strings . Also , this capo is just a little short . It barely holds down the sixth string on my classic guitar . Sometimes , if I 'm not carefull I can actually miss the last string and have to regrasp . So , it 's definitely not a quickly moveable capo , until I master it.Other than that , the rubber guards do not stratch my guitar neck and are n't hard on my strings . Great capo . I 'd buy it again .
 This is by far the best capo out there for the quality vs price . It 's slick design is a solid performer even if you 're not . Do n't mess around , like I did with other brands , this is what the pros use on their thousand dollar guitars .
 Funky looking but its design works , and works perfectly . Whether six string or twelve , no problem with shifting key effortlessly .
 There is a reason that all the professional musicians use this capo , as you can see in many of their videos . It 's relatively cheap , looks good , clamps strong , and does n't hurt the guitar .
 Do n't have any problems at all with it and is the cutest thing ever . The pink is a really light baby pink.Thank you
 i am new to playing guitar and didnt know what was a good capo . but i made the right choice great product , works very well .
 Exactly what what is says . No issues , used the capo for Almost 2 years now , still working mighty fine ! Great purchase
 I already had one of these capos and decided to buy another for my other guitar . It 's the only one I have tried and it works just fine for me .
 Easy to move around the frets , very sturdy and firm.You 'd rather have this than the cheap pencil and rubber band capo , or any other capo out there .
 I recently purchased one of the Freedom Capos and was delighted that it has a US flag design , not the design shown in the picture . Kaiser Capos work well and I enjoy using them.If you are looking for other options , check out the Paige , G7 and Shubb . The benefit of the Kaiser is that it clips on to the headstock when not in use and it has a spring that automatically clips on.Shubbs are also well regarded . They clip on when you lock them.One of the G7 is really neat as it clips on very easily . I really like it , but it is expensive . The Nashville version seems to be more like the Kaiser.The Paige a very different design and I really like it . I recommend that you consider that option as you can leave it on the guitar and slide it onto the headstock when not in use . Some folks do n't like them with guitar stands that hang the guitar by the neck , but I find you just have to be careful in how you place the guitar in the stand .
 hands down the best capo i 've ever used . perfect amount of pressure applied , not over excessive . no string buzz . perfect product buy it !
 This capo is the first one I have owned , but I toyed around with a few before I bought my own , and I 'd say this capo is the best one so far . It holds up very well , but it 's easy enough to move at the key change . The grip is very strong , so there are no buzzing or muted strings , and the fact that this is curved really helps with that . Overall a great capo for any player .
 I have been playing guitar on and off for the past 4 years , been playing 10 hours a week for the past 5 months . And i purchased this capo in 2008 . Still in a great condition , still holds the string perfectly no vibrations or anything , completely solid . Its a great investment ! 5 stars and the blue looks great - incase your wondering its a deep blue not navy blue dark or bright blue - in between somewhere there .
 I have used the kyser capos for some time now . I have used them on curved bridge 12 strings and flat neck 6 's and they always work always last .
 This is a great capo , lightweight yet durable . I like to transpose in drop D tuning , because I have a lower voice , and this thing does the trick . Just make sure you line it up directly next to the frets , and you should n't get any sort of buzz , regardless of what kind of tuning you use . Great product .
 Bought this Capo for my daughter . She loves it . Arrived exactly as described and by the estimated date , Would buy again .
 Kayser capo - works great . I would recommend it . Easy snap on and works well.Light weight good looking and performing capo !
 I needed a capo that nobody , specially guys , would still from me . So , I decided to pick a pink color because it distinguishes from all of the other capos . It is unique , great material , and awesome color . Could not be better !
 Bought this kapo as a replacement for my son . He 's happy and stated the kapo allowed less string vibration than his last .
 I 'll never need to buy another capo ! This works great on both of my guitars and it holds down my strings very effectively .
 What can I say ? Although I do have a G7th performance capo in one of my guitar cases -LRB- which is an amazing capo , by the way -RRB- , I keep a Kyser capo in EVERY one of my guitar cases . I have been using Kyser capos for years and have never been disappointed . Need a capo ? Go with Kyser , you wo n't be sorry !
 This capo is not only sturdy , but the pink gives your guitar a little bit of flair . I especially love how the pink is not overwhelming but a softer pink . It 's a delicious addition to my guitar . : -RRB-
 So , why did I go with the pink ? Well , with a lot of friends who play the guitar at various locations ... either I misplace my capo or someone needs one . All our capos are either black , silver or gold ... . but AH HA ! Mine is now PINK !!! So I know which one is mine and ... no guy is likely to accidentally pi -LRB- n -RRB- ck it up thinking it 's theirs ... or even want to borrow it actually ... hm . . One thing I did n't know b/c I could n't tell from the photos is that unlike the other kyser capos i have , there are grooves all over the handles . Not sure why ?? But yeah . . just does n't look as nice to me . But it functions just the same with the grooves . . and while being pink.I 've heard of kysers breaking when people use capos like they are hand strengthening tools ... which they are n't ... and personally , I have yet to break a capo .
 I was a little hesistant about getting the bright pink capo but as someone stated in another review , you can tell yours apart from others ! Plus , the fact that some proceeds go toward breast cancer research is a plus . I had only experienced the `` snap on '' SHUBB capo and it does n't compare to how strong this Kyser one is !! Seriously ... this will be the brand of capo I buy from now on . Now all they need to do is make one in yellow : -RRB-
 I 'm just beginning to learn guitar , and pretty much anyone I talked to recommended this capo . Great buy , stays out of the way and , well , guess there 's not much else to review about a capo . Does it 's job well .
 It does what it has to do , and priced about right , so it 's a good combination.The young player who gets to use it is happy . It offers plenty of protection for the instrument finish and strings , and makes a guitar sound in a whole new way . Enjoy !
 all I can say is that this capo is the one which works for beginners and pros , , , , , it ` s really awesome ... dont ever hesitate to buy it ... enjoy
 I 'm no expert with these things , but it seems to work well and looks to be good quality so far .
 This capo is amazing ! Not only is it very cute , but it does its job very well . No ringing , it does n't loose it 's strenght , and it 's not too big . The color is a very pretty dusty pink and it 's very true to the product picture . I 've purchased cheaper capos in the past , but they all end up being a disappointed . I 'm sure that this capo will last a very long time and I would definitely recommend it to a friend .
 Works well and feels like it will be very sturdy and it arrived in a timely fashion . Would recommend for anyone interested in using a capo
 Easy to get off and on . It 's great for stage performances and being able to quickly remove and attach . I think it 's made in USA which is a plus .
 I previously had a knock off capo that got the job done but did n't fully hold down the middle strings . My friend showed me his Kyser and I had to have one immediately . Works perfectly and the color selections make it more fun to pick one that goes with your guitar .
 This works so well ! It 's easy to move and it covers the frets really well . Way better than what I had before
 This is a fantastic capo for acoustic or electric guitars . Great tension , while the metal arms give you plenty of leverage with which to easily move the tool around the various frets and the headstock of your guitar . I 've been using Kyser capos for many years . Their customer service is great too ; I know from when I had to buy a replacement of that little transparent rubber sleeve on the boot of the capo . I ordered one and they sent me three with a little Kyser pin for just two dollars and free shipping.As I understand it , Kyser is a small company from rural eastern Texas . At some point they decided to start printing a tiny little cross on their capos next to the word Kyser . Their old capos did n't feature that image and it does n't really speak to me as an atheist , but they can make their products however they please . I will continue to buy Kyser capos because they 're the best darn capos on the market . Buy one ; you wo n't regret it !
 Kyser capos are the best . Sturdy and they do the job , an industry standard . Not much more needs to be said .
 It works well on steel string guitars . Classical guitars ... not so much . But overall it 's a pretty good capo . It 's really tight .
 I got this for Christmas and love it . It 's really strong so it works well , it 's really easy to use , and it 's pink . My only complaint is that it 's a little too strong and sometimes it 's difficult to squeeze hard enough to open it wide enough to place on the guitar .
 I am pleased with the product . This is my first capo and it 's easy to use and bars the strings well .
 I bought this for myself . Hands down the best capo I ever used . The Kyser capo is a great product and built strong and solid . That 's why it 's worthy of a 5 star rating . I would give It 6 stars just because its camo . I want to get the pink one for my wife .
 I can only repeat what everyone else has already said
 Like this camo capo 's simplicity and its unique color . My friend got a new one after seeing me using it , but his is a bit shorter than mine . Mine works both uke & acoustic guitar , I have no problem to use it on single hand . As the manufactor suggests for its duration , I do n't clip it on the guitar when it 's not in use . : -RRB-
 I 've played guitar for 5 years . Seen many different capos , but none that quite satisfies me as the Kyser.You really ca n't go wrong with this capo . It is very mobile , easily adjustable , sturdy , and durable.What 's good about this capo is that you can use it as a regular 6 String capo and still turn it around to use it asa Cut capo . The transparent rubber piece does the same job.It comes in different colors also.I own the black , silver , gold , and camo Kyser capos.I also own the Cut Capo for other styles.I recommend it!All the capos I 've had from Kyser are still in great conditions.Use them all the time at church and at home
 Purchased the 6-string Kyser capo when I meant to get the 12-string version -LRB- slightly longer , stronger spring ? -RRB- , but find that this 6-string Capo not only works great on my 2 6-string acoustics , but also works on my 12-string acoustic with a little adjusting . Quality seems top notch , design is simple and effective .
 i liked this capo as a temp until i got one of those latch down ones . i found that this capo threw my guitar too far out of tune for my style of playing but then again i am a bit of a perfectionist when it comes to my guitar music . the spring is very strong so it will accommodate heavy strings on a guitar . if you are not too serious about playing guitar the spring snap capos are for you but if you want your guitar to stay in tune after you attach the capo get yourself a hinged snap on capo .
 I love this product because I can make quick transition from one fret to another and it 's easy to use .
 It works really well . The only reason I give it a 4 star is because if you have a classical guitar with wider neck you have to check and make sure that it is on completely because the high E string has a tendency to not go in on the first try . Also , it 's a great buy because if you buy this capo it doubles as a cut capo . Just flip it over and have the clear protection side on the strings . It covers up strings 3-5 perfectly . Great buy .
 Bought this for my father -LRB- guitarist of 20 + years -RRB- loves it . Has bought this brand of kapos for a long time . Great style , , durable and worked just fine for both 12 - string and 6-string acoustic .
 It does exactly what I need it to do at the moment . Pretty cheap , and great quality . It 's so easy , you just clip it on.Would definitely suggest this .
 The Kyser capo is well designed . Normally `` parked '' on the head of my guitar , I can easily add , move or remove in 2 seconds . The unique feature of this capo is that you can flip it around , for example , cover the 3rd 4th and 5th strings on the second fret to convert it to an open E B A E B E tuning from a standard E B G D A E tuning . Very reliable and fun . Highly recommended .
 I currenty use two types of capos - the Kyser one and Shubb capos . Both are the most popular capos around but have different strengths and weaknesses.The benefits of the Kyser is that it is the quickest changing capo I 've come across , does n't require tension adjustment , and can clip to the end of the headstock when not in use . The primary benefit of the Shubb is that it has adjustable tension -LRB- and second , it 's smaller -RRB- . The main drawback of the Kyser is the lack of adjustable tension . Because it 's designed to work across the fretboard , it will apply more force than necessary to clamp down the lower frets , causing frets to wear faster over time . Because of this I prefer to use the Kyser on my less expensive guitar and the Shubbs on the guitar I baby .
 I use capos a LOT , and this thing is an absolute dream ... simply pinch and move ... it 's that simple . My concern at first was that it would not properly hold down the strings , but that fear was eliminated as soon as I took it out of the package and popped it on ... 2 seconds flat . I have 2 , which I have now been using for 4 years.The only thing about these capos is that the rubber does break down somewhat , and the strings will leave an indentation in the rubber . It does n't seem to affect the pressure on the strings , however , and I have yet to replace one . At any rate , it would be absolutely worth it to have to frequently replace them if that were even the case because their ease of use is absolutely indispensable . Four years so far seems a very , very good run to me .
 I 'm a beginner guitar player , so I was looking for a decent capo at a decent price so I could add some more songs to my repertoire . Before this one , I had ordered the Kyser Pro/Am 6-String Guitar Capo . The reviews on it were good and they said it was easy to take on and off , but I hated it . It was really difficult for me to get a good sound on it , it just would n't tighten enough.This one is great though . It 's easy to put on and take off , and holds all six strings down without a hitch , delivering a nice even tone , without the `` buzz '' you sometimes get when the strings are n't held down hard enough . You can just leave it on the head when you 're not using it , and then just clip it on when you want to play with it on.It also looks sleek and classy , with the all black design , which is always a plus for me . All in all , a great buy and I highly recommend it for anyone beginning to play guitar or unhappy with their current capo .
 I like Kyser capos anyway , because they are convenient and work well . And there is almost always a Kyser capo clipped onto the headstock of my guitar . But THIS is the one I looked for specifically , because it is pink -LRB- and because some of the proceeds go toward breast cancer research , a disease that has left a mark on my family -RRB- . I got tired of people -LRB- mostly guys -RRB- `` borrowing '' my capo in a song circle or at an open mic , and then forgetting about it and walking off with it . After all , mostly everybody with a Kyser capo has a black one and they all look alike . I actually debated other colors that would stand out ... bright red , blue ... but then realized that if I got a pink one , it might be a little daunting for the guys . And my capo might have less of a chance of walking off -LRB- and at least if it did , it would be pretty noticeable -RRB- . I 've got a pink one in the case of the two guitars I use regularly . The leftover black ones are thrown now into the cases of my travel/junk guitars , and lying around on the coffee table so that visitors to my home are free to pick one up and use it if they must . But nobody is going to be allowed to touch the pink ones !
 I had one . . worked well but the spring snapped.I will prob buy this one.Tip . . do not leave capos on frets . . when the instrument is not being used ... memory effect ... indent in the rubber .
 My husband bought one of these capos for me , and I liked it so much that I bought one to give to a friend . The design makes it quick to put on and take off . My guitar stays in tune and I do n't have any buzzing strings . The springs are pretty strong and the capo clamps on tightly , but there has been no damage to my guitar at all . I bought this for about $ 15 . According to the warranty , Kyser will replace the capo for $ 3 if there are problems during the first year and for $ 10 after the first year . If it breaks after the first year , I 'll probably just buy another . The color selection is nice , but I stuck with basic black . I 'm sure there are better capos out there , but this one suits my needs just fine .
 This is all around one of the best capo 's I have ever bought . I currently own 4 guitars 1 Taylor , 1 Fender , 1 Epiphone and a Gibson . So currently i own 4 capos , and by far this is the best one . It is very easy to `` park '' on the pegboard , and a sinch to take off and use . Only complaint is that the clear rubber piece on the bottom does tend to slip around a little , but nothing to big
 I just barely got this capo today , I was skeptical to open the package because I was a bit worried about the capo for that range of price . I decided to move on and open it ... it was a amazing capo from Kyser . It was packed very neatly and of course in a brand new condition as the description said . I put the capo on my guitar and it works just great , very easy to move around that allow me to play different position on my acoustic guitar , and very easy to put on or to remove . Definitely will buy some more in the future , I recommend this for everyone who 's looking for a high quality capo but at a fairly cheap price . I can be any happier for now , trust me get it if you need one and you wo n't be disappointed .
 It works as advertised and is very easy to use . This is my first capo , as I started to learn guitar recently . I 'm very glad I went with this brand .
 It 's flawless . It feels as if it was made from titanium , really sturdy , but very light . It '' capoes '' the strings perfectly and the design is beautiful .
 I just received this capo today and used it right away on my Yamaha 6 string acustic . Worked perfect and then I saw made in America . for the price , quality and where its made I would give it all available stars without hesitation . It also has a great color variety available . I want to get another just to have a few colors .
 It is a nice and durable capo . Sounded good and is easy to clip on . It looks nice as well .
 Shortly before I purchased , I did n't even know what a capo was , but discovered I would need one while stumbling through some self-taught beginner guitar tabs . I did a little research before buying , found out that the Kyser comes pretty highly recommended . I was excited to find the pink color to go along with my black Epiphone DR-100 -LRB- also purchased from Amazon -RRB- , and gladly paid the extra $ seeing as a portion of that extra $ went to the Susan G. Komen foundation for researching a cure for breast cancer . It works well , holds the strings tight to the fret , and has n't lost any strength yet -LRB- I usually keep it clamped to my headstock when not in use -RRB- .
 Good quality w/just the right amount of tension and less money than my local music store.I recieved it within a few days of ordering it .
 Very nice quality . Thus far , has not damaged my guitar in any way . Works well and easy to use with just one hand .
 This works Perfectly . Enough Said . It 's easy to open but tight enough to hold the strings without buzz . Just Perfect ! ; -RRB-
 easy to use no frills capo that keeps things in tune . I have heard that the spring eventually wears out and you need to replace but I would assume this is for the more avvid players - for the weekend warriors and beach/fireside recreational users , this does the trick and if it eventually does wear out , it is inexpensive enough to get a new one . Granted , it would be nice to just be able to get the spring and recycle or send the old one back to Kyser for a replacement srping.thumbs up -
 Great product ! Really enjoying it and delivery was right when I needed it . It works great and I do n't regret my purchase
 I ordered a Kyser 6 string black capo which was delivered in a very timely manner . It is exactly what was recommended by my guitar teacher as the best to use . I am very happy with my purchase , it is very east to use and move with one hand !
 Looked at several here , was interested in finding one that was light but not flimsy . This one fits the bill .
 Tried a few different Capos in my time but this one is the best one ! My only criticism would be that if you 're using a guitar with a flat fret board the 3rd and 4th strings sometime do n't get pressed down enough .
 It 's your typical spring-loaded capo , but it does n't take strings out of tune or cause a buzz , it looks good , and the price is right .
 I got this as my first Capo . I made sure to get the pink one , so none of my roommates ever steal it ! It 's easy to move , and looks awesome . I love it !
 This capo is a must for all guitarist , it works great and is easy to attach . It holds down the strings well , and it resides at the head of my guitar , I use it for recitals and concerts both , works great on my electric as well .
 Great purchase , feels tight enough to endure years of wear and tear , but not so that it is difficult to remove or attach .
 I have owned several of these over the years and own a silver colored one presently . The price is right for these , and they work just fine . My only real issue is that sometimes , they will bunch or bend strings when setting them on whatever fret you 're going to bar , thus producing a sound you were n't looking for . Some of the higher end capo 's counter this by having screws and such rather than a spring . However , like i say , these work fine with a little care and attention to their placement on your fretboard , and are from what i can tell , the most popular model on the market .
 There 's a reason why these capos are the standard
 Very easy to attach and remove . This is my first capo and I do n't regret buying it . It is solid metal and it feels and looks indestructible.Also , it includes free access to a site with guitar lessons -LRB- videos -RRB- which I think is a great bonus for those newbie guitarists like me .
 This capo is great . So easy to clip and on . I 'm throwing away my Jim dunlop capo now that I 've got this .
 This is my first Capo and I feel that I made a great decision by purchasing this one . It is very well manufactured and built in a way that protects your guitar from scratches . Highly recommend .
 This capo seems well made ; it 's a bit sturdier than my last capo . It functions as it is supposed to - ca n't complain !
 Very Sturdy . Strong Spring . Good quality rubber and padding all the way around . Paint is quality and wo n't chip . ca n't go wrong . Definitely worth the $ 15 .
 works great . Just clip it on and jam out.forget the screw on type , and spend the few extra bux for this one . you 'll be happier , trust me .
 I bought a cheap Target capo once and all it did was make the strings buzz after a couple uses . Kyser makes a great product . I bought a black one for myself that I 've used for years and now picked up a pink one for my girlfriend since she has started playing a tad . Bonus points for the color assortment .
 For the money , it is well worth the price . I do n't think it 's the highest quality capo out there , but it does come with a warranty . I expect it to last me quite a while .
 I had heard that kyser is a good make for capos . I agree because of the quality of the make and the solid grip on the fret board . Good little capo .
 The capo fits nice and tight on the strings and is built of high quality material . I really like how it looks and feels on the guitar and it 's not too hard to put on and not too hard to take off . It 's hard to find stuff that exceeds your expectations these days , but this product definitely did . : -RRB-
 Great value . No need to buy a more expensive capo . This one performs just as well and at cost fraction of most . Highly recomended .
 I grew up with my dad playing guitar around the house and bringing home capos from a certain guitar warehouse that I do n't think I 'm allowed to name , and none of them compare to this . This thing does the job perfectly . More then that I ca n't offer any suggestion at all for a product 's improvement . It has rubber everywhere there 's contact , it 's sturdy metal , the spring is perfect stiffness it 's just an all around excellent product .
 Feels like a very durable capo . Clips on and hangs on tight . The rubber seems very thick and durable , and the clamping mechanism has n't given me any problems . Great price as well !
 I 've played guitar for 40 + years . The Kyser Capo is one of the few great advances in guitar tools technology . I 've been using Kyser 's for about 15 years . They can not be topped . They hold tight and can be stored on the guitar headstock .
 &#34; . kyser 6 string capo - camoi bought this item for my 16 year old grandson for christmas . he loved it . thinks it 's &#34; cool &#34; .
 Rugged , reliable and a proven design make these capo 's a true value . Good pricing and the fact this design has stood the test of time make this a must buy . You can afford to buy one for all your guitars .
 It was great doing business with you . My boyfriend LOVED the camo capo . I suprised him with it and he said he had never seen one before . He loves it and says it works great . Also got it in a very timely manner . Thanks for everything
 So far so good . It works as described and I love the color . It says it should n't be left on the head stock for storage so I do n't so it will last longer . The price was certainly right .
 another gift for my friends 12 year old son . he really liked it . it worked out really well for him
 I bought this for my daughter and was a tad worried it may not fit properly . I was overjoyed to find that it was a perfect fit ! She loves it therefore , so do I. ... LOL !
 The first capo I bought was a black Kyser capo , purchased in 1993 . I still have it and it still works great . It is a little on the tight side and might interfere a bit with tuning , but I would much rather have a capo that is too tight than one that is too loose . The Kyser can not be beat for one-handed use and quick capo position changes , and its slender profile means it can be placed fairly close behind the fret without getting in the way of one 's fretting hand.The only caveat is that one should always be extremely careful handling a piece of spring-loaded aircraft aluminum near a premium guitar . If the Kyser capo slips out of your hand when the spring is compressed , it could do a little damage to your guitar , so hold on tightly and keep those hands from getting to sweaty and oily!If I were stuck on a desert island and had one guitar and could only have one capo , of all the ones I own I would take the Kyser , no doubt about it.I bought a Jim Dunlop Trigger capo as an alternative to the Kyser capos I use on my steel-string acoustic and electric guitars , and to the Shubb capo I use on my nylon-string guitar . Overall , the Jim Dunlop Trigger capo is pretty good . It is not so tight as the Kyser , and it does not seem to interfere with tuning much at all . On the neck of my 6-string acoustic -LRB- Wechter Pathmaker Elite , # 27 -RRB- , it has to be positioned very carefully with two hands to make sure it is tight enough on the bass strings while being angled somewhat towards the nut on the treble string side so that it does not interfere with one 's fretting hand.It is a bit fiddly and a bit bulky compared to the Kyser capo . On the other hand , the Jim Dunlop Trigger capo has a slightly more ergonomic adjustment mechanism than that of the Kyser and poses less of a damage hazard to one 's guitar.I am glad I did not purchase a G7th Nashville capo as many reviews seem to suggest that it is loose compared with the Jim Dunlop Trigger capo , and to me , the Jim Dunlop Trigger capo is almost too lose for my tastes!Good luck with your purchases . For absolute precision and safety , the Shubb capos are the best as the tension can be adjusted , and they are very slim in their profile . They are fiddly and require two hands for adjustment , but once you have them in place , they are perfect . That is why I have one for my nylon-string -LRB- classical -RRB- guitar -LRB- Alvarez-Yairi CY-116 -RRB- .
 These Kyser capos are my favorite . Quick and easy to change , they hold the strings down well , and they do n't break the bank if you happen to lose one .
 good capo , it has no match . This is the one you want for style , performance and price . Try it you wo n't be disappointed
 I 'm pretty happy with this purchase . I 've been looking for a good capo for about 2 months now . Of course any capo would have been okay with me but I wanted one that would last a long time . My friend told me about Kyser capos and I just had to get one :-RRB- I received it today and so far it 's coming along great . I definitely would recommend this capo to anyone and everyone . It feels very sturdy and presses down on the strings quite firmly .
 Follow the instructions , including the occasional lubrication , and never leaving it parked on the fret board when not in use , and this should last for many years . Great value for the price -- works like a charm and easy to put it on , move it , or take it off . The black is simple and classy for a natural grain acoustic , but the gold can work too ! All sorts of other colors available . Great product .
 Great product and easy to change but still has a great grip . Very good product and met all my expectations .
 Very nice capo . Holds strings firmly , with even pressure , and can be re-positioned quickly and easily with one hand . Does what it should , product as advertised .
 I really like how it looks like . But there is unexpected sound which is caused by friction . Overall , it worth this price and it is really a nice product
 I really likes how the capo keeps a good grip on your Guitar . It really works for me . Worth the price !! -LRB- :
 Confusing how a capo is more expensive than a tuner . This was recommended by a friend , and it works so yay !
 I bought this Capo for myWashburn D10 . It works on my Orlando classical guitar as well . I wanted a capo that was simple to operate and was n't too expensive - and the Kyser Quick Change Guitar Capo fits the bill nicely : -LSB- Update 7/25/10
 Got it for a better price than my friends , and this is better than his ! Works like a charm , No buzzing what so ever ! love love love it !
 Never used a capo before , but this one is easy to use and works great ! great price , also .
 Capo feels solid and durable , has performed well so far . Bought it for my sister and she loves it . Easy to move , especially once you get the feel for it . Would buy again : -RRB-
 I was really pleased with the KSC Quick Change Capos I purchased . I play in jam sessions where quick changes are a necessity ! I like the ease of change and the comfort of playing with it on the guitar neck . The Capo will open and close easily with a full grip , and the end across the strings does n't interfere with your playing . I would recommend it to any of my musician friends . The loss of 1 star was for the delay in shipping . I do n't think they were on backorder , but the time between ordering and receiving was excessive -LRB- more than a month -RRB- .
 Does the trick , easy to put on , keeps me in tune , looks great , my standard capo . I own 3 .
 Great buy , especially considering the price . Incredibly easy to clamp down , beats out the one that came with the guitar by a long shot -LRB- needed two hands to wrap it around and then secure it -RRB- . I 'm just a beginner player -LRB- bought Hal Leonard 's Guitar Method , also highly recommend -RRB- . Needed the capo to play ` Puff the Magic Dragon ' .
 Well not really but this thing is really easy to use and very durable .
 Have owned a few capos , and I was a little uncertain at first buying without trying , but it is a quality capo . Decent price and good sturdy spring mechanism . Seems like it will last a good while .
 I initially bought this capo because of the good reputation Kyser had for making them . I have a friend who but one of their capos about 4 years ago and it still clamps onto his guitar 's fretboard with an authority . I went ahead and but this one here . I 've had it for a few months but imediately after using it I noticed that it takes a more careful positioning to get it to clamp down on all the strings and not get a buzz . This one seems to be made to a more lower quality standard than its earlier counter-part . However I wont give it less than four stars because it does do its job , just takes about ten seconds more time to set up . Good Capo , Cheap Price
 The ability to quickly change the range and sensitivity has made it easy to dial in the exact sound you want to hear . It 's built like a tank and has worked flawlessly in the time I 've had it . Since I normally power it with a wall wart , I do n't have much of an opinion about battery life.Bottom Line
 For years I played the original Cry baby , the Vox Wah , and others I ca n't remember names of . I was always on a quest for a good wah sound that I just could n't find . I did n't want to spend $ 600 on a wah with a rack . So at the recomendation of a studio engineer I purchased this wah about 5 years ago . I am very pleased that I followed that advice because this pedal really has the range of wah I was looking for . The greatest thing about this pedal is that it is customizable . The user dials in the frequency sweep they want . The volume boost is a great feature when you need to play a lead over the live mix . I recomend this wah pedal over all the others , especially the signature series wahs because you can get the same sound out of this unit with a little tweeking .
 I chose the Dunlop 535Q Multi-Wah Crybaby for several reasons . It is made by the those who made the original Crybaby , used by Jimi Hendrix and countless others . It offers the greatest versatility of any other wah pedal in the dunlop range . It sounds great , as evident by a previous version of this pedal being used by Adam Jones -LRB- Tool -RRB- to shape his unique tone , along with many others.The 535Q features a 6-way selectable frequency range knob , allowing you to use a range , from bright and snappy cry to a bassy growl . This setting can let you dial in the exact frequency range you want for your wah.This pedal also comes with a Q knob , for adjusting whether your wah is sharp and quacky , or more of just a frequency boost . Speaking of boost there is a boost button on the side , that you can kick on to get a louder signal -LRB- adjustable by the boost knob -RRB- . Back to the Q knob , it adjusts the slope of your frequency boost , ranging from sharp to flat . Sharp = _ / \ _ Flat = _ -- _ When the Q is flat , you can use the wah for more of a subtle tone change , or if you want more funk , make the Q sharper.The pedal 's construction is very solid , much more than the cheap plastic Behringer rip-off I owned previously -LRB- which was n't shielded and led to radio interference - the Dunlop wah is a quality product and wo n't do this ! -RRB- That 's pretty much the pedal in a nutshell . I 'm a tweaker , and I love it , it lets me be a bit more expressive for those long sustained solos , and it 's great for controlling feedback .
 Perfect wah . Produces some sounds I did n't think were attributed to wah 's . Highly reccomendable . It is definitely worth the price .
 Before Satriani ` sBig Bad Wah Pedalcame to fruition , the 535Q was the last wah pedal that he toured with . I fell in love with that `` Meaning of Love '' live sound -LRB- Super Colossal tour -RRB- and this pedal nails it ! The 535Q may offer a few too many features for those who like to keep it simple , but at the same time they are very easy to use and the wah sounds amazing using the factory settings . You can basically choose from 6 different `` voices '' using the range selector ; from standard wah to an almost full-range bassy growl . The footswitchable volume boost can be set anywhere between 0 - +16 dB , and the famous `` Q '' control allows you to control which frequency range is covered by the sweep of the pedal . I think Satch had a winner with this wah , and my pedalboard will never be without one . This thing is built like an aircraft carrier , has an almost infinite range of sound , and is a wonderful pedal for those buying their first wah or for a seasoned pro .
 its Awesome husband really like it and uses it all the time . I was one of the best gifts he has gotten .
 This pedal has about as much variability as you can get . It is well constructed and I love all the tone options I get , and I really love the boost ! My only complaint is I wish it had a status LED !
 You can recreate sounds from Hendrix to Hetfield . Very happy with this product and would definitely buy Dunlop again . The fine tuning is excellent and the red boost gives the wah a little more balls .
 the reason why i do n`t put 5 stars is because when is active has the volume a little bit high and the true bypass make me have a doubt , beside that is what i imagine and even more , i ` m very pleased with this , i had a Original Cry Baby before for 7 years and its indestructible and it has very good sound , but this one is the best
 I purchased this for my son for Christmas , he has n't given it much rest since he opened the box . Well worth the money . Highly recommended .
 Tremendo Wah ... super versatil . . puedes encontrar casi cualquier sonido que desees con el . Recomendado 100 %
 Did much research on Wah Wah pedals and it 's history . This 535Q has been identified as the best ALL ROUND Wah , but not only that , it also gives you so many options to shape your Wah sound to find what fits your personal taste . Even more with the Gain Boost and Variable Q alongside a 6 point voice selector , this pedal can easily copy most if not ALL Wah Wah pedals . Spec options come to show you how to copy Hendrix , Slash , Frampton etc. . It makes you wonder , so why are there other Wah pedals . The fact that it 's the Upgraded and Improved descendant of the Original Cry Baby Wah Wah , the Cry Baby 535Q Wah Wah ... you ca n't go wrong , it has name and branding behind it . It is seriously built like a tank ... if a car ran over mine I would n't even be bothered , it 's that securely built .
 love this wahused it on a show on youtube check it out VERY COOL National Anthem - Guitar Solo - Must see !!!
 this Dunlop wah is really cool . it 's cheaper than most special edition wah pedals from Dunlop and it can match the sound produced by every one of them . You can get that Slash or Cantrell sound without the price and without needing to buy 2 pedals . This is the first wah i buy -LRB- i always used those on multi-effect processors -RRB- and i 'm amazed by how heavy this thing is , but it is well built , versatile and simple to use .
 I have only plugged it in once after receiving it to make sure everything was working properly and it was . I have not had a use for it so far in my playing but I 'm sure it will be up to the task when called upon .
 good wah for the price ! I expected a wider range for the effect , but it is n't bad . you can adjust it for your own taste .
 I am a home player with several guitars and pedals and around 10 years of playing just for fun , no gigging . I bought the 535Q after buying the Cry Baby Classic , which did n't work at all out of the box , so I was little worried about quality control , but this wah is fantastic . It produces a wide range of different sounds , with a 6-way range selector , controls for volume/gain and `` Q '' / bandpass , and an overdrive/distortion switch . It 's a lot of fun to play around with - I play more with it than without it now . It sounds great by itself and also really nice with a Phase 90 or flange downstream . Very versatile and the construction is solid . My only * minor * nitpicks are the small size of the volume/gain and Q knobs , along with the indicator dots being the same color as the knobs -LRB- black -RRB- , so I have to pick the pedal up and peer at them to see where they 're set and to make adjustments .
 This Dunlop 535Q is an outstanding pedal . Rugged construction , ease of use , and a wide variety of tones and colors makes this a wonderful investment . I have n't played a gig with it yet , but I am looking forward to it . Just noodling around with it in my music room , I am thoroughly impressed .
 Its a great pedal a great range of sound and personalization , and it comes with some `` signature '' sounds , very hard made , and it rocks by itself , a great pedal if you want to take your guitar sound to a new hole level.buy it !!!!!!!!!!!! : D
 Great sound ! The packing was n't so good , that I expected , but the price for international ship is the best , so it is n't big fault.sorry for my bad english -LRB- :
 ... Puns aside , let 's get to business and review us a wah pedal . Shall I begin?I bought this last January of '09 when my father gave me a gift card to Guitar Center . Already having two guitars , two amps , enough cords to hook up an amplifier on the moon , more picks then the population of earth , a distortion pedal , four books on music theory and composition , and a strap -LRB- only now do I realize I could use straplocks -RRB- , I really did n't know what to use it for.So I bought a wah pedal , a MULTI-wah pedal at that . Not bad for $ 135 plus tax and a $ 20 warranty . I hope ... Anyway , the pedal works excellently . Whether you 're looking to light it up like Kirk Hammett or bust a funky little beat like Hendrix . the features on this pedal allow you great access to find whatever voice you are looking for . It works for highs , for lows , it works on your mids ; anything you can think of . So it is a versatile little machine.However , one little spider I need to get off my back . For one , wahs are the type of thing that are quite easy to over-use , just ask any metalhead what they think of Kirk Hammett 's soloing style . So unless you are in a band right now and need a wah that can get you a specific sound , the $ 135 may be a little on the high side . Unless you are in a band that does Hendrix , White Stripes , Metallica , and Zakk Wylde covers all in a single show , you can find a wah more tailored to your specific needs.And personally , I never really had a big yearning for the wah anyway . Not that I hate it , no sir . But it 's just one of those things that has it 's use in a relatively small area of the musical pie . If I did n't have it , it would n't destroy my abilities to play ; wahs do n't make the music , you do . So my wah , despite it 's clear abilites and stellar quality , mostly just sits quietly under my bed like a mob boss buried Jimmy Hoffa under there . No one knows its there , and I could probably do well to sell it to a pawn shop or rip off some 12-year old rich kid who will pay anything to sound like Hendrix.Bottom Line
 I doubt if you can find a transparent and high quality FX unit for guitar or even bass like the Rocktron Xpression for $ 300 At least I know of none . No drop outs when switching presets , very transparent and many fx , features , PLUS EQ ! The only disappointing thing about the unit is how Rocktron skimped on the quality of the actual hardware but as usual , their fx and processing make it tolerable . Just too bad the knobs were n't built out of cheap plastic and sometimes as your turning them it gets harder , then easier , then harder again . Perhaps they 're bent ? I have read another article of another person who had the same problem . At least they seem to last . I have had my unit for about 2 years now and everything still works fine . Lots of features , too many for me to list here seeing how the info is all over the web on this unit.If you are looking for a fantastic sounding , smooth operating , high quality yet inexpensive effects processor , you can not go wrong here !
 I have only had it a couple of weeks , but after running through the sounds and getting hooked into my system with the right levels etc. . It really sounds nice . It has some good presets , especially early Eddie VH and one I almost did not catch - King 's Axe -LRB- King 's X -RRB- finally some recognition for Ty Tabor . This setting is to be used with good . heavy distortion , sounds great with the right pickups.Seems easy to use , but turning the knob gets tiresome , I will definitely look into getting the foot controller . I have it hooked in parallel as an effects send from a Mackie mixer . It is flexible and you can use it different ways from subtle to very heavy effect . Ca n't wait to record with it . For the price , compared to the Digitech and other rackmounts for hundreds more , it more than is worth a look . This does not do modeling or distortion , it is designed for multiple effects -LRB- up to 10 can be chained at once I believe -RRB- and so far it does what they say it should do , and with very good quality .
 This is the perfect compact case . Key word is compact . Not much storage room inside . Great design . Trumpets , of 2 brands I tried , fit perfect , as if case is made for them . No movement . Case is very durable looking . Hard plastic . Good latches instead of suitcase style ones . Lining is thick . D-rings on the ends for attaching a shoulder strap -LRB- also available and recommended -RRB- . Just what I wanted and expected .
 It was given as a gift . However he said he loved it and everything fit perfect . I thought the inside was very plush and the outside looked well constructed and in good taste .
 The amount of thought that has gone into After-Effects is astounding . It is , at once , both easily grasped and deeply potent -- a difficult poise to achieve with any invention.The user-model is thorough and obviously has been arrived at through meticulous research and user-testing amongst professionals engaged in real-world post-production situations . The feature set is balanced and the user-interface metaphors finely tailored to the art of multi-layered , concurrent , motion-image production . Be it expressive motion graphics for a corporate video , undetectable compositing for broadcast , or sublime title sequences for feature films , in caring hands there is little in the video arts that can not be achieved with After-Effects . Alas , there are some shortcomings , one is that the color-space model is limited to 8-bit color -LRB- rather than the 16-bit that feature film work often demands -RRB- . Another is the really unfortunate lack of 3D space -LRB- which means that objects can not be translated , or `` moved , '' along the Z-axis but instead must be scaled to simulate this important element of composition -- a poor substitute -RRB- . Finally , some sort of , even rudimentary , content-management system would be very welcome , especially in work where many files are involved . I would pay another $ 1000 extra for the addition of these three things -LRB- heck , I might pay that just for the addition of 3D space alone -RRB- . These few deficiencies aside , After-Effects really stands out there on its own , and anyone engaged in serious desktop video owes it to themselves to add it to their bag of tricks .
 I 've owned a few other amp stands over the years , none of which were quite ideal . Some were n't very stable , some were just too bulky when collapsed , and some did n't provide enough flexibility regarding tilt angles . So I took my time for this purchase , and looked at numerous different designs trying to find one that appeared to score high marks in all areas . This , I believe , is that stand - you can tell how stable and compact it is just by looking at it , its strength and its simplicity of design go hand in hand.But that said , there are two minuses to take into account depending on your application.First , the spacing of the feet -LRB- its `` stance '' -RRB- are the tilt of the amp are interdependent . The more your tilt back your amp , the bigger that stance is and the more stable the stand . For sensible degrees of tilt , this is confidence-inspiring ; but if your idea of tiltback angle is small , the feet could be positioned close enough together to prove worrisome.Secondly , and more importantly , if you 're using an open-back amp you need to confirm that the top bar of the stand has something to rest against ! In the case of my Line6 Spider JAM , the stand was narrow enough -LRB- 19.5 '' -RRB- that it could only barely reach the sides of the amp , and therefore posed a risk of falling inside the speaker cavity due to the amp 's lack of a horizontal brace . I liked the design so much though , that I ended up screwing in a plank of wood just for the stand 's benefit - and , problem solved.The supporting poles , which are another possible point of cabinet-back contact , extend about 13.5 '' above the bottom bar .
 I love this amp stand ! It adjusts so easily to many angles and it 's very sturdy .
 I really like this stand . Folds compact and is very sturdy . But , no 5 star because the bolt threads stripped on adjusting side after 3 gigs . Easily fixed with a trip to the hardware store . Replaced carriage bolt and thumb nut with a higher quality . Metric or Standard can be used .
 My husband likes the thin style guitar picks so I purchased these online as a birthday gift for him . He loves them and uses them constantly . They were shipped immediately and exactly as the company described them .
 I will start buy saying that I wish I had bought some slightly thicker picks . I 'm new to guitar so did n't really know what I was buying , but that 's not Ernie Ball 's fault , that 's my own . That said , you get a big bag of picks that to my hands do n't feel overly slippery and seem to be decent quality . None of the ones that I 've used have broken or chipped or anything . Good product , just make sure you get the right thickness .
 These picks are very durable and for the price they are highly valuable . I recommend it for someone who wants to use them for fun but not for professional purposes .
 Good picks , but this comes down to personal preference . I actually made a mistake when ordering and bought the thins rather than heavies , but no big deal , they 'll get some use .
 Great thin guitar picks and price just what I was looking for with so many different colors and great feel to play guitar with thanks !
 Used to use earnie ball super slinkys back in the seventy 's . They were great strings . Very easy on the fingers . I thought I would try the picks . They do the job .
 Great deal . Pic 's are very colorful and smooth . I did however buy the thin by error , I usually get medium , my error . I am using them and I think this was a good purchase .
 You would think guitar picks are guitar picks , but it happens to depend on who is selling and where their coming from . Time and time again Amazon continues to impress me with their low prices , outstanding shipping procedures , and great customer service . This bag of 24 was 1/3 the cost of what would have been paid to my local music store `` bud '' . And how can you go wrong with the name `` Ernie Ball '' ? A sealed bag of 24 thin , 351 style guitar picks is what I ordered and that is exactly what I received . Pick on ! Thanks Amazon !
 Not much to say about guitar picks but that they are thin , my personal choice , and come in a nice little pouch . Ca n't go wrong with these .
 Very good thin pics ! Great for rythmn players ! Such a cheap price $ 3.99 for 24 of them ! I pay 0.50 per pic at my local Guitar shop !
 These picks were precisely what I wanted , which was a bag of 24 thin picks . When they arrived , I decided to test a couple of them out by using them to pick the strings of my guitar . To my great delight , these picks -LRB- you may know them as `` plectrums '' -RRB- caused the strings to reverberate and sound to emit from the guitar after I employed them . I was able to use one of these picks to play a song , and the pick seems to be functioning as advertised.While I have not yet tried all 24 picks , I am assuming the rest of them will work in a similar fashion . I plan on using these , and possibly buying more picks in the future when I lose these or forget them on people 's coffee tables or in bars .
 These are not my absolute favorites , but they 're near the top of the list . They have a nice sound .
 Great picks ! I actually think they sound better than the Gibson picks I buy at guitar center . The shipment was fast and the price ca n't be beat . For those reviews that say they break easy ... they are thin picks , there not meant for heavy metal . Great buy !
 These picks are a lot more durable than previous picks that I have bought . I am still on the first one out of the pack , and it is going strong .
 The Ernie Bell Guitar Picks are a very good value . I am using the thin one 's for my Banjo and they are just fine .
 if you like thin guitar picks -LRB- which i do -RRB- there great . they seem to be holding up very well .
 The picture shows several different colors , but my package only came with the black and yellow marble , black , and white . That was annoying , but not the end of the world . Still a good price for 24 decent picks . They are thin and flexible , but do n't feel cheap like they 'll break if you breathe wrong . They sound great for picking strings .
 My 7-year-old daughter 's violin instructor requested my daughter have onhand a manuscript notebook so that the instructor could write music for my daughter to practice . Having it in a spiralboud notebook is far better than loose pieces of blank staves.The book is 64-pages , which is a nice amount because by the time my daughter nears the end of the book , it will be fun to look at what she did in the beginning and see how far she 's come.I was n't sure how many staves there should be -LRB- I did n't even know what a stave was -RRB- , but the instructor was fine with this notebook.The cover is sturdy enough . The page opacity is more than adequate . Overall , a very good purchase for the price .
 I love my Daisy Rock Stardust Elite . After reading an outstanding review in Guitar Player magazine I was swayed from the equally girly-glam Rock Candy to this little beauty and I was n't disappointed . The tones are rich and full , without the annoyance of neck buzzing like its Rock Candy counterpart.For my smallish hands the 3/4 scale neck is perfect . I can easily switch between barre chords without manually placing each finger -LRB- read
 Well made guitar , solid mohagony neck and body , humbucking pickups , superior tuners . This guitar was actually in perfect tune out of the box . The sound -LRB- through a mini Marshall -RRB- is great -LRB- sounds a bit like a Telecaster -RRB- great action ! Vendor was great as well , delivered on time and with extras that I did not expect -LRB- soft case , guitar strap -RRB- .
 This guitar was purchased for my daughter and has been a great guitar . Good overall tonal quality , good size and weight , neck is a great size for small hands , and the best part , she LOVES it ! Instructor gives is favorable ratings as well . Not a PRS , but a great first guitar .
 I play fiddle in a Cajun band and hate anything with zippers because they always break eventually . I do n't know when the `` powers that be '' decreed that all serious fiddle cases had to have zippers but zippers have plenty of downsides in terms of time to open and breakage . This case is fantastic . It is easy to open and close , and provides a good seal against the elements . It also provides great physical protection . I dropped my fiddle in it 's case , `` bridge '' side down onto cement from four feet and my fiddle was unharmed . All good cases would protect your violin but they do n't necessarily have to have to have zippers . If you hate zippers you will understand what I am talking about . If you do n't hate zippers passionately like me , you should read what other reviewers have to say about this case since I am so obviously biased in my preferences .
 I love the case , but I was a little disappointed that the interior was black . Not a big deal , but it was not what I was expecting .
 I 've used these for years and have yet to find a better spiral bound `` letter size '' -LRB- more or less -RRB- staff paper notebook . The paper can take a lot of abuse without tearing or showing through to the other side . They age well -- I have some that are about 20 years old now and they are fine , other than the wear and tear I 've put them through myself . My penciled notes from 20 years back are fine , other than some smudges where I drew heavily . The staff lines are not too dark or thick . After stuffing them into a backpack over and over the spiral wire 's ends can get a little unraveled , but unlike other spiral notebooks I use the papers never fall out . Sometimes , after lots of abuse , the back cover comes off . The front cover seems less likely to come off , although some of my older ones are nearly off . But I 've never had a inside page fall out . Looks like Hal 's `` No. 9
 Awesome book ! I can finally keep all my transcriptions in one spot ! I suggest if you want to keep this book in neat condition to scotch tape the cover 's edges .
 Great manuscript paper . Lines are of a good thickness , unlike some other manuscript notebooks which have left writing music a cramped business . There 's no problem writing on this paper with pencil , however sometimes it 's a little hard to erase . This has n't been a big problem for me , though . Smudges are usually minimal . Overall great deal , 5/5 : D
 I 'm currently studying music composition in college , so finding good manuscript/staff paper for sketches and drafts is essential . I came across this when looking for staff paper which exceeded the seemingly standard 10-stave limit for some medium-sized ensemble work and decided to give it a shot . Overall , I 'm pretty happy with it for sketches ; the spacing between staves is comfortable , and the lines are a fair thickness . My one gripe with this , and the reason why I would never use this paper for any sort of completed or near-completed draft is that it does n't take to erasers well . You may have the best eraser available , but there will still be a high likelihood of smudging regardless . It 's not a dark smudge , especially if you write lightly as I do , but still , if you 're trying to make small revisions , it can be annoying when erasing one note smudges over another unnecessarily.All that said , though , I would buy this again for more sketch work .
 good , sturdy , easy to write in . Each of my students is reqyired to have one of these note books . Thank you
 Being an arranger of piano music , I find this product a necessity to get my arrangements written.I would not be able to operate without this product . Price is very reasonable and I received it within two days.Thank you , Amazon for allowing us to get this product from you .
 Good mic , nice pickup . The mount is a little shaky here and there , but thats mainly because of it being right at the back of the mic . Use a nice weighted stand to keep it steady , and on position , and youre away .
 The unit is very good for low budget . I use this on a gretch maple kit . The response is very good in the low frequency 63-120 . I have to fight to get that snap on the high end . A little compression does the trick . Still effective .
 As others reviewers have said right out the box with no mixing what so ever this mic is very serviceable indeed . you can always mix or compress it to get the kind of sound you want but like i said before it is a very good starter mic and im pretty sure you could get a mic to sound better right out of the box but you would pay 4x as much as this one cost .
 He uses this for amplify his upright bass . And it works very well.It showed up very quickly . Thank you
 After our bass drum mic in our kit broke I wanted to find something else so we could continue recording . I decided on this one after reading the awesome reviews . I must say this mic has exceeded my expectations . Straight out of the box I was able to get a great bass drum sound . I seriously had to do no EQ modifications . It also sounds really good when I mic the bass amp with it . Do n't miss this one .
 I needed a bass drum microphone that would not break the bank . This one fits the bill . There are , of course , better bass drum microphones out there , but for recording demos or even full lenth CD 's , it certainly captures the low end better than a &#34; standard &#34; microphone .
 This microphone is perfect if you are looking for your low end punch and do n't want to spend high end bucks to get it . As said before , it may take a little tweeking the EQ to get it where you like it but is that not expected ? Cheap Cheap Cheap and was delivered two days earlier than expected . Great sound for a great deal .
 I purchased this mic quite a few years back and it has been a great tool for the kit . The clip is n't the strongest but it holds and can also be used with a pencil condenser . Admittedly it did take some work to find a desired sound . It takes a good bit of equalizing and placement to get it just right . I have mine mounted inside the bass drum using L brackets connected to the lug screws , a few bungee cords and a tom bracket plate -LRB- There are youtube videos showing various ways to do this -RRB- . This puts the mic very close to the batter head to capture the midrange punch with the inside resonance . A subkick placed in front of the resonant head makes it sound like a pro kick ! It also works very well on bass guitar cabs . If you 're willing to put forth the effort or just starting out with project recordings this is a smart buy . The price is actually what pushes it from a 3 to a 4 star . If you 're looking for something plug and play with little to no eq , look to spend a couple hundred more . I will be upgrading soon and moving this to the floor tom as it works even better for them . Get one as a back-up for your live mic as well . You 'll be glad you did !
 I havent used my mic for a while , but when I have , it 's been fairly good . The biggest issue I have with it is the headband - I wish it didnt hurt so much ! And it does interefere with my glasses at times ... so taking it off and putting it on all the time can be a pain . As for performance , well , on Tour -LRB- i drive a tour bus and narrate at the same time -RRB- it has a very good sound to it , and the microphone doesnt feel like it 's in the way -LRB- its actually sort of comfortable if you get the head strap on right -RRB- . Honestly , the worst thing about this mic is the head band since it 's metal and pokes a lot . Thats the reason for 4 stars . Other than that , I couldnt reccomend another !
 I use this product in announcing sporting events for a local high school athletic program . The WH200TR was selected over the same manufacturer 's SM-10A because this unit is inobtrusive in appearance , and was reputed to have excellent sound quality.The headset performed very well , once the PA system was adjusted for the unit 's much more sensitive microphone than the handheld previously used . This adjustment did take a bit more time than expected , however once properly tuned in the mic works very well . The primary advantage this unit has is its superior sound quality ; my big adjustment difficulty was in lowering my voice ; I tended to ovewhelm the mic with it being so close to my lips . It just takes some trial and error.Two gripes . The first is important ; the headset only has a four-foot cable . Once the headset is on your head , you ca n't go very far from the amp/mixer . Second , I really wish the mic had an inline on/off switch . Out of the box , it is always `` on '' . A switch would make this unit perfect.I have read some other reviews where the user was complaining about the fit of the headset . This unit has a heavy rigid metal frame which fits behind the head and over the top of each ear . By it 's nature , it is somewhat spring-loaded . Once the fit is adjusted by trial and error , the headset is really very comfortable , but time is required to get the fit just right.I rate at Four-Stars due to the lack of an on/off switch . I would purchase this unit again.Mac
 Great item to fix a set with a broken headset . It works great with my 15 year-old transmitter and belt pack .
 I purchased this microphone for my church because people were asking for an audio copy of the message that the pastor was teaching . This mic works flawlessly and sounds super clean and clear . We are now up and running with our professional sounding podcast . The pastor says that he forgets that it 's even there which is important ... he 's able to focus on what he 's talking about rather than what he 's talking through . Thank you Shure for this fine product !
 VERY sturdy and durable . Replaced twice in 8 years , minimum 5 one hour classss a week . Shure mic systems are excellent !
 This is a really nicely made padded bag with a velcro divider that can be configured in different ways depending on what you are storing in the bag ... or you can completely remove it . It could be used for lots of different things . We are using it to store DJ lights which fit in there perfectly .
 The quality of the bag is fantastic ! I 'm using the bag to fit 6 LED par 38 uplighting cans with their tripod feet . Yes that 's right , there 's so much space in the bag , it fits the feet attached to the light ! I have only had it for little time , so I 'm not sure how durable it is yet , but it really feels like great quality .
 I ordered this bag for a friend . He is very critical of what he puts his gear into . He was very satisfied with the constructing and flexibility . I rated it 4 stars , , because nothing is perfect .
 This is one heavy duty case , It was made to fit many different models of BC Rich guitars , I personally put a Warlock in mine ! The case is really high quality and you could probably drop your guitar off a truck and it would be safe . A really good deal for the money , I only have one complaint and thats the sheer size of this case ! I have a five string bass and the case for it isnt as big as this thing ! other than that though its a really good case and I would reccomend it
 John Michael Talbot 's music epitomizes what I would think of as `` sacred music . '' The way he combines truth , beauty and artistic excellence is truly inspirational.What 's impressive about his work is how much attention he pays to detail . I realized that when I read the liner notes in a past recording . I could see how much thought goes into his work , and that 's evident once again on City of God.The title comes from Augustine 's monumental book by the same name . The cover art features a painting of Augustine 's imagined city . It 's also the theme of the title song and serves as a fitting summary of what this recording is all about . `` Let us build the City of God / may your tears be turned into dancing / for the Lord , our light and our love / has turned the night into day . `` When a friend of mine heard the opening electric guitar chords , he was as surprised as I was . That 's how the song `` City of God '' starts . It 's a fuller sound and the electric guitar is prominent around the chorus . `` Blest Be the Lord '' and `` Sing to the Mountain '' follow the same pattern musically . All have kind of a world-music sound with harmonizing that is reminiscent of the Talbot brothers . These songs reflect the joy that can be found in being part of the city of God.But if you prefer John Michael Talbot 's quiet side , have no fear . Most of the songs are done in his familiar style . Especially comforting are `` Here I Am '' and `` Hosea , '' where John Michael sings as if God was speaking . `` God Beyond All Names '' and `` Shepherd Me , O God '' are chants that start quietly and build to a choir of petitioners . They will draw you in.Most of the songs are all vertical in nature-sung directly to God . Lyrically , they are not overly complex , which makes them easy to use in a church setting . These are songs that John Michael Talbot has sung in congregations throughout the world.This recording is a follow-up to the popular Table of Plenty that was released in 1997 . Having never heard it , I ca n't make a comparison , but I do n't believe that those who enjoyed the early recording would be disappointed with this.City of God does more than soothe-it offers up simple praise and worship .
 I did n't fall in love with this CD immediately like I have on some of his early works . The format is n't what I expected and caught me off guard . Though I am still listening to the CD and it will probably grow on me . To me his early music was very grounding and this is more upbeat .
 John Michael Talbot 's City of God CD is beautiful . Your spirit can sore when you listen to his uplifting music . I have already purchased more .
 I ca n't stop playing it . Every song is beautifully done . John Michael Talbot leads you into a quiet place in your heart .
 This is a great audio CD . The music encourages peaceful fellowship with God and also lends itself to relaxation I 'm the evening .
 John Michael Talbot is the most spiritual performer I have ever heard . Any denomination would appreciate JMT 's music . One can find `` Peace '' on earth just listening to any or his recordings . I have all or his CD 's and City of God is one of my favorites along with `` Worship And Bow Down . '' Keep them coming John.Jim C
 This stuff was easy to apply and did n't change the finish of my cymbals . Only time will tell if it protects them from getting a patina and fingerprints . It does say on the bottle that you must apply it regularly , which I will do.I do n't like cymbals with a reflective finish but I also do n't really like a patina either . I like a nice satiny bright bronze finish . I worked hard on some used cymbals I bought and got them looking really good and wanted a way to keep them looking good . Hopefully this stuff will do the trick . I wiped it on and polished the cymbal like instructed which was pretty easy . When done the cymbals felt like they had a slick finish , similar to but not the same as , the wax finish on paint . When handling the cymbals the fingerprints seems to wipe off very easily unlike before the were treated . If the finish of the cymbals changes with time or if fingerprints begin to leave marks I will update this review .
 Another great product from Paiste . Buy it apply it on your cymbals ! You wo n't have to do the dirty job of cleaning them as often - if you ever do ! But if you buy great cymbals , why not protect them ?
 Greetings from Penfield , NY ... I bought this bag over a year ago and could n't be happier with it.I do n't use the shoulder strap ... it must have been an afterthought.The stands are too heavy for shoulder carrying anyway . I carry several large cymbal stands and a hi hat stand without issue.The nylon is heavy duty and the handles are strong and comfortable . I use the 36 '' version but have to collapse my rather long vintage Tama stands.Buy with confidence ... Rock On !!!!
 I found the 2 Gator cases that I purchased to be of good quality construction and large enough to store all of my stands . Amazon 's price was great and shipping was fast .
 This is one of my favorite hand drums and I have several . Has a great sound and is made well . I do n't think anyone would be disappointed .
 Great sound , great price . I have another 16 '' and I thought this would be deeper but the tone is almost the same . A bit louder though .
 I upgraded from aM-Audio FireWire 410to the 828MKII . I got tired of issues I was having with M-Audio drivers -LRB- your mileage may vary -RRB- and needed more stable drivers and I/O flexibility.That 's exactly what I got
 This product is my champion for my radio station , sweet sound and robust for 24 hour operation for 3 years . . The must you should have in ambiant operation !
 This set of three CD 's makes for a wonderful addition to any aspiring Karoke singer ! The Christmas songs are incredibly close to the originals , and as long as you know the song , you can sing it . Lyrics are provided in CD + g format , and you even get background singers every once in a while to help you out ! A great buy that brings back a lot of memories !
 My seven-year-old niece received a karaoke machine for Christmas , and she has been singing with this CD ever since . I think she is quite happy with it .
 This bag is amazing . I have 7 cymbal stands , my throne , and my hi-hat stand and ALL of them fit in this bag NO PROBLEM with room to spare . I could easily fit another 5 stands in there . Another cool feature is the circular pouch at the end to hold the cushion of your throne . My favorite thing about this bag is that it is made of a very thick and durable fabric so it wont rip . The inside has a really soft velvet feeling that is very soft so your things wont get scratched . This bag is definitely worth 69.99 .
 I tried this software before I bought it and I was very happy with how easy it is to use . It recorded my old tapes with a $ 4 stereo cable that I ran from my cassette player to my PC . The files it made were not too big to manage and they played perfectly . This is very well made software . Best of all , you do n't have to jump through hoops to install it . Highly recommended .
 My old LPs and 45s live again on CD ! What you get is a disk which downloads the Spin it again program onto your computer . You will need to buy a wire to connect your LP player to the sound card of your computer . It 's easy to edit and it took all the noise out of my old LPs .
 I had tried several popular brands of multimedia software , including Easy CD Creator -LRB- all incarnations -RRB- and was making very slow progress in converting over 2,000 albums into electronic format . Then I found Spin-It-Again and my progress zoomed . This is by far the most efficient program for LP to wave/mp3 conversion . It does n't do several things halfway ; it does one thing superbly . I can convert , title and convert a single album in under 45 minutes from start to finish . Track separation is very easy as is naming and categorizing song titles , especially with the new album look-up feature in version 2 . You can produce anywhere from 64 to 320 kbps mp3 files or leave them in wav format.I wen from converting 150 albums in six months to over 1500 in the next six months . The folks from Acoustica have allowed me to put all my oldies , rock 'n' roll , new wave into my hand , my gym , and my car . My wife is absolutely thrilled with the mix CDs I make her now.Spin-It-Again rocks !!
 This is a terrific program . Easy to use , and good instructions.If you use any Y connections make sure you buy the right kindfor Stereo , and not mono or Phono Y 's . This is the only mistakeI made . It 's nice to put my old 33 's on CD 's and listen to themon a CD player . No more flipping records . You ca n't tell its acopy of a record , it sounds like a quality CD .
 Before buying I dl 'd their free trial software . I also DL Audacity free software . I recorded three separate songs with each . I spent about a half hour per song trying to remove noise using Audacity . I used Spin IT Again 's Remove Crackle and Pop selection . I did not have any add ' l plug-ins but did the best I could with each software . I let my daughter , a professional sound engineer , listen to each song and tell me which she liked . She picked Spin It Again for all three songs . Audacity is excellent software , maybe a bit hard to use . It is made for doing more than transferring LP 's and Tapes.I made the decision to purchase . I have transferred over a dozen albums by now . One feature that has been well worth the price is the ability to look up albums by title or author . There was only one album it could not exactly find - it was a greatest hits and listed 15 songs of which my vinyl held 12 so it was simple matter of deleting the add ' l songs and then move the song tracks to match the order on my album . One of the Musicals was a toughie but I finally found it by searching by the songwriter.The reason to find the album if possible is that the track times can be used to find the track breaks . It helps but I have not transferred a single album that I have not had to tweak the track breaks . Selecting the end of a track and the beginning of the next can take from a few minutes to a half hour depending on how much silence is between the tracks.I also use the auto level wizard for most albums . My daughter tells me that all albums are mastered so the volume is close track to track for the particular album so by selecting the loudest song , the rest fall easily within the volume selection.I try not to buy software if there is a free version even if the freebies is a bit harder to use but this software is worth the price.Acoustica Spin It Again Vinyl Restoration
 I am really impressed with Spin It Again . I recently purchased a USB turntable which came with a CD of Audacity for recording LPs . Audacity is nice for some purposes , but its interface is way too fiddly for this purpose , it sometimes lost track of which audio interface it was supposed to be using , and its track-splitting feature is about as inaccurate as they come.Spin It Again made all of those frustrations go away . The interface is superlative
 I 've been using several different programs from ancient to modern , and none of them possess the ease of operation combined with good results . This program will teach you step-by-step , and also help you find parts if you do n't have everything you need . You 're most difficult step falls on what type of system you have , -LRB- that includes your turntable & computer -RRB- . If you can get your turntable/stereo system to connect properly with your computer you 've completed the hardest task ! And Spin It Again will help you with this part!For those of you who might be younger let me fill you in
 You can not go wrong with a drum from the Remo Co. . They make great quality items....durable...super-sound ... affordable prices ! I really like this drum , and use it at the drum circle meetings.I am pleased with this item .
 This is an amazing drum for practicing and playing . It creates a great , loud sound with a lot of versatility . wonderful piece of work . I 've enjoyed this drum a great deal so far and I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 The drum is nice and light , but the wood feels VERY solid . Nice simple design . The only thing is that this does not hold up in a drum circle , way too quiet . It would be good to accompany an oud player , or when mic 'd . I 'd like to try a larger one
 We use these hand drums in my son 's Music Together classes and he loves to play with them ! We got him one for Christmas and at 9 months old , he 's really getting the hang of ` drumming ' on things with his hands . He loves to explore sounds and rhythms and the Remo drums are great for early childhood music exploration . We do not allow him to play with it without supervision however , and we keep all of his music toys/instruments out of reach when not in use . Great construction , great sound !
 EXCELLENT TAMBOURINE DESIGNED BY LAYNE REDMOND.SOUNDS AND ACOUSTIC OUTSTANDING.AM LEARNING ITS USE BY GETTING ON LINE ILLUSTRATING YAHOO . COM AND USING LESSON AS PROGRAMMED BY LAYNE REDMOND ENTITLED USE OF THE TAMBOURINEAM MAKING GOOD PROGRESS WITH DAILY STUDIES AND FOLLOWING READINGS ON THE CHAKRAS.RESEARCH & THE VARIETY OF CD 'S MADE BY LAYNE REDMOND.SHE IS AN EXPERT ON FRAME DRUMS ALSO AS USED 5 THOUSANG YEARS AGO BY THE WOMEN IN EGYPT , GREECE , TIBET , INDIA AND THE FAR EAST.THEY WERE LEADERS OF THE COUNTRIES AS PRINCESSESAND I AM RESEARCHING THIS AREA OF WORK AND ITS SIGNIFICANCE TO ITS MEANING TO THE MODERN WORLD . LAYNE IS AN OUTSTANDING DRUMMER AND INTERNATIONALLY KNOWN!I HOPE TO MEET HER PERSONALLY ATTENDING HER PERFORMANCE IN NEW YORK IN THE SUMMER OF 2010 .
 This is a really nice drum . I got this for my brother because he became interested in Arabic percussion after watching me play doumbek , riq , and tar . I did n't expect the sound to be as nice as it is , considering the price , but I suppose it must be due to the Fiberskyn 3 head and the somewhat deep shell . The doum tone is actually pretty nice , and sounds just like a frame drum should -- lots of nice overtones . The thumb hole makes holding it a lot easier , too . Even though it 's supposed to be his drum I actually play around with it all the time .
 Great drum but it took 1 month to arrive . I have purchased another from ebay , so will see how long this one takes .
 I was looking for a conga practice pad and I was about to buy the Tubanito when I found this drum . The price is `` ridiculous '' for this solid and well built drum.With a snare stand , you can play it like a `` Compact pre-tuned Tubano '' !
 This is a decent trombone case . It holds my King 3-B snugly . The onlyproblem I see is that there is very little storage . There are 2 compartments , one will hold a small water bottle , and a bottle of `` slide-0-Mix '' . The otherwill hold a mouthpiece , barely . That storage lid does ` nt close entirely flush , and you ca n't even store your mouthpiece with a rubber cover . I bought a small zippered bag at Home Depot and attached it to a `` D '' ring on the case to holdmy extra stuff like glasses , etc. . That seems to work ok . The case latchesare secure , but take some getting used to . They have a tab and slot configuration . Overall , a good alternative to a gig bag for keeping yourhorn safe .
 First of all I recieved the case on the date they said it would arrive plus I got a $ 10.00 discount off the price -LRB- thank you amazon -RRB- . Second when I opened the box which was packed very well the case looked great feels solid & lightwight for a hard case the handle feels good on the hand . I order this case because of the SKB reputation plus I read the other reviews and I own 3 SKB rack cases . I like the O rings so you can put a strap on it which is not included as advertised it has 2 compartments with closing lids . I put my horn in it -LRB- King 2b -RRB- and it fits I also tried putting my other horn -LRB- King 3b -RRB- fits like a glove the case can only fit straight tenors and bells up to 8 inches as advertised . Ok the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because of the 2 compartments are shallow the first compartment near the bell has the mouthpiecs ca n't fit much more than that the second compartment near the tunning slide I have a small water bottle and slide O mix and the compartment barely closes all the way . If you buy this case I would recomend you get a small water bottle and a small container or bottle to put your slide cream or oil .
 This case is extremely sturdy and well padded inside . It has three compact and strong/secure latches and three hinges . The walls of the case are strong and the mating edges interlock nicely . There are two exterior loops for a carrying strap -LRB- but no strap was provided -RRB- . Inside , the black velvet padding is suitably cushioning . The hinged separator between the two sections for a trombone is suitable designed that even my very old instrument fit into the case . It has two compartments with hinged lids and pull-tabs to hold a mouthpiece , tuner , oil , etc. . The handle is comfortable for carrying , and the case can stand on the bell-end if needed . I 'm really happy with this case .
 There is no one else anywhere that makes cases like SKB.This trombone case is as sturdy and as well constructed as the other cases I have purchasedfrom SKB over the years.Some comment must also be made to the ` above and beyond ' customer service from the SKB staffwho in my opinion are determined , by every means possible , to ensure 100 percent customer satisfaction.So in summing up , great products backed by tremendous customer service , what more would anyone want.Brian LevyWestern Australia .
 My guitar was beautiful . The laquer finish was flawless . The fret board and bridge are excellent quality and dark . The construction and seems were excellent . The neck and set-up were excellent for a guitar at this price . The tone is very distinctive . You may wish to upgrade the gig bag and strap . Use the new strap attacher that allows the strap to be attached and removed easily for storage in a case . Do n't add a button at heel - unbalances guitar and you risk the finish.The instructional C.D. is fun and inspiring . Esteban really encourages you to aprreciate your instrument and the sound of it . As a bonus , Instructional C.D. 1 includes Esteban in concert - wow ! And to top it off , besides the instructional C.D.s and chord chart it includes his Into the Heart C.D. - great for in the car or at home . Esteban is truly a master of the guitar . He teaches with the guitar you are purchasing so you hear how it sounds when tuned and played correctly ! I 'm ordering the rarer White burst . It is getting harder to find a Gift of Guitar package with the natural spruce top or the white burst - so grab one if you get a chance . At this price there is n't too much that compares for how much you get .
 bought 3 years ago at guitar center used and onsale for $ 300 . Use every weekend at house parties with a 12 '' 200 watt home theater sub . Roller Bag fell apart years ago but these things have been dropped and spilled on and just keep working .
 Let 's keep it simple , in this case , my horn was damaged once , and the handle just broke -- BUT , it 's the best case I 've owned in 28 years of being a professional trombonist.It is fabulous , and is the only thing I travel with -LRB- unless I have two horns -RRB- . WARNING
 Length :
 This case is like all reviews suggest , sturdy reliable and cheapish as a flight case with a bonus unlimited lifetime warranty.The most impressive thing about this purchase is that Amazon managed to get it to me freakishly quick.Took less than 5 days including weekend from states to Australia.Great item fast postage and cheap . / Win win
 I purchased this case for my son who 's in Highschool . Their band traveled to Chicago for an International Music Conference . This case did a great job of protecting his instrument and will fits perfectly in carry one bin .
 With the original wooden case destroyed , my daughter was in need of a sturdy case that would stand up to jr. high and high school band members who are less than gentle when loading instruments into a trailer . Not to mention the load and weight of the other instruments that get loaded and stacked on top of it ! This case stands up to those conditions and meets my requirements as a band parent without problem . And having played or owned more than several dozen horns in my time , I know a good case when I see one.The exterior of the case is industrial-grade , impact-resistant plastic . Initially , I was somewhat concerned about the security of the horn inside the case during loading as the students are usually very tired and in a hurry to get on the bus . However , the design and padding inside the case keeps the horn from sliding around and keeps the slide safe within a compartment . Her expensive trigger trombone is very secure and I no longer worry about it in any way . And she no longer worries herself with alternative transportation for her horn to band competitions . It 's going to stand up to student loading/unloading for many years .
 The SKB case arrived promptly . My open wrap f valve Getzen dual bore with bullet brace fits in there very snuggly . The outside pocket seems best suited as a place for slide oil . I thought the original picture showed an orange interior , but what arrived -LRB- and what I see now -RRB- is a very deep black . In fact , when the horn is not there , the inside is like looking into space.I am very satisfied with the fit and sturdiness of the case body , hinges , and latches . Tha handle is nicely padded .
 Very pleased with quality . Good sturdy case for my teenage son 's trigger trombone . I first purchased it on one of the big musical instrument sites , then found out it would be on back order for over a month . Amazon had it in stock for the same price , with cheaper shipping . It arrived just days after placing my order .
 I recently flew with this case . I had to gate check it on one of my flights because it would n't fit in the overhead bin . The horn was the last thing on the plane and it was no problem . When I landed , I watched in horror as the horn came down the conveyer WITH NO ONE TO RECEIVE THE HORN AT THE OTHER END . It dropped probably 3 or 4 feet , then flipped over and landed upside down . At that point , one of the people who was unloading the plane came over and picked it up and put it on the cart . I was already typing the strongly worded email to the airline in my head as all of this was happening . `` How could you have so little care for people 's personal belongings ?!?! '' , etc. . I picked up my case and was surprised to not see barely any marks or wear to the case . When I got home , I opened the case and my priceless horn was perfectly fine . I would recommend this case to anyone who has to ordeal flying with their axe . Thanks to SKB for making this beast of a case .
 My son is a beginner coronet player . He likes the mouthpiece better than the original that came with his horn .
 Just about all that I buy for my Banjo . Have tried other strings , and some are good and some are not They have a nice balanced tone and I will continue to use them on my banjos .
 I love Ernie Ball Strings first discovered them in Globe , Arizona music store . The found out that they have silk acoustic strings . We play in a Band . We play praise and worship music as well as gospel and messianic music . Ernie Ball Silk Strings make a beautiful sound . I prefer these regular . I personally use it on my Eleca Acoustic guitar and my daughters use it on Her Johnson acoustic guitar and on Crestwood Acoustic-Electric guitar . We like the natural but worshipful sound that come from these strings . If you play Latin American music these string are great for that too . I would highly recommend the regular Ernie silk strings . The extra soft silk string sound great but do not hold up to the stress on travel and weather .
 I love these strings and have used them for many years now . I find they are a nice balance between brightness , softness , and tensile strength for someone who must frequently change tunings . They certainly do n't last forever , but that extra bit of softness is great for my playing , anyway.Don ' t try to tune up * too * high ; the 3rd and 4th strings are most risky in this regard . You ca n't take the 4th 'D ' string up to ` E ' repeatedly without risking breakage ; and I would never tune the 3rd ` G ' up any farther . As others have noted , open ` E ' tunings are basically out of the question .
 This is a nice replacement piece when you want to go black . It fit perfectly on my Fender Mustang bass .
 I teach a music class for young children , and I bought two of these drums to use in class . They have a surprisingly great sound for what I would consider to be a children 's instrument ! Great sound and very reasonably priced . I plan to buy more of these to have a complete set of 8 for class . My friend who is a percussionist says Latin Percussion is one of his favorite brands , and now it 's one of mine too !
 I wish I had bought more than one drum , the children at my day care love it , especially during music time .
 I bought this for my 4 1/2 year old son , who loves it . It is a very high quality toy drum . I selected it because it did n't have batteries , the design is not too `` toddler-like , '' and I liked the drumstick . My son can hit it very hard and it is very sturdy , and it also make a very nice sound . Probably up to ages 7-8 or so would enjoy it . I highly recommend this drum !
 They did not fit like a glove being that they are after market , but I made them work , and they really make my other gold hardware stand out . My friends thought they were gold metal . They are plastic fo the record . I would buy again .
 Why , you may ask , should you buy this little body-less conga , when you can get a `` real '' conga for about the same price ? Well , for one thing , this * is * a real instrument , made by a great company -LRB- Latin Percussion -RRB- that 's going to outlast one of the cheap Asian imported Congas that you 'll soon be dissatisfied with . Another is that this is a drum you 'll want to keep , for practice and travel , even if you do have a set of custom $ 600 congas , tumbas , quintos and so forth.I bought mine as a learning instrument . I 've played drums off and on for decades , but never hand drums , and a friend recommended the Compact Conga as a much better choice than the cheap imports I was looking at . He was right . This is a beautiful , solidly made unit that 's easy to play and delivers a surprising amount of tone , considering that there 's no body . True , you wo n't get the real deep bass notes of a full-sized conga , but you 'll get all the exrpessiveness of a full sized drum . -LRB- LP has a video of Giovanni himself playing it on their web site that will demonstrate this for you -RRB- . The three raised feet on the bottom of the drum allow it to be played on a table top , but you 'll really want a solid snare stand to put it on - something with mass , that can take serious slapping . I suppose you could build a wooden stand if you 're handy - just make sure it can take heavy playing without moving about . -LRB- Personally , I 've been kind of tempted to place it over the end of a Sonotube to hear how it would sound -RRB- . For beginners , like myself , this is a great way to learn without investing a lot of money in expensive drums . For experienced players , I think this would be a great practice or travel drum . If you have your own home recording studio , I suspect this would be a great way to add some good conga sounds to your recordings without a huge investment . A fine product , with typical LP quality , and a great value .
 There 's a lot more to this than a rim and a head . If you take a look underneath , there is additional structure that has been carefully designed and built to produce a 100 % -LRB- and I do mean 100 % -RRB- true conga sound . No bass note , but the slap , muffled and even in-between tones are all there . This can played as an instrument in its own right or used as a practice instrument . It 's really quite amazing .
 I play with a piano trio at a club every week and I use the Compact Conga nightly . I place it right on the snare drum to play on suttle latin tunes . It 's a nice change of pace for the band and for the audience .
 Despite its small profile , this quinto packs a nice pop . I use it off of my hi-hat to create powerful back beats , as in funk or gogo . The quinto is also nice for creating dynamic , ear-catching fills , and contrasts well with standard toms . For standard hand play , it projects better than you 'd expect , but the lower end is n't there.It 's very sturdy , including the head . I play it with 2b and 5b nylons and it does n't pit easily . It fits in any standard backpack , and in any snare basket.Overall , I 'm thoroughly impressed with the quality and sound , and it is a great tool to have in the bag . The only con is the price , but in my case it was well worth the cost .
 I got these after purchasing a Martin Bluegrass set . Much better action and playability . If you do n't need the volume of the bluegrass strings , which are a much heavier gauge , give these a try . Your mandolin will like it , and you will too !
 I already have many bows , I bought this bow thinking it was made in England but I realized it was really made in china , I felt I little down , But , I have been using it and it 's pretty good as the amount I 'd paid . In the way of others brands that the prices are much more higher . It 's good 'cause it is strong for Vibrato and it has a strong sound but also is fast to play.I like the Octoganal style .
 In my search for a quality bow for my daughters new violin I purchased this bow to test . It did surprisingly well . My budget was under $ 500 -LRB- which has changed after these trials -RRB- . Testers were my daughter -LRB- novice -RRB- and our violin teacher -LRB- expert -RRB- . The violin teacher also compared them to her $ 2500 bow . These did n't even come close to her bow.Bows in the trial -LRB- Ranked in the order of preference -RRB- : -LRB- We used Pirazzi rosin on an unmarked German violin -RRB- 1st
 My wife is the violin player and she does not find time to review . Therefore , I will do my best to relate what she has said about the bow . The first thing she discovered was that she did not have to put so much pressure on the bow as she did the previous one . In short , it plays easier than bows of lessor quality . Secondly she has said she gets a better sound using this bow . I do n't fully understand what that means but you violinist will I am sure . The result is a very satisfactory bow and she highly recommends it for the intermediate player .
 I love everything about these strings , from the way they look and feel to the amazing deep and warm tones they give out . I 've been stringing these on a large body ` sky ' acoustic for about 2 years now . I 've tried going back to metal strings a few times and no more then 20-30 minutes later i 'm cutting them off with a pair of wire snipps . I ca n't find any other strings out there that i will keep on my acoustic then these babies!PROS
 Very good guitar strings !!! I 've used too many others strings but this is the best I 've ever usedI 've used them before and I will always purchase the same ... Very good sound and tasteThank you
 I teach a couple of theory and ear training classes at a university , and this tool was exactly what I needed . It works great , is easy to use , and saves a lot of time that I was wasting while trying -LRB- and failing miserably -RRB- to draw straight staff lines on the board freehand . The price was extremely reasonable . I 'm really glad I bought it !
 My mom and I were shopping in Target a couple of months ago and saw that this was on sale for 99 bucks . I looked at it and it promised that there was a lot of accessories included so that you could get started right out of the box . My mom had wanted me to take up an instrument anyway , so she bought it.I 've had a great time with it since then . It comes with a demo DVD , an amp , strings , picks , carrying bag , everything -LRB- just make sure to look for the stuff in the bag itself -- I did n't and returned it , thinking that some of the stuff had n't come with it . The lady at the counter showed me and I was embarassed -RRB- you need.It sounds good ; the amp is surprisingly loud . All I needed was a distortion pedal and some chord charts and some free lessons downloaded on the Internet and I was set . I have n't had a bit of trouble since I got it .
 I just picked up this guitar for $ 40 dollars on Ebay !!! Seriously , how can you go wrong ??? For the money , this is a great guitar for beginners period ! If you want it easy and your goal is to impress your friends , go burn up some serious coin on a Fender , Les Paul or maybe even a Gretsch . However , if you just want to get an electric guitar in your hands , give this a try . I am currently running this axe through a Fender 10 watt Frontman and having a blast !!!
 This is a pretty decent guitar under $ 100 . I got it for chistmas almost 3 years ago and its still in one piece . I 've never had any problems with it in the past and it still works well now . Although it is a decent guitar i would only recomend it for practice . It is in no way shape or form a performace guitar.Washburn Electric Guitar Pack
 This guitar is awesome !!! i got this guitar at least 4 years ago , it has the sound and look of a professional . And it is durable , i have never had to replace the string 's . it 's perfect for beginners and experts . if you have $ 4 ' 000.00 to spend , then go ahead and get yourself a Gibson , but if you want the same quality , then buy this guitar !!!!!!!!!! IT ROCK 'S !!!!!!!!!!
 in my honest opinion these are the best 12 string strings available to us as human beings . Maybe on some far away planet they have 12 string strings better than the Martins ... but who cares ... that is some far away planet .
 The strings sound good and I like the Martin quality.I have installed them on my Martin JC-16 acoustic guitar .
 Obviously Extra Lights wo n't make a large sound but even though the sound is softer , it 's crystal clear . Highly recommended .
 Recommended . Good sustain after extended use . Nice ring response to the pick ; still a fair tone response to bare fingers . Slurs could be better , but , it is a 12 string . Good price . Best , no shredded callouses after a long session .
 These strings are not for everyone . Like all 80/20 strings , they can sound very metallic - but they also have lovely overtones that can make a standard six string acoustic evocative of a 12-string guitar.What 's indisputable is that these are high-quality strings , which will last a long time . If you like the 80/20 sound , you should be happy with these , especially at this price . But be aware - these strings have a very different sound than most phosphor bronze strings . You might be startled by it . You might not like it.Or you might love it .
 Very nice strings , especially for beginners and young fingers . My 10 year old loves the feel of these strings . Very good product and excellent price on Amazon.com
 these strings provide a warm crisp tone that makes any dreadnought guitar sound like heaven I use them all the time
 The name Martin says it all & has for many , many years.Grab some extras because you will want more , Great price , great strings .
 These Martin strings -LRB- M170 -RRB- are n't bad . They just are not the sound I was looking for . I ended up like the Ernie Ball Earthwood extra light instead . The Martin 's are little shallow on the low end unlike the Ernie Ball . Other people will love them though . They are easy to play .
 I just picked up guitar and had to replace the strings that originally came with the instrument . my buddy suggested i use these strings . I have had a great experience with them . They still sound robust , but are much easier to play that regular or thick strings .
 I was suprised to see these show up so fast . The price is the best around for these great strings .
 I replaced a set of strings that were very used with these Martins . They are , as named , very light . They are easy on my fingers and give great tone . Quality company , great strings , great price !
 Was Nice . lasted long.Be detailed and specific . What would you have wanted to know before you purchased the product ?
 I have been using these Martin Extra Light strings for about a year - on my 4th set , not the same set of strings :-RRB- They sound great on my Fender acoustic ! The strings , although being `` Extra Light '' , are very resiliant . I have yet to break a string , even when I 'm really rocking out on a good open E chord . Now if I just had the Martin guitar to go with these great strings !
 I have amazon prime so I get free two day shipping and I know having looked at other music stores i.e. guitar center , musiciansfriend.com , etc. . . that the price these are is at least a few bucks lower than anywhere else . I love these strings and have them on all of my acoustics . They are very bright sounding and do n't lose their sound easily . Plus for the price you really ca n't beat em . One thing I noticed is that buying 3 pairs individually is cheaper than buying a 3 pack ... do n't really understand the rationale behind that one but hey whatever floats their boat . Love martin strings on my acoustics . If I was n't playing these I 'd have Elixr on everything but the price of these makes it hard to compare . Try them , you might just like them .
 I love this strings . They are great and the tunning was easy with this strings . They were fit to be in my acustic guitar . The price was amazying ...
 I bought these strings for my son , because his fingers are small , he needed thin strings to play his guitar.He likes it .
 Martin is always a good choice . My fingers slide easily on these strings while playing my Johnny Cash songs . I would recommend these strings for sure .
 Product arrived as described and on time . This is an excellent set of string for beginners , as they install easily and also play very easily .
 Good strings , especially for beginners and young fingers . My daughter loves the feel of these strings . So far so good .
 I ordered a couple sets of this strings so I would have some extras for myself and my 6 year old son who is just starting out on guitar . this strings have good sound and hold a tune well . the best thing is the price is great . Like I said I am usinging these on mine and my sons guitar and my son was breaking string from playing to hard , but with these string it does not break the bank to replace them as needed .
 the product was successfully received and met all my expectations required . and it was what I expected . I appreciate your good care and responsibility as always
 This microphone has great sound quality . Its produces a nice rich amplification . It is a real deal for the price .
 I 'm very happy whit the quality sure mic honesty recommends to my friends and the cost is expensive is clear and nice mic
 I got this mic sooner than I great expected and it works better than my friends brand new SM58 I would say and definately better than the cheap PG series stuff , at a much better price .
 The Shure microphones I bought are very good mics , and the price on amazon.com was great . However , I do n't get the power/volume on the Samson portable speaker I bought . I do get plenty of volume on the speakers using the iPod docking station , so i do n't think it is the speakers - just not much volume with the microphones .
 It 's Shure , so that says it all . Very sturdy microphone with switch . Shipment was well-packed and very fast . I am very happy with this purchase .
 I have had this digital keyboard for 2 years and it is outstanding . The price is right and the performance is wonderful . I love this piano along with all of its features .
 I sell them all the time and get great feedback .
 These strings are light and are great sounding . The service was great , and outstanding . It did n't take too long to get to my house , the price was very cheap . I 'd recommend these to other guitar players
 I bought one of these sets , and I have to say , they 're pretty good . They have a nice ring , and they 're very bright . Not as bright as John Pearse , Ernie Ball , Elixir , etc. , but still very very very bright . Sadly I did n't know the price here on Amazon was about $ 5 cheaper than the music store I got them from -LRB- they were $ 9 , still good and about 40 % off the retail price -RRB- . If you 're a beginner or someone looking for good strings that are cheap , I HIGHLY recommend these .
 Ive been using these strings for many years . They provide a warm Bass and a nice rich high range that makes my cheap $ 100 acoustic sound close to my former $ 400 Martin .
 getting quality martin strings at this price is a great bargain you will not find in any music store
 The playability on my old D'Addario -LRB- I mean OLD-25 years , do n't ask why they 're that old -RRB- was actually better , I could push down pretty much anywhere on the fretboard without any buzz . Sound though is really nice , maybe a little too metal , but full and deep .
 I initially gave this item a sterling review but after some use I have to revise my original.After using the Planet Waves for the last month or two I 've noticed it does n't take up the water as readily as it did when I first used it . There seems to be spill over even after two weeks when I know the humidifier is very much dried out . The manufacturer does recommend distilled water and not tap - even filtered tap water . The second issue is that with a hard case with a plastic outer shell , it works great . However on a newer case with suspension system with canvas sides the humidity is not retained . This was fortunately solved using the more expensive Stretto . Now keep in mind not everyone thinks you should humidify . After having to do some repairs to my original violin the luthier recommended humidification and I have been doing that since with my original violin and my new one .
